user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,320340,17173452,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Gabeux,"This is one of these where you feel sad to not recommend it.Let me start by stating that I believe the developers can and probably will fix any issues that crop up in the game - I can see the effort they put into it, and hopefully I can explain why I don't recommend it at the moment.This is not a simple YES / NO review. So I advise you to read further before downvoting or thinking the game is bad.For an Early Access title, it's a very well polished product. The graphics are good, the interface is nice, and the audio is great, and there's few bugs.However, even though the game is well made and has good potential if further developed, its current core gameplay is repetitive and not really fun. Which is exactly why I can't recommend it: it's not a matter of specific, isolated issues. The CORE of the game feels pointless at this time.COMBAT: Battles are EXTREMELY slow, repetitive, unsatisfying and not rewarding as one might think. I'm sad to say it's the worst pacing and balancing I've experienced from this sort of FTL-insipired games. It feels like Sid Meyer's Pirates in space (which is good and could be a lot of fun) with a slight touch of FTL.Even after I got the most expensive combat ship, and decent skill on battles, it still felt wrong, and kind of boring. Enemies may surrender and offer you a good amount for their lives, however, which is a great thing to see when it works - very few games I played have such feature.TRADING: The game doesn't provide enough info to make sense of the economy. And even though it follows a basic supply/demand and consumption/production cycle, there's no influence in the game universe beyond that. Trading is a simple mindless grind, which wouldn't be that big of a deal if it could be automated. And once you figure out a good run, you can have everyhing in the game after some mindless hauling that shouldn't take more than a couple of hours.Those are the two core aspects of the game, and both feels shallow - which is weird, because the presentation of the game is amazing. However, all the systems are in place, and both Combat and Trading can be further expanded, balanced or fixed, because the design isn't FUBAR. So there IS hope for Cosmonautica.I did enjoy the research feature and how it's implemented - In my opinion, it's a pretty unique system. And the semi-realistic ""orbital"" flight is a fresh take on space flight in games.Assembling your crew is cool, and watching they develop is great.Building your rooms to tailor your ship to your playstyle feels great, too. Being able to change ship and uniform colors is also a nice touch.The comedy undertone and popular references are fun to have.So it REALLY boils down to the core gameplay - which was an unpleasant surprise after I got used to the whole interface, systems and setting.If you are looking for a very simple trading game that can be played only with the mouse, go ahead. But anything more than that, and I can't guarantee it'll meet your expectations at the moment.I really hope the devs expand and focus on the core gameplay before the actual release. Cosmonautica was on my wishlist for a long while, and just because I don't recommend it RIGHT NOW, doesn't mean I won't change my opinion later.With proper depth, more focus os the core gameplay and a bit more complexity, Cosmonautica can be one of the gems of Steam. Otherwise, it'll definitely fall short, with the only positive point being that ""it only costs 15 USD""..so my final advice is: wait before buying.Thanks for reading!"
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,320340,18103179,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Gorebane,"This game doesn't feel finished.The economy is broken - Markets seem to be static, i.e. things you sell sit there forever which when combined with a max items per station cap make you unable to sell further items to that station. Unfortunately this then leads to items being stuck in your cargohold which you have purchased but then can't find anywhere in the system that will buy them.Levelling up your crew members is iffy. At the point of level up you are granted a skill point to increase that crew members abilities. However there is no cancel button on the level up screen so if you, like me, wonder what the unlock buttons do on the level up screen and click them, you'll find it opens up a new skill set. Again unfortunately, once you've found that out and decide you don't want them to start a new skill set and you just want them to improve in their current job you find you can't, as there is no cancel button and you have to accept.Which leads on to the save system. Apparently it was a ""design decision"" to not allow the player to save their game. Instead there are autosaves only. This would be fine in some types of game, perhaps even in this one if it was polished. There are too many instances in this game where I've lost time and effort through bugs which could be easily avoided by having a save point to return to.I would say this game possibly has potential depending on how much work the developer still plans to put into this product. Though at the moment it's a disappointing experience."
76561198009831897,Recommended,320340,17363091,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Fortytwo,"Cosmonautica is...almostthe game i've been looking for for many years.  It's very significant that although at this stage, the game does crash about once an hour, I don't seem to mind (and this usually causes me to rant).Cosmonautica is a cute, humourous game where you manage your (at the start, very shoddy) spaceship and crew. There's trading, smugglin, passenger transportation and fighting. You can upgrade your ship's rooms by installing a science module and hiring a scientist.The trading takes a while to get used to, but after a bit of practice it's possible to make a profit margin. However, this wll not be sufficient to amass a fortune: i find that at the start it's best to concentrate on a combination of trading and passenger transportation to make a living. Fighting is best left to a little later, as your starting ship and crew aren't worth much in a fight yet :)All in all, a very very nice game, with the potential to be a great game if the developpers keep adding features, missions and new upgrades for your ship. (Maybe even ground 'away' missions?)PROS:- Nice cartoony graphics- Funny, without ever becoming obnoxious- Good balance between trading/fighting/transportation...- Some learning curve at the start but not too hard after a few hours' practice- Very addictive as you want to keep improving your ship, crew and fortuneCONS:- Occasional 'freeze' crashes (the game litterally just left early access so I imagine they will fix this soon)- The fights do feel a bit 'light'WISHLIST:I feel the game could be really great but just needs to be 'fleshed out' some. So for what it's worth, here's my wishlist :)- FIx the 'freeze' crash issues- Make some more variation for the crew (both graphical and in personality complexity, backstory etc...)- Flesh the fights out some more: these feel a bit 'light', no real sense of danger or damage (some sound changes and a slight speed up of pace perhaps?)- More and more diverse missions available on space stations - possibly even longer missions requiring more steps- 'Away' missions on planetary surfaces.Anyway, I heartily recommend this game to lovers of Sid Meier's Pirates, the Hitch Hiker's Guide or Firefly!FIND A CREW - FIND A JOB - KEEP FLYING  ;)"
76561197983822109,Not Recommended,320340,23395193,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Agrue,"Game has been abandoned by devs - do not buy.  A really nice concept, but buggy and unfinished, a real shame."
76561198031075431,Not Recommended,320340,27772422,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Harven,"I was interested in this game when it was in Early Access and because of the review by Splattercat Gaming on Youtube. Sadly the end results of the game when I picked it up on sale did not meet my expectations. Constant bug and game crashes combined with an unbalance in vital game mechanics makes this game an unpleasant experience.Lastly, the game has been abandoned by the developer and no further attempts to fix the issues of the game are being made. There are games in this genre available. Play those instead."
,Not Recommended,320340,19494639,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MissingCog,"I really wanted to give this game a chance.  It was always ""almost-there.""It was your classic steam-experience of an early access getting pushed too early.While it's most definitely fun for the time I played it, and it has a -massive- amount of potential; it feels overall unrealized.What is new and exciting at first quickly becomes the norm when you realize all the NPC's are virtually the same with relatively pointless interactions.  You can choose your own dialogue choices for instance, but it makes no measurable effect on the game.  The stations are all the same, minus some commodities and services.  The same could be said for the solar systems and the various AI ships roaming about.They sort of alude to a morality system, (juxtaposing being a trader vs. a pirate) but that doesn't seem to be there.  There's just not much filler here.  This game is a fondant cake, it looks good but it tastes bad.Generally it's okay, I would give it a solid 5/10 or 2/5.  Playable, but definitely passable."
76561198002903513,Not Recommended,320340,18238833,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,JediDG,"Have played a fair amount of this pre-release and post-release. There are lots of positives here but not enough currently to keep my interest. Here are a few headlines if you're on the fence:PRO'SDecent crossover of SIMS/Space Trader.A reasonable amount of ships to save up for.Lots of star systems to explore, though this isn't really encouraged as much as it could be in the story mode.Graphics are cartoony and bright.Missions are fairly varied.CON'SLots of crashes - even after 'finished' release.As mentioned in other reviews - economy is fairly static and doesn't always make sense. A planet that exports robots only has 10 tons at any given time? How is that an export system?Lots of bugs - trade bugs will regularly put you into a negative balance. Mission text doesn't always reflect mission outcomes,Combat - DULL, DULL, DULL. No speed up option, most fights end up in either a stalemate or are a simple matter of 'Charge all guns blazing'.SIMS element is underplayed - characters don't really interact enough.Trading is incredibly tedious - see above on static economy. So I bought a ship with 80 units of space but the market only has 4 units of what I need? And it only regenerates at 2 units per 2 days? EXCELLENT.Autosave feature means that if something goes badly wrong (see negative cash balance bugs) then you are completely scuppered.Some grammatical errors and generally unpolished text entries.It's a shame - the game tries to shine in two genres but doesn't really take off in either. Hopefully this game will get more patches and content as it goes along - for now I would only pick this up if you want to grab it while its on sale and you don't mind learning the ropes of an unfinished game that has a lot of potential.- DG."
,Not Recommended,320340,23894880,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Anpere ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Cosmanautica which could've been an amazing concept within the Gaming Industry as a ""Causual Game"" has been abandoned by the Developers - do not buy. Although, you may find it alluring and you want to purchase it, don't bother, it's buggy and incomplete, disappointment."
76561198064488597,Not Recommended,320340,28296212,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Psyckosama,"This is going to sound odd, but this is a good game. It's frustrating, but fun. Kind of like an old Nintendo game in some ways. And in some ways, that's part of the problem, because while its fun and frustrating, it's also lacking in polish in many areas.There's a some big annoyances with this game and the problem is they're never going to be fixed. The team is small, has moved onto other projects, and the worst part is it's not really their fault. This game runs on the Havok ""Project Anarchy"" Engine which had its support cut late 2015. What this means is updating the game is very difficult and many stability issues that might pop up in the future will probably be impossible to fix.That said, its still fun, but it's not $15 dollars fun. It's more $5 dollars fun when you consider what you see is what you get. Should they drop the price, I'll recommend it. But for now, wait for a Steam Sale."
76561197975384901,Not Recommended,320340,33873555,Posted: 28 July,all,No Name Given,That the developer's final communication was an apology for failing in development of this title is all the review needed.
76561197978395586,Not Recommended,320340,23530507,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Arogyth,"This game could have been so much more than it was.  Unfortunatlly the devs pretty much abandoned it after they could call it ""released""It's worth about 5 or 6 hours of play time if that's what you're after.  If you're looking for more, I would look elsewhere."
,Recommended,320340,16605030,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hallgrim,"The game scratched my itch for an trading and exploration game, but i feel like i reached the bottom to soon.I enjoyed the 9h of gameplay i got out of it so far. The graphics and animation quality is very impressive, and I like the design work very much. Buying resources, travelling and reselling them for a profit feels good. Ontop of that, there are missions on every planet, e.g. to transport people to a certain planet. However, the variety among these missions is extremely limited. It feels like they are always the same ~10 missions, no matter which planet.I also do not quite understand the point of the additional solar systems one can travel to. They have certain shifts in the distribution of resources you can buy and sell, but offer nothing new at all otherwise. The quests are the same, the goods are essentially the same as well.Also, I got through my games - so far - without requiring any weapons what so ever. I think forcing the player to aquire some weapons as defense would be a good idea, i.e. by throwing the player into combat every now and then. This happened for me once, but i could easily flee without any repercussions. This is a shame, because forcing more combat on the player could be a way of disturbing them from the much more efficient strategy of peacefully buying and reselling expensive goods.There are still a good number of bugs, too. From missing planet names in the main scenario mission descriptions to a straight up crash (happened once, and was mitigated by the apparently very regular autosaving).I only had 2 different ships, I never did any hacking, I avoided combat without any problem. And still, I do not feel too much incentive in going those routes either, because I don't expect to find anything new.Sid Meier's Pirates created depth through Diplomatic relationships, progression of the main character (becoming the best pirate, avenging your family), and showed variety through a number of minigames. Both variety and depth are unfortunately lacking in Cosmonautica.In total, I do not regret having spent 10Euros for an enjoyable 9h of gameplay. And maybe, if some variety is added until release or after, I might revisit it for another 10h. So I would still recommend to anyone who likes space adventure and economic games."
,Not Recommended,320340,32599010,Posted: 20 June,all,Ordo Skirata,"Definitely has an unfinished vibe from playing the game. I seem to have reached the end of possible game content. Developers have outright admitted they rushed to release due to profits of the game not being enough, something along those lines.A dissapointment, I wouldn't recommend it unless it's on a sale for less than £10.The game itself is good fun though. You can be a pirate/mercenary, or a merchant. The most boring part is the lack of events inbetween travels, and the combat system becomes boring very quickly."
76561198004963609,Not Recommended,320340,27635103,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SailaNamai,The idea is fun and somewhat unique. However implementation and gameplay never quite worked out. The devs now have given up on fixing the game. They abandoned it and everyone who purchased this mess.Do not buy and be very careful with whatever this dev releases!
76561198058765666,Not Recommended,320340,17404160,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,robinvanderkooi22,Very much excited to play this game and loved it to start. I soon realized that once you had some money you didnt need anything. There quicky became nothing to do. 8 Hours is all i got out of it.Great early game. Decent mid game. Non-exsistant late game.
76561197970882834,Not Recommended,320340,14075161,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Wob Wobley,"The game is a basic trade simulator. Nothing more (yet?). The art style is wonderful and lured me into buying the game, but the gameplay loop is very boring (to emphazise: it's boring, boring, boring!). So what do you really do in this game?1. You stop at planets and trade a few goods (not that entertaining).2. You watch (mostly) passivly, whilst your crew is in transit between planets. They work and poop and sleep and that's about it. They don't interact with each other, you (the player) can't really do anything but to double the speed while in transit.3. Go to 1.3.1. Combat. Has to be reworkd in a big way, because right now it's sluggish, unintuitive, slow and really not fun.People who compare COSMONAUTICA to FTL are simply lying to your face. It has NOTHING of FTL, except a crew that flies a spaceship, but the similarities end here. You don't have to manage your crew, you don't have to position them, you don't interact with them. It's like watching an aquarium. An aquarium you don't have control over.The main problem is, that I can't see how the developer want to salvage the gameplay. The graphics are absolutely lovely, but tbh it looks like the graphics were here first and the actual gameplay is an afterthought.TL;DR+Graphics are wonderful.-It is NOT like FTL in any shape.-It's a very simple trading simulator.-Combat is terrible (slow and unintuitive).-It gets boring very, very quickly.First game I bought in 2015. First purchase I deeply regret since about three years.So yeah. Save your money. Maybe it will evolve to an actually interesting game (doubtful), but right now it's not worth your money."
76561197964009610,Recommended,320340,32687432,Posted: 23 June,all,Makkenhoff,"Not quite as bad as the negative reviews would have you believe. It's clear that a lot of planning and work went into making it, but it isn't as polished as you would expect an AAA studio to do (Which, the developers are not.). For the price, which I got on sale, knowing full well that the game was 'as-is' and likely would never see any additional patches to fix any problems, I've had a lot of fun playing the campaign thus far. So, as long as you have reasonable expectations, this can be a fun game, even if problems do exist. I also admire that the developers made an announcement that they wouldn't be able to fix the problems; it's hard to face facts, but it also takes guts to throw yourself to the wolves, and I can respect that determination to be perfectly honest. As some developers take the money and run without a word.Now, the game itself plays itself out in space, within the grain of older trading games in terms of trading; nothing fancy here. You've got exports and imports, and you basically know the prices. The game keeps track of what you paid for products, so you don't necessarily need a spreadsheet to 'win' at trading.  I found it easy enough to make a profits trading without resorting to one.I do plan to update this review, as I continue to plod along the game as I have time, but I wanted to put this up to let people on the fence know, that it isn't quite as bad as some reviewers have claimed for me personally.Updated, June 25, 2017Combat, is tricky to learn. You really don't get a tutorial for the first combat opportunity you have. I found myself losing every fight, and not really understanding why the enemy ship was seemingly bugging out every few times I'd shoot at them. I have an 85% hit chance, but an entire volley misses because it jerkingly moves out of the way. I realized the button I thought was to change 'orders' with my flight, was actually the mechanism to dodge with, the same one the AI kept using and messing up my volley. Once I had that figured out, I started doing a little better, but I'm honestly still failing repeatedly - it is all about timing, and I am apparently pretty horrible about that. I found ramming to be too unpredictable to use, most of the ships I've fought have ran circles around me.Research, this game is all about researching - but researching takes money and time. It's actually quite a challenge to balance the ship needs, crew needs, and of course, your bottom line. (Profits) I've found marginally higher success in having a smaller crew that dual role, instead of more crew members, because the additional crew eat away at profits and dirty/damage up the ship in the process. But, it is also harder to find these highly specialized people. I've found it difficult to justify adding skills to crew on leveling, because of the random choice of skill it hands you, so once you find a crew that has the appropriate skills, keep them alive at all costs.Again, I'll continue to update this review as I progress.Updated: July 12th, 2017Did not get to play as long as I'd have liked recently, but I've progressed further into the campaign with no game-breaking bugs to date. I have had a lot of research get completed as well as realizing just how hard it is to make money with a good crew. I still haven't managed successful combat yet - but I've gotten pretty good at disabling pirates and running away.One thing I've really noticed is, it takes a long time to build up money if you don't metagame. (IE: Play the game, find the best ways to make money, then play it again from the start for an easier time) I tried 3 different methods to help speed up getting money - and to the point I really failed at them. I was able to research the robotic helpers for cleaning and repairing, and the medical pill dispenser, that ended up being my real problem. Pretty much if you aren't pulling huge profits they are mandatory. Between one of each, and a pilot/scientist you can cheaply get all the research while hauling cargo in the safer systems. Once you get some of the science lab upgrades things get easier, but I really found the cargo hauling to be the most reliable if not tedious way to make money.If you do manage to get yourself into a situation where you've went into the red (negative balance) one of the simple ways to get out of it is to do ""0 cargo"" hauling missions - they don't pay out much, but they save you considerable anguish with taking loans.I'll continue to update this as usual."
,Not Recommended,320340,24075917,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,iCeLeaves ™,Could have been a very good game with lots of potential. But devs abandoned the game and I have to stop playing due to lack of content.
76561197977134731,Not Recommended,320340,23645270,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,mkgregory,If the developers don't care anymore...... why should you?
,Not Recommended,320340,23988318,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bigrob8917(No Traders!),"Do. Not. Buy. As stated in other reviews, the devs have abandoned this game. Real shame though, this game had a lot of potential."
,Recommended,320340,12559798,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,smoke63b,"If you're on the fence about picking up this early access game, let me alleviate some of your concerns. This game is brilliant. You do a couple of things simultaneously in this game. You manage your crew from hiring and firing to promotions and providing for their needs aboard your ship. You manage your ship's layout from recreational rooms to passenger seating to cargo space and even bathrooms. You manage the way you make money from taking missions from space stations to just figuring out profitable trade runs to killing pirates. There's also an overarching story line to follow as well.The nuts and bolts of this early access game in its current state as of 18Oct2014: Gameplay of about 3 hours right now. Researching new ""stuff"" is limited to just expanding the parts of the galaxy you can travel to. You cannot research new rooms or ships yet. The story took me about 3 hours of farting around to get through and that includes purchasing the most expensive ship (all ships were 10k regardless of size or capabilities which is very easy to get right now). Keeping in mind that once more content is added, you will be able to research new ships. The game works flawlessly in its current state and is very fun to play. I'm chomping at the bit now waiting for the rest of the content to land.Keeping to the genre this game falls into I would give it a 5/5 in its genre."
,Not Recommended,320340,34721426,Posted: 3 September,all,†<CC><Wash,"Vaporware. Don't waste your money. Chasing Carrots (developer) has abandoned this game and all those users that paid real money for it. They are not even going to make it stable. It's sad because this was a very fun game to play. With the features it has it could be made stable and stay a fun game. However, for myself and many others the bugs in the game make it unplayable. Chasing Carrots response to this is that ""some"" people can play it. They feel that's good enough. So before you buy I guess you better decide if you want to gamble that you're one of ""some"" people.Instead of having some morals or ethics they released a long letter saying how it's not their fault and they want to work on other projects. This kind of action destroyed Double Fine (Spacebase DF-9) and the developer of Starforge. I for one will never trust Chasing Carrots again enough to purchase another one of their products.Looks like another game going into the Archive bin, and another failure of a development company."
76561198007884644,Not Recommended,320340,17858821,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ferdy,"Updates twice a month leading up to release, and nothing since then. The game has a distinctly unfinished feel, avoid for now unless the devs prove they haven't abandoned it."
76561198065827137,Not Recommended,320340,29913969,Posted: 13 February,all,Gameplay,"""It is impossible for us to fix the bigger issues and crashes now. The technology in its current state does not provide a solid base to reasonably develop Cosmonautica further on.""Chasing CarrotsDominik, Patrick, Daniel, Josef, Markus & Patrick"
76561197966096024,Not Recommended,320340,23719028,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,rdobbs,"Had a lot of promise, has a lot of cool ideas - too bad the developer dumped it and ran.  Can not ever recommend it based on that alone - nor any of their future products.  At least finish your game, Chasing Carrots...  at least finish it so its not a broken mess."
,Not Recommended,320340,32069315,Posted: 30 May,all,sibobb,abandoned
76561198170191947,Recommended,320340,15525860,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,narib414,"Cosmonautica for a early release game is suprisingly fairly well poilished.  You will embark as a fledgling trader and slowly build up wealth allowing you to upgrade your ship and hire on new crew;than buy a better ship only to better upgrade it and hire on more crew; all the while attempting to find the best trade routes to make more money.Pros:-  Graphics are well done, having a cartoony look/atmosphere to them.  While at first I was kind of taken back by it but quickly loved it especially as you start finding all the underlaying humor and quips at famous movies, punch lines, and even the dev's add in their own humor with the writing in game.- The witty humor and comical movie referances really add a refreashing change to present games.  I personally enjoy actually reading the mission briefings and alerts because there is always a light hearted feel to it.  I've found this has actually made me enjoy the ""montonity"" of doing trade runs, transporting passangers, smuggeling goods because there is always some underlaying humor written.-  The music is enjoyable and envelopes you into the atmosphire of the game.-  When you load the game, there is a ticker on the bottom of the screen that the devs update including a ETA as when to the next patch/update can be expected.  This I EXTREAMLY love because this lets you know that this game is being continously worked on and re-enforces that the investment you put into the game is actually valued.-  The tech tree is enjoyable and adds a nice twist to the game.-  You are able to customize your ship from the inside,(and external coloring as well as ship name) allowing you to have a real visual of what the ship looks like inside.- On the topic of being to see inside of your ship, you are able to actaully see your crew go about doing their duties and performing defferent actions.  Nice touch.-  Crew members will gain exp allowing you to invest points to improve their current specialty, or you can try unlocking two other possiable skills they posses.  They also may have secondary skills, either being good or negative.  Plus crew histories are a wee bit comical to read as well.- You are not limited to just one solor system, there are others out there, how ever, you need to research them first before unlocking them.Now before we continue onto the cons, just remember this is a early access game and it does seem the devs really do care and are striving to produce the best game they can produce.Cons:- No campaign (yet).  Sadly there is only a tutorial mode or sandbox mode atm.  However there is a campaing button but it is greyed out but it states it's coming soon.  Really hope they release it soon but I'll keep playing the sandbox mode for how, still a lot to do.-  The time passing in game seems a bit quirky.  One game play movement was slow and it'd take me a few days in game to get from one planet to another, but later in another game play, it'd be crazy fast.  I really don't know if it was from upgrading to a newer ship and researching the engines to improve them (now that I think about it, that may be the case, but I digress)- NO SAVE FEATURE? Come on.  There ""is"" one, when you quit the game, but I'm not used to that.  I wish there was at least a choice in the options to either be a ""realistic save"" (save only upon quit) or ""normal save"" (allowing you to save when you want.  This being said, there were a few instances where the game had crashed and somehow the game saved before being close, resulting in me being spawned into a space port but the money I made selling goods was in my bank and upgrades to my ship were intact.-With no campaign so there is'nt any end-game content.  HOWEVER, it IS still very fun and I actually do enjoy playing this game so...keep that in mindAll in all, for $10, this game is well worth it's weight in salt.  I whole heartedly recommend this game.  Just keep in mind it's EARLY ACCESS, so be ready for a few bugs and issues.  Other than that, download and enjoy!"
76561198006991494,Not Recommended,320340,17408730,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DocMooncalf,"TL/DR: Recommended during sale, but not worth more than 10 €I had a tough time deciding if i should recommend Cosmonautica, but in the end I decided against it due to the price tag.For a phone/tablet game Cosmonautica is better than many others. For a PC title i consider it to shallow. There is simply not enough content.- There is no real reason to travel anywhere on the map as there is nothing new to find- Combat: based on a nice idea, but requires no tactics whatsoever- Trade: Extremely boring, basically buy ressource x at producing planet -> sell it at consuming planet- Missions: It feels like there are about 5 missions, which repeat- life sim: way to simple / to easy to fulfill crew needsEven though for the first few hours it had fun :) Because while it is a very shallow game it also is a it is a very well polished shallow game =).The artwork is nice, the soundtrack not bad..."
76561198038934969,Not Recommended,320340,17225760,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,simc1,"The game has strong potential but at this time it misses a real ''fun factor''Main mission is OKOther missions offered in bars are repetitive and kinda dullThe trade system is really basic and gets boring quickly - bring in price variations, higher quantities, random events that affect price etc etcCombat system could get revamped but is OKThe management of crew and daily routines is fun at start but gets repetitive quicklyThe ''needs'' and affinities of your crew members needs tweeking since their effects can barely be fully ignoredThe happiness does not empty quick enough so you can almost avoid having a cuisine and toilets and wait several days to get to the next station and break (if you have time)Misses random events, a geopolitical system or presence, a real marketsome flaws and crashes here and there but nothing unfixablewhen you start over a new game dialogs cant be skipped and you cant fire the left mouse button quick enough since the icon also moves up and down.+++nice conceptgood humourgreat potential-------------I will be looking at this game as it evolves and it could turn into a nice enjoyable game later on now after a few hours I will shelve it."
76561197998216901,Not Recommended,320340,28090521,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,sevey13,"I have 11 hours on record. I already have the biggest ship in-game. Space combat is incredibly boring. The planet jump system changes up on you mid-flight (it tells you it will take x time to arrive, but then it takes longer because of something in the math). Updates were promised a year ago, nothing to show. People who say the devs abandoned this game are correct. Go elsewhere."
76561197999685747,Not Recommended,320340,34024893,Posted: 4 August,all,silentline40000,The game has been abandoned and will not be finished. After I would say 20 or so hours once you have gotten a hold of what to do you will realize that the game doesn't have much to offer in the way of content. Don't get me wrong the game is fun for what it is but a lot of things are unfinished or it just has bugs in it that can be repaired if they took a couple days just to work on bugs  and balancing. If they did that I would play it more often than I do. If you are going to buy it then get it when it is on sale (60% off 3.99 as of this write up). Will I recommend this? No. Will I be buying anything else from this dev team? No. So do yourself a favor and just don't spend no more than 5 dollars on it if you do deciced what you will do.
76561198081649432,Not Recommended,320340,18079583,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,XyLe,"The worst game i've ever bought myself. And for that kinda price!! amazing...Playthrough after you've farmed money looks like this: ""fly to that planet"" (click of a button), ""fly to another planet"" (click a button), ""wait 10 days"" (just sit and fast forward a few minutes), ""now fly back to the first planet"" (click of a button). Also some space fights that make barely any sense and mostly just take a ton of time, since you can't fast forward them (waaaay to ez to win).And i got stuck because the game requires you at some point to make a strategical desicion without giving you any information to base it upon. They say ""prepare for everything"" which is obviously impossible, coz u can't buy everything. I got stuff that wins me fights but the game is unsatisfied with the way i win them, LOL, and it says i have to start over. yeah, right! :Dso1) if you want beautiful space fights, at least some tactics and maybe even strategy - play a different very well known game2) if you want at least a decent economical strategy - this is clearly not a game for you3) if you want to see people living in rooms and interacting with each other - you can easily guess a much better game to play as well4) there's no more components to this game. story line is not any good and it's just represented in a few text messages, barely even exists."
76561198002372400,Recommended,320340,19348819,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,festogm,"I have to say that I was disappointed when I first bought this game but the new update (game changer) has done just that.  I am having a blast now with very few crashes and some fun gameplay.  The battles are enjoyable and the interplay between the crew is fun to simply watch and enjoy.  The universe is huge and allows a lot of growth.  I would like to see some new room options and expanded research capabilities but all in all it was well worth the price and the newest version is stable and a lot of fun.  If you are the kind of person who likes to sit back and watch game characters interact and go on with life aboard a ship, this game is for you.  Good graphics and simple to learn but fun gameplay.  I would recommend"
76561198040777244,Not Recommended,320340,21843327,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,mr.noname.kingdom,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ok so the dev thinks that this game is not worth their time so please please don't buy it, i quote""Right now we're working on a new project ...... A bigger update would require a lot of evaluation and maybe re-designing of certain things. Time we really don't have right now""so basically thanks for the money and screw you guys.if the game ever gets made into something respectable ill change this."
,Not Recommended,320340,20740751,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,NihlusGreen,"I wanted to like this title more than I did, what with its elements of management, space, trading and designing your own vessel layout in ant farm view, it ticked a lot of boxes to my liking. Even the characters and art style look fine.But its the mechanics that let this game down.Combat is not up to scratch as quite often you run out of ammo before doing to much damage to your opponent. A prolonged fight results in running out of ammo and then paying a ransom for your surrender. Then head to a shipyard for expensive repairs (~20k). Taking into account vessel combat requirements with rooms dedicate to ammo storage, turrets, torpedo bay etc, while also employing 3-4 specialised crew to man these stations costs money. A lot of money. At the end of the day just focus on cargo and passengers and if a fight arises, just call the aggressor and pay a ransom, its much cheaper ($600-$2500) than all the above requirements.Crew members can go on strike if their needs are not met. What are their needs? Whos knows, clicking on the profile of a striker reveals no negative information, though occasionaly before strike you may see some negative effect which, more often than not, is getting a bee in their bonnet due to another crew mate having a different food preference. Seriously! The more they are levelled up the crazier they get.The tutorial is inadequate with the trading section been the end of it and from memory finishes with ""you have 14 days to do some trading"". Thats not a tutorial, and by the time you get up to some combat, your paying for a lot of trial and error.The game crashes quite reguarly, once or twice every hour with a runtime error, thats apparently wide spread.Jobs given out from spacestations quite often require sourcing and delivery of 30x of X resource, however there is very rarely enough of that resource in the whole system to suffice the job.Sometimes smuggling jobs start from A and involve collecting contraband from planets B and C to deliver to D. Quite often you will run out of time or even with sufficient cargo space it just wont get loaded or more gets loaded than the job specified and when you get to location D, it won't unload, resulting, after a time period, a failed job with a large penalty for you.It would be nice if you could go back to an earlier save to prevent the wasting of big $$$ but Cosmo employs an auto save feature that saves over your older save. No going back = lots of time wasted.Pretty soon it becomes a big boring grind.I truly hope developers Chasing Carrots deliver something greater next time, but as it is Cosmonautica feels like its missing some essential pieces and now its 6 months post release it'll probably stay that way."
,Not Recommended,320340,23352949,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Le comte de Monte-Cristo,"I really wanted to love this game, everything seemed so perfect that I decided to help the devs even tho the critics weren't so good. I totally regret this. The devs made this game what it is even with all the potential it had. I promise you this, I would never buy anything from these devs, the resolution of abandoning this game and not fixing it just killed everything good from it. ♥♥♥♥ you devs."
,Recommended,320340,12139428,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,weemcast,"FTL meets Sims and more! There's a lot here already, and more is on the way... I'm having a blast!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-XHHfILb6s"
,Not Recommended,320340,31536185,Posted: 3 May,all,Ravenous Sperm,Abandoned...why is it still for sale when the devloper said it was unfixable and they were done trying?
,Not Recommended,320340,22511117,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,The Brizzilionaire,"Fun little game, when it works (which is never). Literally everything you do in the game will potentially crash it, sending you back to your most recent autosave. Tried on an Intel based system, AMD system, and on an iMac and they all experienced crashes without reason and  without fail."
76561198065230632,Not Recommended,320340,25359801,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Torgaddon,"I wanted to like it.The ideas it has seemed fun and very interesting. But it just doesn't get there.Its slow, boring and pointless. It has the worst trading system I have ever seen and combat is far too easy. No one ever came close to klling me.The developers also seem to have given up on it as it has quite a few bugs that hurt it."
76561198040497624,Not Recommended,320340,31959450,Posted: 25 May,all,็,"My expectations were so high for this game. I love trading games. And I love space and astronomy. I spent a lot of time on Port Royale, Port Royale 2, The Patrician series and when I saw this game I bought it on both Steam and Google Play Store without thinking twice. Just like the games mentioned before you control indirectly, in real time, your spaceship mainly from a top-down view while trading goods from a planet to another. There is a story mode, which I never played, and a sandbox mode, my favourite. A note wich is very important to me: every time you start a new game the entire map is created from the start. You can accept missions at any bar of any planet. You can recruit and manage the crew and every person, or alien, have different skills and traits from combat skill, cook skill, research skill and so on wich you can upgrade. You can customize different models of spaceships from the looks to the position of the rooms inside, pretty much like FTL and you can actually look inside your ship during travels, you are able to see how your ship looks inside and what the crew is doing at that very moment. You can engage pirates and other civillian in combat. You can research new rooms and ways to travel far and explore the galaxy. The overall game look is very pleasant. One major problem affects the entire game: repetitiveness. You do the same thing over and over again. From the missions to the trading. You buy something on a planet and then go sell that thing on another one. You accept the misison here, you go there and finish the mission. The combat doesn't help the situation because is tedious and slow and there are some glitches here and there that mines the game.Unfortunately the game has been abandoned because, according to Chasing Carrots the engine which the game was built with is not so easy to use. I understand the resources for an indie team are scarce, infact this game relfects what happens when you try to make something too big for you to handle. In the end the gamers paid the consequenses.I hope one day the guys at Chasing Carrots, whether by their own work or not, will exhume this game and make what it was supposed to be. Until then, thumb down.The soundtrack is pretty fu**ing great though."
,Not Recommended,320340,32757364,Posted: 24 June,all,stinger839,"If I could rate this a ""meh"" that would be the most accurate to the experience.The crew members and planet names are quirky-cutesy. The ships are cartoonishly cool. It's fun to design the layout nad colors of your ship.Ultimately, it is just a grind to unlock things you don't really need to unlock more things you don't need. The missions repeat. The merchants at the spacestatiosn repeat; the only difference is what places have. There are minor differences at the spaceports, but nothing that makes them distinct or makes you feel like you just travelled to a new planet and culture. You don't feel any connection to the story or your crew. I sunk seven and a half hours of trading to buy a ship I wanted, only to find it was barely on par with beginner fighter ships, and I'd upgraded almost everything by this point.It's an okay time sink if you just need something to play in the background while you listen to podcasts, but it's not really engaging and space trader/pirate afficianados will not be impressed but disappointed.  I really really wish it was better."
76561198056085546,Recommended,320340,17382982,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,King Helmkraft,"A fun, quirky game that offers players the opportunity to trade, smuggle, be a taxi, fight battles, manage a crew, and purchase/upgrade new ships ... IN SPACE! Here's a quick breakdown:PROS-Nice graphics, very polished and cartoonish-Very catchy soundtrack-Plenty of research options and the ability to upgrade your ship, find new solar systems, etc.-Each crew member is unique in their own way in appearance, personality, and attributes-Missions to earn money in a variety of ways-A decent main quest to follow instead of just flying around aimlessly (if that's your thing, there is sandbox mode, too.)-Each planet and solar system is unique in its own way and consumes, produces, and has a ban on different things-Some Sim-like aspects to your crew in that you have to provide for their needs to keep them happy and working-Fast forward time speed option to cut down on long trips for the impatient player in all of us-The game doesn't take itself too seriously and has humor throughout-The devs are active, helpful, and take their players concerns seriously. They want to make the game worthy of praiseCONS-Still pretty buggy and crashes occasionally, but not to the point of making the game unplayable-The missions are very repetitive and predictable-Space battles aren't that exciting-Moderate learning curveSUGGESTIONS-Would be great if there were diplomacy options or the chance to establish your own production/trading stations-The option to create a small fleet or galactical trading empire would be a plus-More weapons and room options-Much larger variety of missionsAll in all, if you like economical sci-fi simulators, this is a pretty sweet game. I'm sure it will develop over time to be even better. It's definitely a good start. If you liked Sid Meier's ""Pirates!"" or Firefly, definitely pick this up!7/10 stars"
,Not Recommended,320340,26504917,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,flyinggoomba,"Buggy, unfinished and now abandoned along with it's players.  Never worked quite right and each new patch or content pass worsened the issues.  Save your money for a team that will respect you."
76561198179382829,Not Recommended,320340,28234245,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Hymirl,"Wanted to like it for the style, and trying something a bit different but its just a dull game. Trading is unexciting, combat is lame, and theres not much to do other than grind for resources. No real story or interaction.And its pretty buggy, crashes a lot and is pretty much abandoned by the devs. Best avoided."
,Not Recommended,320340,29772462,Posted: 7 February,all,Panzer,Abandonware. Do not buy.
76561198007488824,Recommended,320340,14296731,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Murigrim,"This game is basically sims in space, with combat thrown in.you hire your crew - each crew member have different skills and characteristics that can be both good or bad.you trade in stations as with most space sims.there is combat in it and depending on your crew you do get a few options during combat.you can also build rooms within your ship at shipyards and each room has a different purpose.You can also purchase bigger and better ships along the wayand there is actually a research function for discovering new techsAlthough the game is still alittle buggy due to it being early access none of the bugs are game breaking.Personally I am definitely going to recommend this game because it is definitely a game I will spend time playing.Pro'sgood graphicslots of replayabilityinteresting conceptvery fun to actually playa nice paced game that is great to play on those days you just want to chill.Con'strading in the game is way too  easy to make a profit.right now you can play the game without any weapons on your ship at all because you never get attacked except on missions. - put in random encounters.buggy - sometimes goes very slow when alot is happening at one time - isnt my computer as its high spec.dead crew members sometimes stay in your ship and are not removed.right now im giving this a score of 6 out of 10.bottom line - for the price this is a fun space sim that will give you some enjoyment"
76561197970339365,Not Recommended,320340,24103554,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Big K,"No no no no. Don't waste your money. Game still is incomplete and the developer already stated they won't be finishing/fixing remaining issues and is moving on to another title. Don't touch anything made by these developers now or in the future.Example: Ship combat that can often end in a never ending cycle where neither side wins and you are stuck. Great testing there guys,Game looks nice at first but man.. no depth."
,Recommended,320340,15704358,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Faptech,"As of right now, this game crashes.A lot. Let's just get that out of the way.It also auto-saves a lot, too.Sometimes a little annoying on the longer trips, but this is early access folks; not unexpected. If you fall into the niche this game is meant for, you'll love it.I'm still experimenting with this game, but here are some tips:Research the outer rings ASAP. Smuggling slaves is so profitable, you can just throw out max bribes for 80% success and still walk away selling 5 slaves for $25,000 profit. If you don't want to smuggle, you can also trade weapons legally for slightly less profit.Missions are fun, but the rewards need to be rebalanced. Just keep in mind the starter ship is very slow, and you're going to need speed to complete a lot of the more rewarding missions.Space combat doesn't have any appeal right now past destruction missions, so if you're intercepted randomly, just save your ammo and Flee. The restock costs aren't worth it.Room effectiveness depends entirely on placement. Map out your crew's routes hypothetically and place bathrooms, food, and recreational along the way."
76561198007252808,Recommended,320340,17368130,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,McMottek,really nice game that makes a lot of fun in the beginning. after a steep learning curve the game clearly lacks content for longer gameplay. and there are still a lot of bugs and game crashes.pros:- nice graphics- good soundtrack- funnycontras:- regular bugs- regular game crashes- lack of content in the mid and later game- needs better balancing for exp and researchi would recommend it to anyone who likes games like this on a casual basis
76561198019599257,Not Recommended,320340,21161853,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Mr_Darkmane,Good idea but it's poorly implemented. Eg I went to report a bug but then found that the same bug had been reported 6 months ago.
76561198042212951,Not Recommended,320340,22615051,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Phule of a Took,Cute pictures do not a good game make.  Pacing and stability issues.The developer is putting out minor patches always saying they are working on something else and have abandoned major development this game so issues not likely to be addressed.
76561198129101111,Recommended,320340,14643962,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"EDITED:Released a bit early in my opinion; but it is worth the reasonable pricetag it has. The core is a fancy space trading simulator, with piracy and minimissions tossed in a relatively randomized galaxy. Not completely horrible, but not spectacular either.It still holds some glitches and errors in it - things that should be patched up. But despite that, at its core is a reasonable game for the price.Edit;So you probably want to know more about it - well, its a space sim game. You are a captain of a spaceship and need to decide how to make the most of your ship and crew to get better in the world. And better ships, more monety and all that usual stuff. The tutorial is done well, giving you a purpose and trying to explain how to get further out and explore. But it doesn't hold your hand, you need to at least understand the basics of the ""buy low and sell high"" trading dynamic for the basic profits. Sandbox fits the description with no requirements but your own, and the campaign is not yet done.The gameplay is set very similar to the Sim Tower style of placing rooms inside a ship for the crew needs, then hiring your choice of crew for tasks. You can set the tasks and leisure times of the crew and need to balance it all to run effectively. Don't waste crew overlapping a task when you only need one piloting at a time or cramming the bunk beds cause you didn't realize everyone's off-duty at the same time. So it has some management and planning, but its not quite like the more modern Sims - you don't command the crew directly. Just have them do their tasks and slot the timing. Then watch. The main game is the trading and travel, with the extras on the side.Crew can level up and get better, but the higher levels also mean more needs and demands, and its up to you to supply that for the voyage. You can mitigate some of it by shore leave by staying at stations for a day before a trip, but they may get stressed out on longer trips if you don't have appropriate facilities on board. And that's back to the ship planning and room layout, much like the older Sim Tower as I said. If you ever played that game enough, you'll get this easy. Took me a bitto figure out the staying at a station part, but that was really helpful once I got it - just speed up the ""time"" while docked. You pay the crew for sitting still, but they get relaxed for it better than you usually can on a trip with the ship.Ship travel is selected by you, but the speed is all determined by the pilot skills, if you have a pilot for all 4 shifts, the ship goes faster. But not all skills like that need to be so extensive, and you'll find yourself shuffling the crew roster over time for the right mix of skills as it kind of becomes a test vs the RNG to get the right mix together. Each crewmember also has needs and specials, and you'll find yourself constantly rethinking which crew you have as you may end up with needs you don't want - and overeater can kill your plans for having the cook on board, and a sporty one that needs a fitness room you can't place well can be annoying. But that's back to the shore leave for a solution sometimes, and you'll make do.The primary game is mainly trading, buy low and sell high. You can also become an exclusive transport for passengers or piracy in it, but the game needs some balance between it all for it to work out better. Piracy doesn't pay nearly as well as trading, and passengers can work out but needs some tweaking for the delivery time and rewards to really pay off for the investment. And not all tasks can be done well. Certain crew mixed and ship designes just can't accommodate certain ammounts of passenggers, and the combat is something else...The space travel around the stars are split between 3 rings. The Inner set is the safe zone - no piracy, short trips and easy to get to locations. The Middle has a chance of piracy towards the outter edge, but not frequent. It has longer travels and really requires the ship to start running effectively. The Outer is the hardest. It can have some of the most lucrative trading options out there, but its the hardest to get through with the Piracy almost guarenteed.To gain acess to the rings you need to research it, another crew task, with another room requirement. It can also be used to research other stars to travel to for even more ring research for travel. There is other options for ship and room research, but not implemented as of this writing.Space combat is diferent than you'd expect. You command when the ship fires and activates its short-lived powers availible through certain rooms like hacking or shields. The movement is automatic tho, so its pretty fluid. Damage at this stage in Alpha doesn't mean its a doomed ship when your hull is 0, instead its more work for repair crews and strain for the trip. That and an opposing ship doesn't surrrender to a crippled ship, tho they will run when their health drops low. Perhaps some balance is needed to finish making the danger more real, without it becoming more troublesome. As it is, you need certain rooms that take up space for combat, and each swhip has certain limitations on how many weapon types it can use and where to place them.All and all, its a very promising game. Could use some polish and perhaps more tweaking here and there - but it does the concept well for how it wants to. Definetly one to watch for the future, especially with the intensive dev involvement here."
,Not Recommended,320340,18274224,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Capz,"Potential spoilers on gameplay mechanics.Fun little game, goes boring fast. Get it in sale if you like the genre 10 hours of garanteed fun.The good:- Graphics, artstyle: Love it.- Vibe: Gives a good space feeling. A lot of travelling, which is real. Audio is good and helps with this.- Ship management: the minimal space in your ship makes it that you almost always have too few spaces to get everything, which encourages you to apply your best and preferred set up.- Challenging curve in the start to get a new ship.The Bad:-limited interactions, animations: It's the bare minimum. This makes travelling, one of the major parts you will be doing, get boring FAST.-Balance: Two huge flaws:- Pirate missions reward the most and it's faster to do the low impact missions: less repair costs and you can do more in one time you need to fight a high difficulty enemy, which means you earn more eventually in less time. BREAKS GAME, makes it boring.- Once you have enough money for a specific level of ship (not spoiling) you will be able to complete the game and progress through. At this point you know you can beat everything, and there will be no need to buy another ship and exploring other worlds does not provide anything.The Ugly:- as mentioned above: many planets and solar systems to explore, but there is no need to find them, except the achievement.- Weird bugs.- fights are limited and sometimes it does not do what you want.So I am mixed, you will have fun but not for long. Buy it if you want 15 hours of play and then change to another type of ship. otherwise NO. Buying in sale is advised."
,Not Recommended,320340,32798283,Posted: 25 June,all,HanColo,"It's a grinder - thats for sure. With the summer sale listing it for $2 USD, I couldn't say no to a quick playthrough.While abandoned and glitchy,  it is fun at times but overall just a time sink. Don't pour that time down this drain."
,Not Recommended,320340,34068057,Posted: 6 August,all,CrudTaylor,"I unwisely purchased this game right before the developer posted an apology for abandoning the project. It was fun for a couple hours, but it's definitely not worth buying in its current state.Bottom line: Do not buy!"
,Recommended,320340,12611361,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,letalis001,"After playing this for a little while, while it has  a ways to go in terms of being long term fun, the stuff thats in place already shows a lot of promise. essentially you manage a spaceship laying out the vessel through rooms similar to the way sims medieval handles buildings adding in various things like science, shield systems bunks to sleep in etc then you hire a crew. each crew member you hire has skills that corrospond with a part of the ships operation. the solar systems and later the galaxy at large will be proceedurally generated so its never the same game twice. however in its current state theres still a lot that says coming soon in the menus so if your expecting huge things as of this writing, you will be dissappointed.combat is reminisent of sid meiers pirates (specifically the 2004 remake of it) as the ships kind of look like retrofitted ocean liners. you control the ship by giving orders to the crew at their stations depending on what they do on the ship varies the level of interactivity in regards to what you can choose.also the art direction is awesome in this game. it looks great, plays great and aside from the lack of content as of this writing and a few things that can be overlooked as it is in a early release state. this has the makings to be one of the coolest space games around.The developers seem to listen to suggestions and feedback from the community and are active in both the boards on the website and here on steam. this i feel is an early release worth backing and if you like space games, trading sims or the sims, this might be right up your alley."
76561197962128377,Not Recommended,320340,34827188,Posted: 8 September,all,Vince from [Product],"The game lacks any real depth after a few hours of gameplay. Once you get past the art style and futuristic pop music it goes downhill real quick-like from there. The jokes are bland, the trading system is asinine, and best of all, the developers KNEW well before release that this game wouldn't work for many people and that there was nothing they could do about it.Punish bad developers, never purchase from Chasing Carrots again. As for the game, just don't bother with it. (Oh look, I've become the developers now.)"
76561198007209067,Recommended,320340,17360650,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,PrinceNic,"Very fun game to kill a few hours. A little buggy, but fortunately the game auto-saves constantly so its not really much of an issue. After the brief storyline, which I was able to accomplish in about 8 lazy hours, the game essentially becomes a giant trading sandbox. which is still entertaining, but gets old really fast. The combat is done well, and the ship modifications are a nice touch. I just wish there were more options. I literally researched everything possible in about an hour.The most teadious thing about trading is how hard it is to keep track of where you can make the most profit and off of what, some sort of mechanism to track where the most profitable nearby ports are would be very helpful. Also what exactly do I do with money after I own the best ship and have a maxed out crew? It would be awesome to be able to buy another trading ship and have an entire AI fleet to manage, maybe setting up auto routes? Hopefully that is coming in the future.All and all this game is done very well for casual players and less hardcore ""tycoon"" style players.  I think I was $20 well spent."
,Not Recommended,320340,22654223,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Shadowbreed,"Refund requested.This game had a lot of potential, but in its current state is too incomplete to be playable.In addition there's many bugs, and the devs have stated they simply moved on to another game instead.Would highly recommend against buying this or any of their future games."
76561198035691061,Not Recommended,320340,29023438,Posted: 4 January,all,SirVanzeek,"Started out good but from the devs own mouths ""they are working on a different project now"" - so nothing has been done with this since March 2016. Last few changes they have made have left the game almost unplayable for more than about 15 minutes.I would NOT recommend this game until the dev team starts caring about it again. In its current version its just plain NOT FUN."
76561198121873014,Not Recommended,320340,29568318,Posted: 29 January,all,arcangil,"Well, I was so excited about this game. Bought it (even thought it is early acess) and played and played. Loved the patches and even though the game crashes randomly I played on, saving after big steps. Now I see they have abandoned the game... So because they put out an unplayable, buggy, crashing game I am supposed to just be OK with the ""Oh sorry guys we dont have the ability to fix the game we designed"" Im outraged. BEWARE ANY BUYER TO THIS GAME. This should be a warning to anyone buying early acess games. You will get screwed, the days of helping devs are gone they are just after money and dont give a crap about the craft."
76561198010598038,Not Recommended,320340,26506388,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Vysey,"Game had good promise, however it has been abandoned by it's developer and is incomplete. Don't waste your time"
,Recommended,320340,13680435,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Professor P4nda,"If you played FTL (Faster Than Light) then you'll love Cosmonautica. Its basically a micromanagement space game that allows you to hire your crewmates, explore uncharted planets, and kit out your ship. This is rapidly becoming my most favorite indie game in 2014. I bought it during the Steam Winter Sale, and have already put somewhere along the lines of 25 hours into this game. The music is pretty snazzy too!"
76561197973034678,Not Recommended,320340,17408853,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,LukeBu,"When I saw this game it had a good basic trading system, with a few jobs with the flavor text re-used many times, and acess to basic rooms and ships.  I assumed that the developers would add more ships, rooms, meaningful staff interactions and events to the game.  I was wrong.  The basic rooms were strung along in a research system that, although interesting and fun in concept with better endgame, added nothing but waiting to use basic rooms.  The staff interactions saddened me the most. Passively the only effect here is that everyone spends 40% of their time pooping.  Actively events happen and then you get 2-4 dialogue options which as far as I know don't do a thing.  I was hoping for characters to get in spats or at least make decisions that impacted their lives in some way other than giving them enough pills and bathrooms. Right now you will just fly the same routes doing the same missions over and over, grinding, grinding, grinding.  This game had a lot of potential, but exited early access in the same form as when I started playing it.TLDR: repetative, grindy, does not live up to my expectations."
,Not Recommended,320340,17369505,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bullborn,"Buggy, unbalanced, tedious, repetitive. While the core concept is sound, the game execution leaves a lot to be desired."
,Not Recommended,320340,22511674,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,paolo do morro,"No more early access for a while...So this is what happens if somebody takes your money and doesn't finish the thing they set out to do. Thanks for taking the cash though. At least that part of the deal got finished.Apart from that, decent idea, fun for a while, but nowhere near finished. I think, part of the enjoyment was projecting what it *should* (and, of course, soon *would* do). Knowing that this is as it is going to be, stay away. There are still better things even while on sale."
,Not Recommended,320340,23177221,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gamphar,"Minor good part :+ The idea space ship management is kinda ok, you can be pirate, you can be trader, you can be transporter, you can be smuggler with kinda good gameart.+ The random generated appearance of the crew is good... but need more base model, I found like total 8, 4 for human m&f...or maybe more...Minor bad part :- Sometimes missing UI sound fx.- Crew sometimes gone missing.- Crew sometimes idle too much.Bad part :- Boring at traveling, you almost do nothing here and the thing make it worst is the traveling time is long enough to make me think ""jir, what the hell am I buying this game for?..."" (you know a few seconds different is too long for game with nothing to do).- Confusing travel system. I meant when I go to pretty far planet, the time I need is only like 3 days in-game time, but when I travel to a nearby planet I need like 7 days in-game time... and vice versa... the hell. And I can't decide my ship go left or right, annoying eh, why annoying? cus example if go left of the sun orbit you clearly see that is to far from your target planet but the game tends to take that route .... bam!!! *flying keyboard* DIE YOU STUPID AI!- You can not directly order a crew. So if there is emergency you can't take that being number one priority immediately.Note := No estimated times for multiple docking, no estimated prices, so if you need to deliver a requested good/s can be screwed often by not delivering it on time or the goods you needed are puking expensive than the reward you received, means no profit after the long journey. Dammit!!!= There is 8 different job skillscleaner, repairer, pilot, scientist, medic, shooter, hacker, cook= I think the max crew member is 8.= 10 different ship at the store with each of them had its own slot for Rooms, Turret, Cannon, Torpedo. But some does not at all of specific slot like no Torpedo or no Cannon or both.= More room type need to be researched first before able to use, but after finish it you need to buy it from someone store... okay, buying for the material I guess...= Only 3 type of weapons as the slot of ship described with each of it own ammunition... yeah rather boring with no variant.= If you think there is mining mechanic, then you got wrong game, this game only buy, sell or take by force... pirate... thing...= Each solar system consist 3 rings with each ring contain a number of planets. ring 2 and ring 3 are locked and need to be researched first.= Shield of the ship are not active all the time, kinda like some skill in MMO, need player command to activate it for a few seconds and cooldown. And in order the ship can use shield, player must have a shield room type and a hacker or maybe a other crew, ugh I forgot.= Very often what items/goods production in description of planet is not there when you really need them for completing your delivery mission even after your try to search it to a far away planet, and if your patient meter is not that high, I suggest steer away from this game.I got more than 20 hours of play-time are because when still in early-access I really support this game development, so every update I always try till I got bored... and now? things are not that great so yeah I'm not bother trying to get a single game achievement yet.Result : just boring traveling, and the battle is not as fun as it look like. The trader job is too, not that fun and rewarding... if you lured by the screenshots in the steam store, better look for friend and ask to borrow from him\her.not recom from me, but I do hope someone else creating this kind of game but with a lot of improvements. But thanks to the dev for trying, I know it's hard making a game for pleasing everyone, except you created it for your own enjoyment huehuhehehehehe."
76561197971951902,Recommended,320340,12880465,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SaturnFX,"For a early alpha game, I see lots of potential. Its been quite fun for the features already implemented.  Its a cross between evil genius, red shirt, and a touch of FTL.Still needs a lot of fleshing out to do, but certainly on the right track for a nice solar system resource strategy with a bit of RPG tossed in (hopefully they will develop more RPG elements..)"
76561198208270660,Not Recommended,320340,17496058,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DizzyStitch,"This is a great idea.  The shipbuilding aspect is very cool, and I like the fact that it is difficult to balance everything at once.  After a short time, though, it gets dull.  Eventually it gets to the point where the player is clicking through without reading the text or thinking about the decisions because they're all the same.  If there was more depth to the trade or combat, it would be more interesting.  Or if there was more drama between the crew - Sims style.  But it really is two dimentional in every way."
,Recommended,320340,16203153,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Gado2 Malam,"Greeting my fellow Cosmonauticans..this game is surprisingly fun and entertaining.. very recommended for those who like FTL with trading system :)even in this early access, this game is great and much potential on it. love the spaceship concept. cool space combat system and also the space travel system.give it a try.. :) you won't regret it"
76561197981478486,Recommended,320340,12158385,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,spacemanchuck,"Great game so far in early access.  I hope it does well, it has a lot of charm, great music, fun game play...  Very cool game."
76561198087755692,Not Recommended,320340,24400817,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,cjfincher,"I liked the mechanics of the game except for there's nothing much deeper than the surface which was wildly disappointing, combine that with the fact that a game I spent hours on was ruined by bugs and there's no way to resolve it. I Ignored the bad reviews and bought the game anyway. I completely regret that decision, I could have spent it on a more deserving game."
,Not Recommended,320340,17394151,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Xiupan,"So it's ""released"" now but still filled with bugs... Seems the devs just had enough of this game and wanted to cash out so they moved it from Early Access to Release. Totally un-optimized and has bugs galore. Avoid this dev and this stupid game. I'd return this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥but I bought it before the Steam policy was implemented..."
,Not Recommended,320340,28892749,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dewguru,"You start without knowing how to make showers to put in your ship, leaving the beginning of the game a fun time of striking crew members, to include the Research specialist, who leave your ship and drag out the ability to make and install showers in order to meet their needs.I don't recall it being this frustrating when I last played it when it was in Early Release.I can't recommend this for anyone any longer."
76561198121418475,Not Recommended,320340,24200183,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,longShotCat,"amazing concept, terrible execution- The game has tons of unresolved bugs- Gameplay mechanics are slow- after about 6hrs it becomes just boring repetition"
76561198004088983,Not Recommended,320340,21938336,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,eldrasis,Unfinished.Never will be finished.Buy something from a repuatable developer instead.
,Recommended,320340,12764059,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,bobtrees (skinhub.com),"I absolutely adore this game, it has everything I love about games in it. It has different values for different products made and consumed by different planets (for new players you want to remind yourself ""buy green, sell red""), it has a nice combat system, and a very fun sandbox mode.Now for the negatives, IT IS GLICHY! I crash every 10 minutes, during combat people run in place and teleport across the ship, when going across the galaxy your ship takes the longest route possible, and the looting system lets you take more cargo from a ship then they have.All in all, this game has tons of potential, but still needs some content fixes."
,Recommended,320340,12685942,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Dogmaticus,"This is one hell of a game already, and I can't wait to see it develop further, but... let's start with the begining.Cosmonautica is a unique combination of many genres. You need to manage the space and modules on your ship, you need to hire/fire/promote (or simply: manage!) your crew, get missions, trade, think, if needed - fight. All the things you do have even visual impact on your ship (which can currently be customised in terms of what facilities it has, where they are placed, but also in terms of visuals, and more features such as customizable crew uniforms are coming!), which isI' great, and reminds me of the games from my childhood in early 90's.As said - it does remind me of the games from my childhood - it combines the traits of sea faring games with the fun factor of management sims such as Airline Tycoon, and all that with a pinch of interstellar adventure.. it's almost as if Privateer met Airline Tycoon, with just a bit of Pirates! for the taste ;).I'm really impressed with this game, and I only started playing it. I believe it's definitely worth 10 Euro to pay for, as it's already very enjoyable.So... don't hesitate, buy it, and have fun!"
76561198022263223,Recommended,320340,15008172,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,jeandeaux,"This game is very similar to a childhood game I really enjoyed playing called Psi-5 Trading Company, so I'm quite excited to see a new spin on an old favorite.  I'm sure there's a few tactics to game play I've still to figure out, but overall I am enjoying the game.  Granted the game is still in early access, but there's a few minor things I'd like to see polished and improved upon.1) The crewman are worse than real life humans, spending more time away from work than actually doing their work.  In the four shifts available, they cannot stay at their station for a single shift.  Even giving them but one shift to work and 3 off, they are late to arrive and must leave early to eat, sleep, or be merry.  I've clustered these rooms together for efficiencies but that doesn't appear to help resolve any issues.  Tighten up the reigns on these slackers a bit, I should at least overwork them before they leave their shifts early.2) Combat needs to slow down time.  Currently entering combat time just keeps flying by, taking 4 or 5 days to complete a single encounter.  Crewman are abandoning posts to eat, dump, and sleep, and rightfully so if you've got to sit at a turret for 5 days.3) Galaxy map needs more tools, mainly to flag if visited and how much research has been done.  Once I left my starting galaxy, I was never able to find it again or the galaxy keeps resetting to unexplored each time I left it.Otherwise, I'm enjoying this managment style of game."
,Recommended,320340,23840819,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,6h0s7y,"I played the Game not as much as other here did, but i can understand both camps.The Game is playable at it's current state of development, but there also a lot of Bugs and a Lag of Content.There are 3 Types of Ships only with 3 Different Classes (exclusive the Beginner Ship)You only have a few Rooms and most of time only updates for the Rooms and no UpgradesYou have 3 Different Types of Weapons but no Weapons ChoicesThe Research takes to Short for my Opinion (after 3-5 Hours you have the half of all Rooms and Updates)You can't save by Your-own, the Game saves everytime before a Battle, Landing on a Station or take-offThe grafik seemed not to be made for HDsome of random events are funny, some do nothing, some get on my nerves and some just waste my time.So is it Good? i think no.Is it Bad? and again no.it's an indy-game, nothing to play the whole time, but if you want to skip time, and have fun on Spacecraft-Sims this ist one right choice.If you search for an Full-SpaceCraft-Sim you are wrong here, it's an indy.If you search an economy-sim you are wrong again, yes it have part of economys, huge parts but its not a full-economy-game."
,Not Recommended,320340,31459612,Posted: 30 April,all,Mr. Pain,"Unfinished abandonware ditched by an incompetent developer in way over their head. It's a terrible, monotonous game in it's current (and final) state of development and is not worth ANY price."
76561198054497740,Recommended,320340,15628297,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,phantomFractal,"I am really enjoying this addictive little space sim.  The atmosphere is relaxing and casual. There are a lot of bugs still as this is in early access and the game crashes every so often (sometimes frequently). That being said I have enjoyed it thoroughly in early access. I recommend it to anyone who gets in the mood to play games like The Sims or Banished as both of these games are addictive, relaxing, and have a respectively low learning curve as compared to some more complicated city builders out there. Right now it is enjoyable enough discovering the best strategy to earn more income to upgrade your ship, give crew members raises, or hire more crew members. As they gain experience they have increasing needs beyond the basic fulfillment of hunger, sleep, hygiene, toileting. If they are unhappy or do not have their needs met they will become sick and unable to work. It oftentimes becomes a balance to build items/rooms that meet their needs vs. items/rooms that can generate more income.  More specific ways to generate income beyond general trading of items from one planet to another include: delivering passengers planet to planet, smuggling of illegal goods/persons, and space combat. These are some of the dynamics you will find as far as gameplay is concerned. I look forward to more content in the future."
76561198006446300,Not Recommended,320340,17481819,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,W32.Beagle,"Unfinished. Tool tips would be nice, some explanation of many features, etc. Also: If you have to build a fast forward feature to make the game play tolerable, maybe you should make the game more interesting to play or watch instead? There are some amusing bits but overall wait a bit and hope they finish it.Re: The crash problem, yes its dumped me a couple times, but the save feature seems robust enough to recover without much pain. Not a reason to avoid the game if it is your thing."
76561197970480286,Not Recommended,320340,17355525,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Wh1ppet,"I would like to recommend this game as a cute time passer in a genre that hasn't had a really good contender I'm aware of since Space Lanes in the late mid-90s.  It seems to have all the right pieces for making a fun game, but at it's current, no longer early access, stage, I cannot recommend it for 1 reason.It lacks any form of instruction manual, documentation on how to play or tutorial... So, it simply does not tell you how to play it, and though 80% of it is pretty intuitive, that leaves about 20% of the game that leaves even a veteran gamer like myself going WTF?(Added: I keep seeing claims in the forums that there is a tutorial that makes perfect sense, though even some that say that say they needed to read every message from your ship's robo-bird at least twice to catch it... The supposed tutorial is imbedded in the rest of the chatter in the game and I found it hard to follow, and sorely lacking in anything but the most basic instructions.)"
76561198050433002,Recommended,320340,17463724,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,rcjenn40,"First came The Sims, then Sims Medieval, and now it's...SIMS IN SPACE!Or at least that's what you'll instantly think when you start this game.It's a relaxing, casual space-faring game of trading, building skills, taking care of the needs of your crew and optional combat missions.You don't need to fight at all if you don't want to, but as of the time of this review, the Easy Combat mission, which constantly gets offered at various stations is a veritable quick and easy ATM machine to print money for ships and upgrades.Looking past that one flaw...or feature, depending on how you look at it...the game will easily fill the occassional itch of armchair space captains who just want to wander space completely on their own terms and play style. It has both a storymode and sandbox mode, and all of the ports of call have missions to undertake if you feel so inclined. If not, then just fill you holds with cigarettes and beer and head out.Has a multitude of solar systems to discover, quite a few ship layouts in three basic styles; trader, cruise ship, or warship and many room types and upgrades.All in all, a fun, relaxing, casual space-faring romp for those players who just want to play the way they personally enjoy, and really, what can be better than that?"
76561198026101679,Not Recommended,320340,17509568,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,GrizBe,"I regret buying this game. While I want to love it, there's so many things its bad at, it sucks the enjoyment out of the game.TL:DR : Bad balence, bad optimisation, and crash ridden. Don't waste your money.Edit: As of the most recent patch (1.1.8) which has taken nearly 2 months since the games launch, none of the crash bugs I've experienced have been fixed. Its still bug ridden and one to avoid.Edit 2: As of patch 1.1.9, which claims to have fixed the crash bugs, i'm still getting crashes every 20 minutes or so of gameplay.The overall concept is good. Get ship, hire crew, travel galaxy, make money, upgrade ship, uncover mystery, repeat. Unfortuantely almost every aspect of that falls flat. If you don't have a crew with matching needs, they will end up fighting and going on strike. Trading is a grind with a pretty much none existant economy. Transport the highest cost goods the planet exports to another and you will make profit. Upgrading your ship? I'd completely finished the research tree before leaving the starter system. And combat? Its either laughably easy or a total grind. There is no in between ground with it.The game promised to be 'Sims in Space' with an upgradable ship and trading. What you get is 'grind while you wait'. Its repetative, overly simplistic and dull with little to no replay value.So your hours in game? My time was spent having to restart or reload nearly every 20 minutes as the game WILL crash at some point no matter what your doing. Buying goods? Game will Crash. Upgrading Ship? Game will crash. Just flying at low speed through space? Game will crash.Its badly optimised, badly balenced and a bad waste of money."
,Recommended,320340,12144695,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Rhizic,"Space Channel 9 visiuals aside this is the best Firefly-esk game I've gome across and it's still early doors, lot's of fun to play and definatly worth a go."
76561198012923593,Not Recommended,320340,31510815,Posted: 2 May,all,Blech,Abandonware
76561198133729083,Not Recommended,320340,12606234,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,themortgagedon,"Although I would like to like this game , as of now in development ( Oct. 23 2014), I can not reccomend it. It was fun for a few hours, but after that, I found alot of unfinished items, and was boring.For the sim like experience they don't do or are effected by much, they: eat, sleep, poop (alot), and do their work thing. What buggs me about this, is if they are not doing thier work at the time it is needed for an outcome, such as hacking to reduce the chance of being caught doing illigal stuff it does not matter paying for them to tag along. All you really need is a pilot, a robot cleaner and a robot repair.Simes: Medic: useless, Repair and cleaning: replaced by bots, Shooter: combat broken so uselessCombat: I made a fully equiped combat version of the combat ship, fitted it out and had multiple shooters, hacker, pilot. Results were that it is nearly impossible to hit pirates, by the time you get thier shields low your pilot is done, can't fly and they all have to poop , eat, and sleep, so they are incapasitated so navigation is zero. All I ever do now is flee and sometimes that don't work because the pilot navigation will go down due to over exhaustion.Trade: buy green arrowed items, sell red arrowed items. Other than that there is no real way of determining if something will be very profitable other than the planet arrows.Illigal trade, need a hacker to get you past cops that ""randomly"" check you every time you carry an illigal item.Passengers, make sure you can get to the destination on time before you accept and if you need to go pick them up somewhere else first.Science: researching the only thing availabe in the game which is planet discovery is not very useful. Trade there is the same so the cost of going there in crew costs is not worth it really, and they expect you to deliver mission items in the same period of time as closer planets so alot of them are impossible. All other research is not there and unfinished.Game crashed on me 3 times so far. This is a 1/2 gb game... wtf? I have a new msi 2013 gamming laptop with a dedicated card that can play most anything and should not crash my entire desktop. It works on the intigrated graphics as well when it don't crash. Have had artifacts of other menues when switching from one to another.Last thing I would say is there is not alot of customization really other than filling th room slots, so once your rich , there is nothing to upgrade, and no reason to upgrade. Like I said, boring.Unless there is a ton more work done to make this more dynamic and make the combat work, I cant see it getting better, even with the patches making the game to it's targeted 100%. I dont think It has alot of replay value. Devs should play some sim titles  / cities to give them an idea or two and eve online.  I would also suggest a turn based combat system since it would mabe work better, feel fair, and mabe suspending the sim toilet, sleep, food, requirements while its going on. GL."
76561198028469019,Not Recommended,320340,25217152,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,KahnWolfe,"I bought this game when it was on sale because... well lets be honest, it looks good and has some funny aspects to it including the character descriptions. I have put a few hours into it, but only a few for a very good reason. While the game has a lot of potential, at this time, it is still extremely unstable as I have suffered multiple crashes. Highlighting planets can crash it. Entering a space station can crash it. Trying to view your crew menu can crash it. Entering combat can crash it. That said, it runs very well for quite some time, then crashes. Try doing something else and it instantly crashes. It seems extremely random as some times it can run for a couple of hours without issue, while other times it can't go ten minutes without blowing it's own brains out.THAT aside... I still can't say I reccomend the game. I wouldn't say not to play it as it can be fun, but I can't really endorse it either. I have spent 3 times as long playing the campaign as I have in playing sandbox. I have progressed 5 times further in sandbox than the campaign. For whatever reason the campaign while designed to be a tutorial, seems to rather just be an entirely crippling handicap. It's very frustrating because while it entertaining to play and I would love to spend more time on it, but between the irregular crashes and the entire handicap of the campaign I just can't get into it. If they can figure out how to release a more stable version, I might be interested. The campaign though is SOOOO crippling that it isn't even funny."
76561197993163969,Not Recommended,320340,25537994,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Scuddles,"This would be a positive review if this were an indy game still in development.  Early access type of thing.This is BUGGY for being a finished product - I am totally disapointed.Beyond that, seems like this has little to no play testing and balancing.With that out of the way - this is a pretty fun little space trader - I like the concept and love how they've taken a silly approach to this.  Just needs more content/variety/control - this feels like a shareware demo from the 90's."
,Not Recommended,320340,21320414,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Sirus,"This game has so much potential, but it gets under my skin at the path finding ability and a few other things.Many times I've lost missions, profits, and time because for some reason this game will chart a path to loop around the ENTIRE solar system before landing on a planet that is RIGHT NEXT TO YOU.  So what should have taken maybe 2 cycles becomes a 7-8 cycle trip.This game is not enjoyable in it's current state. Might visit again later when this whole path finding issue is resolved."
,Not Recommended,320340,21317789,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Glamgeekgirl,Pro: Nice little space sim with whacky sense of humor.Con: Space combat is excruicatingly slow and the controls are sluggish. Ruined the game for me.Also buggy and no longer supported.
,Not Recommended,320340,22143547,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,gorch,"Good idea. Good enviroment. Good potential.Bad gameplay.First of all, it's mosty about trading. Buying some stuff for cheap and selling high. It does not matter what you buy, trading goods (even illegal weapons) have no use except for selling. Names or types of the goods that you carry are not important. You just buy it from a planet's shop owner and sell to another. Actually, all the planets are the same: same shop and the same salesman. The whole universe, except for the planet icons on the map, all the same. Same dock, same station, same shop, same armory.The campaign and the story is also not complex nor dedicated. It's just some elements from the sandbox mode.So, what you do in this game universe are, also limited:- Buy some goods and sale them.- Carry some passangers to another planet.- Shoot some bad guys and their ships down. (Totally random. The ships and their captains always change. eg, if you're after -let's say- smuggler Xenopod, each time you catch his ship, or her, it's a different ship with a different guy/girl claiming to be Xenopod..Combat scenes are a bit entertaining, but since it has no purpose at all but earning some money and loot, gets boring.There are alien races. And religions. But it only has a meaning for your crew's internal relations -love or hate-. That's it.There are no states, no unions, no factions, nothing at all.Summary: It's a universe full of random ships flying by with random missons on dozens of clone -same- planets.Should buy it: No, not yet. Wait to see if they improve it. Or the price fells down.. like $1 or $2.."
76561197982921379,Not Recommended,320340,20765545,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ByteGateZero,"This is beyond redicolous, it is very clearly a tablet game that is Very overpriced for what it brings to pc. They offer you to sync games between devices but forget to mention it requires you to pay a Perverse overprice on both tablet and pc. This game cost about 5 timnes what it should, stay Far away from it, theese devs are Extremely greedy !!"
76561198044053992,Not Recommended,320340,18677707,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hrodgard,"I cannot in good conscience advise this game to anyone. The game runs too well to claim that it is broken ... but barely.Every 1-2 hours of playing you will crash, there is no avoiding it. Reload from the last auto-save, do every action you did before the crash and you will crash again, forcing you to change the way you want to play, resulting in failing missions and losing credits.There is no use for me to go in detail about the game (enough reviewers before me have done that),  just know that this game is as stable as a Reliant Robin."
,Recommended,320340,19596969,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,WhaleOne,"OK so there's plenty of bad and good for this game. Let me lay my opinion on the line here from a couple of hours of initial gameplay (Which I have no doubt will grow to a few more [albeit modest] hours in the future)This is a casual game by far. In that sense I've personally found it rather zen. You've no doubt gotten a fair idea of what the gameplay is. You manage a crew in a basic sense aboard your vessel. You travel around, first, one solar system trading, smuggling and fighting to accrue money. This cash goes towards bigger vessels and more capability to extend your activities further abroad. Beyond that overall premise, you have to manage the crew you use to staff said craft and their relationships and needs. As they become more skilled they require more effort to keep them satisfied (A feature which, thanks to a recent addition of bonuses, you can come close to bypassing to an extent early on if the money is flowing),If you are someone like me that's happy to provide a narrative (Other Dwarf Fortress and Paradox Grand Strategy players will understand) for the game you'll enjoy this, but superficially. There's plenty of capacity to do so but it is provided with a quite limited depth.There's a comedic element to the game which works quite well, but I personally don't take that in too much as (as mentioned above) I enjoy supplying my own narrative to the game. That being said it provides a level of enjoyment to the game even if it can be found to reduce the 'immersion' factor.To give a TL;DR overview though, if you are looking for a relaxing game set around Captaining a ship and crew while jaunting around getting into whatever adventures you see fit, this is a great game to destress to. If you want more complexity in your zero-G adventuring, check out the X series or EVE online.All being said and done, with the above caveats, I will recommend this title as a simple, enjoyable and satisfying experience. Additionally, the devs seem to be taking comments on board and working to adjust gameplay in an ongoing fashion.PS. A couple of things that I think this game requires:- The ability to speed up time to a greater extent- More intricate and involved crew requirements and procedural command events (There are some, I hope there will be more as I go on)Overall, once again, I've found this a relaxing and satisfying game. It will likely get repetative in the future (And I will update my review accordingly) however that's the lot of a ship captain in reality isn't it? Haul cargo, wash rinse and repeat with a dash of combat and smuggling to make it interesting. If the devs continue to update accordingly, it will continue to satisfy unless you're looking for an ultra-deep and complex experience. In that case, look elsewhere."
76561198020361069,Not Recommended,320340,24037427,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Unluckystone,Crash-happy abandonware with hipster dialogue.Not even worth the $4 on sale.
,Recommended,320340,12660758,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Maxwell,"pretty cool game, much like Startopia,even in early access it has amazing graphics you wouldn't expect from a indie game, only run into one bug so far thats a new record!"
76561197991472960,Not Recommended,320340,17058486,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Blondi,"game is lacking content.there is no storyline to speak of. its poorly balanced, and there is nothing to get wild about except for the concept and the artwork.....it looks great, it plays funny, but after spending some hours, you will notice that this game has it all, except any combat, trading or content whatsoever...its a good concept, but it just needs content.... and ALOT of balancing.. since having always profit in a trading game, is just a big no no...its a good placeholder, but i cant recommend it atm."
,Not Recommended,320340,26487646,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ohernia,Game was abandoned and not finished...
76561198124305915,Recommended,320340,17366806,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,II Sunny II,"THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE EXPERIENCED SO FAR IS THE RANDOM CRASHES THAT OCCUR.Apart from that, its a really good game, so I would definitely recommend. I just hope they fix the one problem soon!"
,Not Recommended,320340,17391835,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Kinilan,Pretty straight forward trading game with grinding in place of content worth unlocking. It feels unfinished
76561198034904690,Not Recommended,320340,28381447,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,clahja,"Stay away, I love sim games but this one stinks. I gave it the good old college try, even obtained a real nice ship, but micro management is hard to get used to. Then suddenly it thows space combat at you, you fail due to no instructions on the matter, and then suddenly game over. WTF?"
,Not Recommended,320340,21063605,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MiscOne,"First i was Impressed and it was like a game i was looking for. The Art Design and the idea behind this game is great, but as you begin to fight you lose any will too move forward. Its not fun its just a time wasting interaction where i can just press fire and dodge. Again and again and again and this....100 times. And then i got my Reward of 4000 CR....4000!!!! No sorry i dont have the time to ""fight"" that long without any tactital setup. Why not let the ""AI"" do this by its own?"
76561197972563559,Not Recommended,320340,21540251,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,grimley_tolanes,"It has been over 90 days since there was an update, and nothing new has been posted on the Developer's Website about anything, since November 21 of last year.  This title has slid it's way towards abandonware.Which is really sad.  The art style is really very cool, and there is real potential for this to be a game with the ability to cause you to be late for work . . . but it certainly isn't there.I can't recommend this title yet.  Perhaps if development were to start again, but I have my doubts."
,Not Recommended,320340,20314803,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Arconius_R9,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.  But after 7 hours or so, I've come to the conclusion that what it really needs is to be taken off the shelf, put back into beta and given a much more thorough round of testing, because there are too many issues that need to be resolved.The economic part of the game looked interesting and I love the idea of managing crew in flight, but it's also tuned so tightly as to be very unforgiving of small mistakes, and managing the ship started to become more frustrating than enjoyable, especially with some obvious bugs showing up on various screens.  When I tried to do a combat mission the game crashed.  I was able to reload and try again, but the combat system was so frustrating that I finally had enough.Sorry guys, but if you want my money, you need to do better than this.  I cannot recommend this game in its current state."
76561197999763185,Not Recommended,320340,20996121,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,austinious,"The campaign is clunky and ends up being VERY predictalbe.  The trading is the SAME between all systems.  The missions are boring.  Oh, and this game crashes A LOT!  I would avoid this like the plague.  Graphics are okay, crew interaction is good, but way too easy.  I was ablt to always keep my crew happy with virtually no effort.  Again, avoid."
76561198088489501,Recommended,320340,12705375,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,marbeltoast,"Cosmonautica has the kernal of a good idea about a space trading game laced with pirate fights and bribes buried under a few odd features. For example, the game makes it hard to tell whether you would make a profit from trading missons, as all you have to go on regarding the average price of a trade good (before you buy it, that is) is a red arrow pointing left (which I have since discovered means ""Sell here"") and a green arrow pointing right which means ""Buy here"". The game itself gives no clear indication over which means which, and I had to find this out on my own.Another part that could use some work is the tutorial messages, as some of them pop up at the most random of times and because of this make little sense (for example, my robot parrot AI talking about whether or not I enjoyed my trading mission when I'm in space delivering trade goods.) But the biggest problem with the tutorial messages is there is no-where I can go to read 'em when I need 'em, and a player is left with only their memories of how certain things work and what we are trying to acheive.But the biggest problem I find the game has is the problems I run into midflight.Part of the game's challenge comes in the form of having to feed your crew, and keep your crew clean, and give them somwhere to sleep. But your crew operate on a very strict time-schedule, seperated into four segments when they can be either working a skill they have such as cleaning or repairing or piloting your vessal, jobs that have to be done, or keeping themselves alive and not-so-smelly. A problem with this is, when a scheduled relaxation or work segment ends, they drop whatever they were doing regardless of whether they completed their task and get onto the next one. A little margin for error would be nice, so my alien-pastafari can finish it's shower and not have to cook food stark naked and coated in soap. (but seriosly, if they fail perform their tasks then it becomes a consistant problem and they start skiping work to nap or whatever.)On the topic of these time windows, it would be nice if we had a button that both paused the game and let us re-allocate tasks and such without worrying about whether or not Robby hood in the cargo hold is gonna starve if we don't have a pilot at the wheel to get us to his santuary on time.Now, a lot of my complaints are about what might or might not be intentional features of the game to make it harder. Which is why my last nit-pick is: Why is there no diffiiculty slider? This might be indicative of me being outisde the target market for the game, being worse than some at gaming, but at the end of the day, I bought the game and I'd like to make it further than the first rim. It's wise to either add a diffuculty slider for us less good gamers or make it more obvious that one failed trading mission can drive you to total bankrupcy, and that this game is for people who are gluttons for punishment.You might think after reading all that that I don't like Cosmonautica, but that's just not true. I like it, I just don't know if it likes me. It needs work, yeah, but it could be a great game one day, once it loses it's bumps and blisters."
76561197962192419,Not Recommended,320340,22605157,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Jeembo,Dev's have pretty much put this project on the back burner & it's clearly unfnished.  I recommend looking elsewhere.
,Recommended,320340,13218115,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Trelokomeo,"Still needs some work for sure and more ships with more spaces. Enjoying it so far but seems like crew needs are bugged.Update Dec. 17 2014Enjoy the game play and where this game is going. Developers seem to care and listen to what the players have to say and updates are regular. Most of us know how rare it is with the Early Access games, I dont feel ripped off in the least."
76561198051784433,Recommended,320340,18660502,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Poffoop,"Ive surely had lots of fun with this game, I can really say it's one of the games I've had the most fun. Even if it's a fun game, I've finished story mode within 18 hours and after that there's nothing much left to do,you can actually continue your game after finishing, but it gets repetitive and boring.The game's soundtrack is AMAZING! I'd listen to it while playing other games."
,Recommended,320340,12520715,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Abandor,"Really awesome game! Played it for a while now and I have to say I am completely awed by it :-) Setting and visuals are funny and great, the possibilities thrilling and the amount of small details is just awesome!The devs are constantly updating it and even showing a cool countdown in the menu, for how many days are left until the next update. Brilliant idea! All early access games should do that!All in all, really neat game that I am super excited about and, which from here can only get even better and better!"
,Not Recommended,320340,31979401,Posted: 26 May,all,JoeyDrummer17,"So developers set this up as an early access, took loads of money, realised they didn't know what they were doing (or possibly realised that their scam had gone to far) and released the game full of bugs, and problems.They could have made the game free, but in the hopes this can be a quiet revenue stream while they've set the price point low enough that you could buy it and be annoyed enough not to do anything about it."
,Recommended,320340,12723756,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,SirCharming,"It has a really really good future but if contents are increase.. i mean.. think old school games.. This game is so uniqe! Cute and serious! with action or rpg! this depends to you! but this should be a content game! i know dev team is working on fixes or mechanics.. sth like.. but there should be another team works on more and more content.. chats.. mini stories.. on planets.. i mean in an hour you can learn all planets tricks and chat.. This shouldnt happen even in free roam.. but its too much for dev team.. there should be another team for that.. If contents increases this game gonna be LEEEGaan... ""not yet"" want to see some signs..ps: if there is accept my appoligies"
76561197994132576,Recommended,320340,12674016,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Pennywise,"this game is a tongue in cheek, casual version of EVE Online mixed up with a sort of city sim, only for your ship. the various easter eggs are funny and the format is actually fun if you like this type of games. that being said, its still in Alpha and there are still bugs, (scrolling bars getting stuck in particular), theres not much gamedepth at this moment and the missions are repetitive. you could buy it, and for 10 euros its not a bad deal, especially if the content will increase at a steady pace."
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,320340,21404507,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Layla,Boring abandonware.
,Recommended,320340,14989938,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Muscat,"This game has a ton of promise, but I think it's going to come down to the campaign (in progress as of writing this) and the tech tree, as well as a few other items.  The developers are VERY in tune with the community.  Support these guys; buy early and play the tutorial (basically the beginning of the campaign) and try out the trading system."
76561198030978257,Not Recommended,320340,17408443,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,FartherSkies,"It has game breakingmechanicthat if encountered will render your game uncontinuable.SPOILER: Basically if you're a trader and have a cargo type class ship you can't runaway from a specific encounter because you're ship isn't far away enough (even if you flee for 20 minutes.) Worse is that crew will usually go away from post because of sleep mechanic during fight, and you're basically stuck in a forever fight. Event seems to dictate fleeing as the only option; I've tried fighting but no damage is dealt.I mean if it's a forced event, the game shouldn't rely on regular gameplay triggers to continue the campaign.It's too bad, because I did enjoy the simple mechanics of the game, else I wouldn't have logged past 10 hours. I asked for a refund, not sure if/when I get it but I've logged around 18 hours.Bugs I can forgive (if not game shattering) I mean who writes perfect code. Difficulty I won't complain about. Mechanic that breaks the game, that's just bad design."
,Not Recommended,320340,28250398,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Oshirigami,"Really broken. Not even an alpha, yet it left early access.Tried to get a refund even though I played less than 2 hours of it after it left early access, and Steam wouldn't give me one.This game wouldn't even be worth the money at 90% off."
76561198060804407,Recommended,320340,13720701,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rin Mathews,"Hello,I've noticed a few bugs so far:1. When I resumed a saved game, all of my crew were standing on the roof of my ship running in place, I also saw this happen to a youtuber who played this game.2. Whenever I finish combat, my ship no longer has a destination anymore and is just floating in space. I'm not sure if this is a bug, or if you just designed it that way...3. Although this only happened once in 5 hours, one time when I went to a store to sell things, the slider still slid back and forth with my mouse after I stopped clicking, leading to the problem that the accept button is all the way on the right, so i couldn't sell. Accepting the 'sale turned into a purchase' didn't fix it, niether did leaving and coming back, quiting and restarting worked though4. Right after the bug above happened, I experienced an issue where when I clicked on one of my crew members, the portrait suddenly started following my mouse, and I couldn't place it anywhere. Going to the NODE (which was my origional purpose) didn't fix it, niether did going to the orbital map and back, quiting and restarting did fix it however.The music is great, the graphics are great, the gameplay is fun and addicting - although i'm not sure if it's lucrative to be a transport ship in this game: it takes up 2 cargo room for seating and you only get paid very little for the inconvinience it does to your trade. There aren't enough transport missions to be only a transport ship, and being a mix makes it harder to trade with little payoff for transporting. I reccommend just increasing transport mission pay by 1-2000 and having at least 1 guarenteed in every port.Overall this is shaping up to be a fun space game where you can be a Bounty Hunter, Smuggler, Pirate, an honest Space Trader or a Cruiseliner captain, as long as the bugs get fixed and they install the new technology trees :D"
76561198070559270,Recommended,320340,14940669,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,pubturtle,"This game is much more fun than I expected it to be. Once everything is fleshed out in development I see myself getting addicted to it. Unfortuantly this is a work in progress and it crashes, ALOT. I'm hoping the devs get that worked out soon so I can experiance all this game has to offer."
,Not Recommended,320340,34638358,Posted: 31 August,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Tycoon&Simulator&Sim&CityAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Shallow gameplay, recycling of assets, confusing mechanics and clunky user interace ruins an audiovisually decent trading sim with base and ressource management. Too bad.Excellent first impression with nice art direction, sound, and what seems like a polished product. However there is next to no gameplay, with the sim elements of the crew mostly not existing, the micromanagement intensive nature of the randomly generated quests makes them laborious while the exploration just will send you to a bunch of copy pasted versions of the same space station at every planet with different inventory loadouts in the menus. I have a really hard time understanding how the import/export system work for space stations and how it affects their goods. Very disappointing.Kind of like Sheltered or Fallout Shelter. Except your bunker is a flying ship and you get to grind ressources by doing hotspot trading, buy low, sell high. Hard to keep track of who sells what, way too micromanagement intensive. Overall user interface is extremely clunky, hard to get anything done, and by the time you do you realize that your ship is specced wrong or that you went to the wrong planet to buy or sell. Quests are randomly generated and are fetch quests of various kinds and require different rooms (cargo, passenger). In theory as you grind you can unlock more ships which allows you to take a greater varied missions and you can hire crew which can become better. The sim-like aspect of the crew felt the most neglected. Also all locations are just copy paste version of each other with different spreadsheets for their quests and ressources."
,Recommended,320340,15035913,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Acharenus,"Sims light meets a space 4x game, surprisingly fun and addictive gameplay that's fairly easy to pick up with some depth.It's one draw back is it can be a bit unstable, constant autosaving means no progress is lost but it is a minor annoyance.Well reccomended."
,Not Recommended,320340,20109881,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Crossedfall,"The idea, as many others have pointed out, seems great and could be a lot of fun. But with lack of real direction and a majority of the player's time spent waiting I cannot recommend this game. I've since requested a refund, as I imagine the experience of waiting for the funds to be put back into my wallet will be very similar to what the game current has to offer."
76561198038468252,Not Recommended,320340,19978373,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ScaryBear,"Until they make leaving the first system worthwhile, it's way too boring. No high tier stuff in late game."
76561198015337264,Not Recommended,320340,19643660,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Rhev,"I love the idea of this game, but the implementation leaves a lot to be desired. I can not recommend this game.Cosmonautica does a lot of things right, unfortunately it does several critical things wrong.  The humor, the graphics, the sound, the visuals are all spot on and to be admired. It's a fun game to get into. But once you do, and get a little bit into the game, the flaws begin to show through and severely limit your ability to play.The biggest flaw I came across was a severe lack of balance and difficulty. This is a simple change that could be fixed with the addition of a difficulty slider. See, when you have a game where you trade for credits, that economic model needs to be spot on. Unfortunately even if you do everything 100% correct, the profit margins on trading are razor thin.In two hours of play, making only positive trades, I barely was able to re-attain the amount of capital (20k credits) I started the game with as seed money. Another hour and a half later and I was still only around the 30k. Now on it's own, this might be acceptable for some. A game where you have to micromanage razor thin profit margins and grind out credits might be acceptable. But this was all while I was making perfect trades and always turning profit. If you take a loss, at any time, it's absolutely devastating. After 3.5 hours play I got stopped by a cop and had a 15% chance of getting caught. RNG came up and I got caught. This caused me to fail my current quest, which penalized me credits, lost all my cargo, and was banned from that world for 15 days. The effects of this were absolutely devastating to my game, knocking me down well below the 20k mark just to get to a new planet, refitted, and get a new hold of cargo. IE one random chance event, that could only happen 3 out of 20 times, and I'd lost around two hours of gameplay.The further issue in the game is in the absolutely horrible combat system. You run out of ammo FAR too quickly, far more quickly than you can possibly take out even the weakest of pirates.  Forget about harder difficulty ships, you don't stand a chance. Ramming doesn’t even work, because the AI can avoid you forever.I think Cosmonautica has the potential for a good game, but it feels like an unfinished beta at this point.  I would HIGHLY recommend against buying this game at the current state it's in.  (v1.2)"
76561197965046644,Not Recommended,320340,35091213,Posted: 20 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A very basic Space Sim. I would recommend picking this up very cheap or passing as other games have offered a lot more and a lot better. The cool aspect of building your interior layout and redesigning your ship to either support a combat focus, transport or exploration is fun but after a while you start to feel like the experience is lacking, for example the combat is very basic having you just chasing or running away from your enemy until either of you are destroyed...sadly a few times the A.i would have a faster ship and simply run around you prolonging the battle.Overall I felt it's very lacking in the overall experience and after a few hours I just got bored as I felt nothing different as it just went in a cycle of Research, transport, Attack and repeat."
76561198047007925,Not Recommended,320340,35273204,Posted: 28 September,all,Massiah Jones,The game is not finished and never will be. Save your money and invest in a project that has been properly planned.
,Not Recommended,320340,31149793,Posted: 14 April,all,Graham,"This could have been a good game and has it's moments, but as the devs admitted in a recent post - it's unfinished and plagued with some annoying and game breaking bugs that make it too annoying to continue playing in the long run. Avoid."
76561198114328574,Recommended,320340,12589051,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,jrider1982,"I have already spent several nights playing this game. I am really liking it so far. Obviously it has some growing to do but I really like what I have seen so far and anxiously await each new update! I am a huge fan of the sandbox/management/space genre games, and if this keeps developing the way it is, it could easily become one of my top 10 favorites!"
,Recommended,320340,12364712,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Farm_Ecology,"Great game with so much potential. The prompts and menu items in the game clearly show what will be coming up, and it looks great.Really looking forward to later updates and features.The game is enjoyable as it is as a casual way to spend an hour or two, but has the potential to be more with future updates (from what is planned)>"
,Not Recommended,320340,26609445,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Razor of Odin,"The game is basically dead, it can be quite buggy as well.  I had high hopes for this game as the concept was interesting and it looked nice.  However, the developers have moved onto a new project without fixing the issues with this game."
76561198045147690,Not Recommended,320340,20392022,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,[ONS]Emanouche,"Very addictive trading sim with more depth than it seems... so why am I giving it a bad review? After 20 hours of gameplay I pretty much screwed myself in game because of game breaking bugs and had to restart a new game twice. Would love to recommend and has improved considerably since early access... but one thing I cannot stand in a game is hours of progress go down the drain because of game breaking bugs. fix it. EDIT 3/9/2017: Abandonware, devs recently apoligized for their crappy game while trying to set themselves up with the community for their next title... not chasing that carrot again."
,Not Recommended,320340,20433537,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Brindall,"This game sounded very interesting to me, but I quickly became bored and frustrated with it.  The trading was difficult and was more like gambling than a valid means of progressing in the game.  One might assume that buying a product in a location that was producing a resource, and then selling it at a location that desired the resource would provide at least a minimal profit.  Not so... it is quite easy to lose money.  After 21 hours of trying to make some good progress I found that the game is very time consuming and frustrating.  I usually ran into trouble with my crew long before I made any money, usually because I couldn't afford to provide for their needs.  I even tried illegal trading, smuggling, piracy... none of which worked.I think the game has potential, but is not worth the time right now."
,Recommended,320340,30932841,Posted: 3 April,all,Kliekie,"Did you ever heard of the game Gazillionaire back in 1996 or so? Well, this is pretty much Gazillionare 2, and I love it!People seem to be pretty negative about this game but I don't see why... It's a real challenge (I keep losing money, a lot..).You have to travel between planets and make profit with either combat, trading, passengers or a combination of those. Meanwhile you have to keep an eye on the status of your ship and crew, things tend to get really messy, broken and nagging! Even when you think you got it all right something random might happen and ♥♥♥♥ up your whole plan, just like real life.The good:- Amazing sense of humor, the developers seemed to be pretty high when making this game XD- Great art style, I love the cartoony touch!- While traveling between planets you can zoom in on your ship and just watch your crew working, it's a nice touch.The bad:- There are some small UI problems. When I was for example in the main menu and want to change my resolution settings I tabbed out back to Windows. When I tabbed back to the game some buttons were unresponsive. Restarted the game and all was fine again.- One time the portraits of crew members stopped showing up. Reloaded my save game and everything was back to normal again.- I would have loved to see some more explanation in tutorials. It took me quite some time before I actually figured out how research worked.I've picked it up at a sale when it was $2,- or so so you won't hear me complaining, got well worth of my money!"
76561198034279652,Recommended,320340,12162878,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Derrick Moore,"Wow, what a fun game, I'm very glad I bought this game.Other people have said it better, it's a sims-redshirt-etc like game, and is beautiful."
76561198123783241,Recommended,320340,12228338,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Fiona Goode,I love it! This game has so much potential and i really think this will be big in the future! Can't wait until its updated again!
76561198003147582,Recommended,320340,12201434,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jahulath,"This is a really good fun game, nice concept and given in a lovely, quirky, and compelling way - really excited to see where it goes, the bones are all there it just needs content!"
,Recommended,320340,13654530,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,xss,"This game is great.  It has space combat, The Sims style ""needs"", space tradeing and ships to customize, upgarde and do battle with.  It is still under active development and lots is changing, but even what is there now I had a blast with despite some odd bugs and wacky ship behaviors.  I can't wait till they fill in some of the features listed in the menus that are still in development."
,Recommended,320340,18476594,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,jay_foxie,"--Initial look--I first found this game on steam after playing 'FTL'(which I got bored of very quickly), then playing 'Space rogue'(which is basically FTL with better graphics but buggy as hell). The pics looked good, adds a trading and exploration element, as well as the ability to change up your ship in ports to suit your needs.All this combined with the fact that it was a steam greenlight game, the reviews were mixed(most of the bad ones just stupid little gripes about things that didn't even effect game play) and is currently $14.99 USD on steam, meant that it was worth the risk to buy and give it a go.--Graphics--At first glance I was disappointed with the graphics.That was until I took a closer look at the way it was done, the creators of Cosmonautica have taken a large attention to tiny little details and overlaid the entire game with a filter that resembles the horizontal lines you used to get with old LCD screens. Which in my opinion gives the game that old sci fi feel, like you're overseeing the play of the game from your own consol on the ship.--In game world--The map is large and unless you're playing in story mode is procedurally generated for that extra replay value. Each solar system map has four rings with a few planets, the starter ring and the next three that you can research to gain access too. Then you have your star chart, you start with one quadrant which usually has three solar systems in it, then you can research further star charts and expand your travels in world.--Game play/Controls--Controls are a simple point and click interface, most things are fairly self explanatory and everything else you just need to click on for a explanation or description.Game play is fun and addictive. You start off with a little ship and some money and have to fit out your ship from the start, choosing either to take a few passengers, a lot of cargo or split the difference. You will need to hire staff based on skills and wages, with added traits which can determine how well your staff actually get along.It all comes down to managing your staffs well being, meeting deadlines(or suffer a penalty) and making money to improve your ship or just buy and fit out a new one. Then latter on when you have researched a little and have enough crew to man weapons of shields you can ship goods into bad zones(careful of customs and their heavy fines), hunt pirates or just become a pirate yourself.--Story--Story mode is fun, you have a slightly psychotic robot parrot as your companion who gives you comical hints on what to do next or just randomly develops red eyes and starts screaming at you, sometimes in command code(and then apologises).--Overall--When I first started playing it had some bugs, but nothing that affected game play, usually just little things like a crew member doing one thing and the character tile saying they are doing another, that being said the developers at Chasing Carrots are at the top of their game and have any bugs fixed really fast.This is a great game and did everything the other games should have done and with a better look, style and with a comical twist(like space ships being modeled after actual ships).If you have played FTL or Space rogue and just got bored of it being the exact same thing over and over and over, give Cosmonautica a try.Again currently on Steam for $14.99 USD, the Apple store for $6.99 and Goggle play for $8.99 USDGraphics: 8/10 For style.In-game world: 9/10Game play: 8/10Story: 7/10Overall Score: 8/10"
76561198037363459,Recommended,320340,12133614,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,owaindavies1199,A very fun and quirky game. At the moment it is quite barebones but obviously it's an early alpha. However it has a lot of polish to say it's in its infancy. I'm quite excited to see what else it has to offer as the updates are released. I'd give it a 7/10 purely at the moment but once it's finished it should be a 9/10.
76561198080898035,Recommended,320340,12984072,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Tatts,"I love this game it is everything that I want in a small addictive game. It's funny and well thought out with so many options for progression. I chose to ferry people all over the galaxy and made my fortune doing that, others can be a pirate or a smuggler. I will say it does have some improvements to be made. The only fault that I have with it at this stage is that there is no ship class upgrades."
76561198029188055,Recommended,320340,12615237,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,lukebirkett113,"First, the disclaimer. This game isn't done. If they stopped working on it now, I wouldn't be playing for much longer. Three hours in, and i've just completed the prolouge, which is the current completion level of the story, but in order to more than quadrouple that time, all they would have to do is give me bigger ships. The sandbox mode is fun, but it's hard to keep in the black when really you have to pick your type of missions, trading, passenger transport, or raiding. It isn't possible as the game stands to play a little bit of all of them without limiting the crew's level, as this keeps their needs simpler.That said, gameplay is fun, and well worth the current price tag. 6.99 at time of review. For those of you fond of space sims, this one will tickle your fancy. Try it, you won't be dissapointed. (unless you go in expecting it to be finished, but chances are then you didn't get what early access was, and probably haven't bothered reading this)"
,Not Recommended,320340,30366367,Posted: 6 March,all,Lt. DanK,Bought the game for less than $5 and thought it was awesome; albeit repetitive... then found out they stopped supporting the game and will no longer update it instead of re-writing game and realized it was a piece of sh*t.
76561198003112998,Recommended,320340,15117941,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dr Ben,"This game is a blast.  It reminds me of an ancient game called Gazillionaire but Cosmonautica is a lot more rich and sim like.  This is a game that you can ""just one more turn"" yourself for hours.  I am looking forward to the finished version.  There are a few bugs in prelaunch version and that is to be expected but nothing that spoils the game.  I am really glad I stumbled onto this little gem."
,Recommended,320340,14640482,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,JestfulHam,"This game is DOPE it can only get better! You can battle (in space) Trade (in space) And Transport (IN SPACE) as well as illegally smuggle things....((((INSSSSSSPAAAACE!)))).they do regular updates and unlike other games they give you a count down clock in your main menu as well as a Recent update ticker that scrolls at the bottom of the main menu to let you know whats been added or fix ... ((IN SPACE))For nine bucks Early Access you cant go wrong. Its still early Access so it'll only improve.ATM theres a bug that you cant go to the other systems with jobs. (but they let you know when you try)I do wish there where more original crew characters and the ability to add/create your own, (i like adding people i know into games i play, If i can change there looks to id be thrill)Theres really not much bad to this game. BEST early access you could ask for.P.S Im sure the Devs got this covered...but... More ships...=) 5 out of 5 and i will review this game in depth soon @{LINK REMOVED}www.ehop22utube.Weebly.com=)"
,Not Recommended,320340,22755197,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Vorpal Hasselfrau,"Bad support, and the game is unfinished. The game promised so much, but the developers have abandoned it for another project- don't waste your money."
76561197975888939,Not Recommended,320340,22773529,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MooFreaky,"A great premise, but with an overall limited amount of gameplay.  For a space economy game there is nothing but a basic, static economy.   There is little reason/benefit to travel outside the starting system, and it really makes the game quite light.  The different methods of making money (smuggling/combat/trade) are far from even, with trade being the only actual option unless you want to switch later (and combat is incredibly dull and uneventful.  While smuggling is played exactly like trading, but with a chance of having cargo seized.  There is no way of doing it in any other manner).It looked set to grow into something impressive; however, the developers have had to spend the last two years fixing coding issues and have run into problems trying to expand the game (due to underlying issues with the initial progaming), which prevents them from doing any significant updates without doing a complete overhaul.  They aren't going to do this as they are moving onto a new game.The early access was promising.  But the game is incomplete and now abandoned."
76561198032799333,Not Recommended,320340,22835506,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,cromagnon2003,sorry... can't recommend this.Could be GRAT but it's certainly not. Here are the reasons:- It crashes every half an hour. Couldn't figure out why. No matter what.. it just freezes.- I'm a patient person but after seeing my crew striking because of hunger in front of an nice dinner with a 3 Stars Chef was to much.- You have skilled Gunners perating the Turrets and an highly skilled Scientist operating the Shield and they look very busy and cool but none of them did even come up with the Idea fighting back after beeing atacked by a pirate. The Gunner didn't shoot and the Scientist didn't raise the shields... that must be performed by the player... after figuring out what's going on I was just StarDust.There are many more little Features that summoning up... but I really have enough. Lucky as I was I picked it up with a large discount... so let's say:Nice try guys... better next Time.Greeting from SwitzerlandRobert
76561198045568647,Not Recommended,320340,23234457,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Terl,"They can't fix something they know needs work, so they don't deserve my business in the future."
76561197998532594,Not Recommended,320340,19897355,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Bad Kitten,"At turn 200 the game will not load from save.Turn 200 represents the point where you have unlocked plenty of tech and got into the story (as much as it is).So with the game well underway the saves will not load.Very, very bad.Finish the game in one sitting (about 8 hours or so) or dont finish it."
76561198028054160,Not Recommended,320340,27389606,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reticulan,"A game with a great deal of potential that really could have been something good if the devs had decided to stick with it. Instead they chose to basically tell thier customers to stick it somewhere else. Myself and many other customers who were ripped off by chasing carrots will never return, a major blunder for relitively unheard of developers."
,Not Recommended,320340,19921036,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Decompiled,"Nicely presented trading sim, but very boring. The interface is style over functionality, and the quests are really boring."
76561198068645604,Not Recommended,320340,19971772,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Zorcan,"Really liked the game. Tried it and got to a point where I made a bad decision, and... darned, can´t save, so can´t go back. Started again, same issue... third time, and yet again....There are some ways to save the games by going to the proper directory, etc... but it only works half the time. Also it doesn't seem serious NOT to have save game system in place.The having to wait does't really bother me as I´m sort of multitasking all the time :-), so I´ll flip to another window while I wait. but the having to hack saved games is a real put off for meI'm not recommending this game until they put a proper save game system in place"
,Not Recommended,320340,19982963,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Juice,"I hate to not recommend this but now have played it enough to get a decent feel, and reading the reviews of those who have played more, I can only imagine that I would regret putting anymore time into this game at this moment.  It has what I was looking for with trading, leveling up a crew, space battles, but everything seems so meanlingless.  I almost feel like this is a game I should be checking into every once in a while on my phone, not one that I would sit down and enjoy in front of a screen.I believe this game would be more enjoyable if there was a better tutorial system.  Luckily I have played somewhat similar games and was able to figure things out more quickly than a new comer to this game.I don't regret purchasing this game, I feel like for the money I spent, I got enough enjoyment out of it.  As much as I love the overall style of this game, its lack of depth or meaning isnt keeping me around."
,Not Recommended,320340,20051814,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jimmy Peru,"Just kinda drags on. Waited long enough for this game to grab me or just become truly fun,Like the style feels like it should be fun, and some of the writing did make me laugh, but the game quickly becomes like the music. Repetitive, annoying muzak. The core gameplay and progression needs a rethink and an overhaul. ESPECIALLY the combat. It's an absolute grind most of the time, unless you grind your way to a powerful ship which gets boring fast, you end up in a dull stand off which drags on for so long your crew actually fall asleep or die of a cold. Literally.It has an addictive quality which has kept me coming back on and off for about 10 hours, but that's probably because I'm depressed."
76561197972079648,Not Recommended,320340,20110040,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,kingorion,"On the face of it, it sems right up my alley.  Goofy humor mixed with some random acts of oddities.  Yet even though I've fought to love this game I simply cannot recommend it due to the BUGS.  Fail missions and your stuck with items and the obtuse trading information etc.  Combat appears to be a wasted effort at this point.  It lacks all the charm that FTL had, and brings nothing to the table."
76561198035187797,Recommended,320340,12484867,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,imperialzenta,"Decent game for the price point so far.Cosmonautica is a mix of sandbox trading RPG with a simple mission system.I like the abilities to add modules to the ship, hire crew with varied skillsets then level up.There are some glitches but it is an all around polished game for early access.Lots of potential here.I'll add more details as the game evolves."
76561198048268784,Not Recommended,320340,31463403,Posted: 30 April,all,Small_Bob,"The game is riddled with bugs to the point of being unplayable, and the cynical devs have given up on the game, essentially defrauding their customers. Don't even bother."
,Not Recommended,320340,31231457,Posted: 18 April,all,Zoron246,"Just another game that had promise but was ""completed"" too early and was left with loads of bugs. MOST of which break your game. I should have trusted my gut when I saw the reviews for other games from the devs of this. They have a history of pumping out buggy half crapped out games. Seriously....dont believe me? look em up. Every game of theirs is either mixed or negative because of all the buggy mess their games are. This game started off good. As it went each update made it worse and worse until the devs decided to FINISH it early and pretty much abandon it."
76561198066164292,Not Recommended,320340,14812695,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Asteraie,"Could really do with a basic overhaul of the combat system, if i could get my guys to autofire or have fire for certian weapons mapable to the keyboard would be great. still quite fun though. Really needs new weapons as a single torpedo is worth any number of other weapons.....With some minor tweaks the combat could be amazingly fun, right now really needs some workEDIT - The combat system needs a massive overhaul as its really boring to have to micromanage everything. If the developer can manage to automate the firing this could really help as micromanaging 3 different people means i dont get to enjoy the fireworks. More weapons are an absolute must the lack of variation on every ship you run into makes combat a very boring affair. Currently only 3 weapons and only 1 thats actually effective. lAlso there is no feeling of ever being threatened once you have a decent sized ship. A WANTED/bounty system causing you to be tracked by higher level combat ships who wanna rob your ship or arrest you would really spice things up. As it is nobody ever chases or targets you and you feel all your combat and killing the bad guys/transports doesnt have any lasting effect on your ship or character.Good game but deffinitely needs the developer to add a lot of content. He's got the core concept down and with some fairly minor additions could really have a gem of a game here. In its current state its not going to hold your attention for long but come release this could be a great title if the developer ups his game."
76561198055436377,Not Recommended,320340,18239762,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,J03L,"I'm a big fan of business simulation games, and a business simulation in space was just too attractive to pass up (or so I thought.) This game's fun, lighthearted art style and GUI are pretty much all that it has going for it. It is tediously boring, incredibly shallow, the game's progression is absolutely broken, and the campain is almost indistinguishable from the sandbox mode."
76561198072336810,Not Recommended,320340,21905114,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Trackelurium,"Lovely approach to a space sim, quirky and funny. But it doesn't feel right when I play it.More concerning is that the devs have moved on to other ventures. Thus we have a game with ""a lot of much potential"" that is not given enough man-tears and nerdsweat reach that very potential. Too bad!"
76561198068236524,Recommended,320340,20209482,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gruff,"This game is more like the original Elite than the new Elite. Vast system (via research) with several planets in each. Trading and combat isn't hard but ok. A main quest story line, which after done leaves the game open end. Several ships which are easy to customize the inside of. Crew members with 3 different skills that level up. Different things to research. It's not a complex game, but if taken for what it is then overall this is an enjoyable space game which is easy to pick-up and play."
,Not Recommended,320340,17427449,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,MercyKiller,"Game crashes like a highway on holiday season.Large world but lacking in content.Zero end goal.Combat appear to be tactical at first, but ends up being too simplistic (hint: just use torpedoes).Trade is simplistic and repetitive.Controls exclusively with a mouse, which makes the game feels a LOT like a mobile game.Additionally, there IS a ""Crosssave"" function, which apparently syncs the game with a mobile version.For a mobile game, this thing is $10 more than it's actually worth.Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,320340,22702488,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Vexa - The Man You Love To Hate,Abandoned
,Recommended,320340,22491020,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,tjb910,"SimTower meets PrivateerInteresting combination of game elements in a manner that shouldn't work, but somehow does.  Interesting range of ships (but needs to be bigger and include more classes), the commodity model is reasonable (albeit rather basic), very similar to the Privateer model of base types, except that this game allows for bases to be multiple 'types'.Crew recruitment and requirements can be counter-intuitive and frustrating, especially with limited options at each base and the need to build up a large crew over time.  I would have thought that having a crew that eats different things would lead to better harmony as they're not all competing for the same subset of the food supply (but that's me I guess).Upskilling crew has one SERIOUS limitation; you don't get to choose the additional skill you would like a crew member to learn if you want to multi-skill them.  This to me is a massive flaw and not representative of the real world, where bosses have a large say in what development paths you follow.  Additionally, the random assignment of special attributes is great during upskilling except that it introduces negative traits quite a bit.  I understand that as people become more specialised they can become less adept in other areas, but given that it's an upskill, at least have special attributes balanced; +1 something, -1 something else.Combat (before you're ready for it) is even more frustrating because the flee move doesn't seem to actually allow you to evade combat; it should if the game is to be properly balanced IMHO)Mission choices are extremely limited (like Privateer) but the class of missions seems to be even smaller.  Combat, smuggling, or delivery (cargo or passengers).  That would be fine if there was a larger range of destinations and missions to choose from, but there isn't.Finally, I think the biggest concern I have is that the Devs seem to have moved on to new projects, announcing there is no longer full time support going into this game.  Don't get me wrong; I like the game, but it's incomplete.  There are still some crashes that occur semi-regularly in the game, and there needs to be more content developed for the game to increase choice and range.  I'd like to see more effort put into getting this game right before new games receive focus.Pros:  Reasonably simple trading model, nice touch of ship management with crew, so long as it doesn't impact the flow of the game.Cons: Frustrating crew recruitment and upskilling, poor range of choice generally (ships, missions, new crew, pretty much everything), and no more full time support from the devs.While I recommend this game, I'd love a button for 'undecided'.  It's about a 55/45 split for me at the moment, although I intend to put more time into it to see if familiarity and learning curve change the balance somewhat.  Original fusion of ideas, but needs more polish."
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,320340,14996124,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,treycox33,"The game crashed... and then crashed again, and again and then once more. Sucks.UPDATE: After 2.5 hours of play, the ETA keeps resetting to the original tim(6.5,2.1,etc..), which makes it impossible for me to complete missions??? Was trying to like this game.UPDATE: game crashed again and once more, which makes me stupid for trying again!UPDATE:when your crew are at a high level, say 4, they get sick and die.UPDATE: I like the game and it has potenial, but I can't play longer than 30 minutes. My longest run without a crash was about 90 minutes. Good news, it does save close to where I was before the crash, but you have to restart the game every 30 minutes or so."
76561198117535360,Not Recommended,320340,17454348,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Gilmore,"This game keeps constantly crashing with no apparent fix to the problem. Don't get me wrong, the game is really addictive, but i cannot recommend it till the bugs and crashes are fixed."
,Not Recommended,320340,18745764,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Great_Snake,Not much to do at the moment. I really wanted to like this game and I was excited about buying it for a very long time and now I am dissapointed. I'll give it a try again next year maybe.
76561198040644553,Not Recommended,320340,17084247,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,almostpilot,"Game has been abandoned by devs. It´s a unfinished game.Despite the game show has great potential, good graphics, good content, unfortunately I can not recommend it now as this buggy in a way that does not allow me to play more than the time I played so far because there is a bug in the displayed interface when playing at 2560x1080, screens overlap and it is not possible to click on the options presented in the game.Even traveling through space, where you should spend most of the time, to set priority repair or cleaning of compartments your ship responsible for the crew, they do not follow it ...by these two factors (most the first) the game is over for me.It may prove to be a good game in the future when all the bugs have been corrected, but not now.THE GAME DOES NOT SUPPORT 21 : 9 screens!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,320340,17198569,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,HunterAP,"This will be a great game in time.  For the moment, it's crashing every 30 minutes.  Other people are having the same issue.  Once the crashing issue is resolved, I'll change my review.  For the moment, I cannot recommend it because the crashing is so frustrating."
76561198093215211,Recommended,320340,24298158,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Robertson Crusoe,"Cosmonautica.Well, I want to keep my review short and precise. This game is probably of the best Indiegames I have played in years. I saw the trailer and I placed it on my wishlist. A nice person gave it to me as a gift and after trying it, I was astonished. While it features basic game mechanics, there are a few aspects where it peeks out of the masses of other games:Humor: I play in my native language, which is german and it is refreshing that this game is filled with puns, tiny jokes and overall a great sense of humour. It feels like playing games like Theme Hospital, LucasArts Adventures, just filled with the lore of space movies, games, modern TV shows and so on. I love the dialogues and the perks and features the crew members have. Its funny. It just is.The writing: As said above, I love the dialogues. But not only them. Every character in the game seems to be ""handcrafted"". N1L the parrot, who might dream of electrical sheep, has is own personality just like the other character you meet. You can feel that alot of love went into this game.Soundtrack: I really love the spacy soundtrack. The sound in general seems to be of high quality and aesthetics.Animations: Looking at your crew making funny faces, going nuts, walking around the interior of the spaceship makes it feel alive. And I began to care for my crew which is always a good sign.Several ways to play the game: When you first start out, you have a basic ship but once you gathered some cash, its up to you which way you want to play. You can become a trader, a bandit or bandit hunter or you can just go for the luxury cruise line that transports partyhoppers and VIPs.Stability: In my 10 hours of gametime, I have encountered one bug. A strike symbol would not vanish even after the character stopped striking. I went to a spacestation, from there to the main menu, clicked on ""continue"" and the bug was gone. No gamebreaks. Solved in 30 seconds.While the game is missing some aspects, especially mod support, I dont regret having it in my library and I really like to play it. New content would be awesome and the possibility to create your own character to get sucked into the game even deeper. Aswell as new areas, space stations, crisises escpecially hitting the traders market and so on. But that could all be added with mod support.I would recommend this game to people who like space simulation games with tycoonish aspects. Grüße aus NRW nach Stuttgart. Das habt ihr toll gemacht. :)"
76561198016739532,Recommended,320340,15523055,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Chaser Zulu,"As a connoisseur of the space gaming genre, I can wholeheartedly say this game is worth your time and shows great promise.  This is very much part of a new generation of gaming where firing weapons doesn’t guarantee long-term victory.  In fact, most of my time has been spent reading, planning and doing a cost-benefit analysis (albeit a very quick 2 minute analysis) as to make the best next move.  Exploration, research, finances, crew comfort, scheduling concerns and weaponry are all in a day’s work as a Captain in Cosmonautica!"
76561198005403826,Recommended,320340,15510837,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,RogueM99,"To be simple, I love the game in it's current state. Even with all of the issues and the crashes. Iron those puppies out and you have me hooked for a long while. The description and videos you see will give you most of your value in whether to purchase or not. Gameplay lived up to the hype I created for it after finding this gem. Hire your own pilot, janitor, engineer and researcher. Buy and sell goods that can be transported from planet to planet. Manage your ship or the ship will manage you out of a job and into a game over. Take risks with missions in transporting goods that aren't quite listed on the legal side of the law. Don't get caught or you'll pay a hefty fine. Hopefully you have the money to bribe or pay the fine. If not, good luck building it back up again.You can add ""modules"" to the interior of your ship so that it is fitted with the right amount of crew space, cargo holds and necessities to control your space place. Change the name of your ship and the varying color scheme. Change the crews uniform color as well while you are at it.Overall I'm very happy I made this purchase and have supported what seems to be a very well rounded group of indie developers who are doing their best to deliver what was promised. I hope somebody finds this information useful.***UPDATE****After a few updates the game was running much better. Crashes were less often, almost non-existent for me.The problems I began to notice over a longer period of time playing related to the buying and selling of goods from planet/station to planet/station. It was very rare in the first solar system phase that I was able to make a profit on selling goods I purchased at locations that needed that maeterial. This was the biggest disappointment for me. The Contracts were interesting and had some thought put into them. However, managing the location you were headed, how long it would take to get there, how much money you have and whether you can afford to pay your staff, as well as what time limits you have on the contracts you currently have makes it very difficult to plan out a path to make the Contracts truly valuable.I've never had a very successful time during space battles. I haven't played a single save to the point where I am able to get more highly skilled shipmates to see if that makes the space battles less of a chore. Battles don't occur frequently however.Overall this game is interesting but I want to see more contracts made available per station, some login put into the contracts time required to complete, ways to truly build up a profit by buying goods at low cost and selling them at a high payout dependant on needs per location.What I want is a game where I can build my own spaceship, manage my crew, modify the functions of my space ship as to whether it's a space ferry, cargo ship, mercenary, or smuggler. This game has that potential but needs more fine tuning."
,Recommended,320340,17110678,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Soviet,It's like FTL but not as detailed as star command. Combat is however a bit better. It's like a poor mans Sid Meiers pirates in space and so far it's pretty good in Early access however it does crash occasionally.
76561198012894127,Recommended,320340,16218781,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,nix.mills,"If you like trade/battle/explore/missions and crew management games, then you'll love this one."
76561197989769494,Recommended,320340,17259720,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Citizen 246,"From what I could glean off of the images, video, and other media available of Cosmonautica, it immiediately appeared as though it was a Spaceship management game of it's own style. Quite fortunately, my interpetation of what I saw was wholly correct.The designers of the game did an excellant job of not taking themselves, and their creation -too- seriously. the game is quite fun and addictive, but tends to be somewhat easy to burn yourself out on. While there is alot of content in the game already, before long, you'll have an outlook of ""Been there, done that."" at just about every task, oppurtunity, and occurence that comes your way. I've hit that point several times now after a few hours of gameplay each run through, and yet, I can't keep from continuing to play it. The music is groovy, carying a melody and flow to it that's likely nearly unknown to most of this generation's avid gamers, while the graphics are soft enough to run smoothly on even most low-end graphic specs, without looking remotely distasteful.Speaking as someone who's dumped alot of their personal time into Space-based management games(E.G. FTL, Kerbal Space Program, Mars Expedition, Starbound, Lunar Flight, X3, etc.) , this game is a very refreshing change of pace. If you're into any of the games mentioned above, but still on the fence about getting this one, I say go ahead.While it isn't done yet, the devs are pretty active on it's improvement, and have thus far shown that they pay attention and respond to the problems/suggestions of their customer base. To me, that's a critical factor for any Early Access Game.For what I look for in games, I'd give it a 8/10. Consider the two missing points room to grow, haha."
76561198034830911,Recommended,320340,17349097,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,EasternRabbit,"the thing that doesn't bother me about this game is that it crashes once in while.the thing that bothers me about this game is that i kept going back to play it.love the art design, music and the dancing. gameplay is repetitive, however it is simple, easy to pickup, and fun.i truly enjoy my game time spend with this game, and i am still not done playing it since i have so many more galaxy stars to explore.  9/10"
76561198039344634,Not Recommended,320340,28465758,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,creep_,"There is a game on Steam quite similar to this and it is absolutely free, but does everything better than Cosmonautica. Bought it in Early Access, next to nothing was added and finally it was just declared finished. It looked promising, but in the end it was just a ripoff."
,Not Recommended,320340,33363871,Posted: 7 July,all,Blackout231,Game is pretty bad. Mechanics are very clunky and AI seems to be able to obliterate you without problems.
76561198035222810,Not Recommended,320340,25506466,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,sylxjian,"Bought an Early Release game to support a small team trying to finish a game. Instead got a half-finished bit of abandonware that the developer admits needs a rethink and redesign to live up to its promise, but doesn't want to put in the effort for because they've already moved on to other games.Don't let the tiny bug-fix patch fool you. This is not what they promised, and likely won't ever be. Save your money and find a game that's actually complete."
76561197984315748,Not Recommended,320340,25567976,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Fuego,Crap...avoid..unfinished product. It has a lot of potential and definitely there is some high hope in the game.
,Not Recommended,320340,17361773,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Herger Joyous,Gave up.
76561198027571076,Not Recommended,320340,31652003,Posted: 9 May,all,SGD,"This pretty much sums up why YOU SHOULD NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. imo it should be pull from steam. Again imo.""Our choice of the game engine and middleware for that project turned out to be an essential mistake. We missed to validate properly whether the engine will be able to hold up well enough for the future.When we found out that it didn’t, we were too far in development and we didn’t anticipate the severe impacts on the game. It is impossible for us to fix the bigger issues and crashes now. The technology in its current state does not provide a solid base to reasonably develop Cosmonautica further on."" Chasing CarrotsSource:http://steamcommunity.com/games/320340/announcements/detail/586991815864678051"
76561198032049113,Not Recommended,320340,20202514,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,hardcase002,Combat system is lacking. Most ships will out run you and out gun you even 300 turns into the game
76561197970471223,Not Recommended,320340,17406009,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Stash,"Low graphic quality, tutorials stop halfway through."
,Not Recommended,320340,32961151,Posted: 28 June,all,BobJr,A rather stale game that feels unfinished and lacks fun core gameplay
76561198059928259,Recommended,320340,12143441,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,protagonist,"Played for a couple of hours and I think that this has a lot of potential. I love the idea of the game; its kind of like an open-ended version of FTL with trading and better graphics, like the old school Elite, though currently there doesn't seem much to do when travelling between planets.Does need work but I think it'll be great."
,Not Recommended,320340,12817747,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,CaptDreyfuss,"UPDATEBattle still sucks, great trading game though.  You can work your way up to fighting only to have a 3 skull rated opponent whip your butt even though you have 2 turrets, torps and shields!!!  DUMB, as the opponont seems to bounce back and fourth my divert direction button seems to do NOTHING.  Also, I love how often they get shields.  FIGHTING STILL A JOKE!  Not worth the $$ to outfit battleships.  This is only a trading game folks! lolOLD REVIEWFights are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and so unrealistic.  I'm sure my gunner would rather stay in bed sick and get destroyed then sit next to someone in the gun saying point it that way and hit the button!!!!!  So 1 gunner active instead of 2.  Even though the gunners do NOTHING on the ship during flight and should be well rested, towards the end of 1 gunner being sick and letting us die, the other decides to go to sleep.  Game's fighting setup is GARBAGE, nothing about it seems realistic at all regarding natural flow mechinaics.  The ships movements, the crews decisions & effectivness of their skillz, capabilities, etc.  GREAT IDEA of a game.To add to things, I Ctrl Alt Deleted the above battle and got to start from th beginning.  Here was the second outcome, pictures are below.  EVEN WORSE!  PS:  The game crashed A LOT!"
,Recommended,320340,12239532,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Fern,"a fun little game, reminds me of both the sims and sim tower in many ways.I see this game going far if enough detail and additonal missions being added.the user interface needs a little bit of clarification (tooltips)but the game is very fun for just some casual gaming."
,Not Recommended,320340,17414406,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Del,"Fun game but constantly crashes, crashes occur every 30 mins of game play or so which unfortunately makes the game unplayable,"
76561197973654608,Recommended,320340,17550774,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,MadDog,"Not bad game, quite enjoyable for a day or two."
,Not Recommended,320340,17437219,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,BearODice,"Honestly, I would like to say I could recommend Cosmonautica and enjoyed it. I really would, however I can't. The concept is great, with many different integrateable play aspects including being a trading game, care for your crew and your ship, and space combat. The downside is I bought this game, intrigued with the prospects. And then in the first two hours and 44 minutes of play it crashed four times. Every time I renamed my ship it changed it back to the default name within fifteen minutes. For a game that was some two years in early access, it sad to see so many basic bugs still in effect after actual release. As a result, my only recourse was to ask Steam for a refund, even  though I had broken the two hour barrier. Thankfully I was granted that refund, I'm sure in part to my detailing the bugs still in the game. Hopefully these get ironed out in the future, but at this point, this game is just not worth the money for the frustration it delivers."
76561198001916168,Recommended,320340,20350745,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,greypoe,"If you like the sims and space games with trading this is the game that will satisfy that craving. It's got a cool retro style to it. The planet and system names have a bit of coolness to them. You can hire and fire pilots to your hearts content, upgrade your ships and try out different balances of crew members and fittings.Warning- getting the hang of it beginning of the game is hard. I won't spoil it for you, but there's a trick to keeping your crew from leaving you. I deleted my first game because my pilot ejected and left my ship stranded within the first 25 game days.Tip: Don't give them a raise past level 2 till your ship is ready for them. Expect some game crashes after long battles. Always go to a station after a battle it saves the game. I sat up playing this game all night and found an awesome game to my collection."
,Not Recommended,320340,17439416,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kaltekonig,This is the only game in my 200+ owned games I've EVER got a refund for. It has so many game crashing bugs it is unplayable. Batman had less bugs. The game released with these bug known and the dev did nothing. This game makes me never want to buy any game from the Greenlight Community ever again. Would have better luck with an alpha built game that is never out of alpha. At least there the game devs try to fix problems.
76561198012443607,Not Recommended,320340,35340123,Posted: 30 September,all,EasterEggs,This is abandonware.
76561198048813522,Recommended,320340,22720695,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Salamander,"Surprisingly, this game is pretty good despites the numerous negative comments. To be fair, most of those comments about bugs probably were written long times ago and the reviewers never bother to correct it. I played this game for over 9 hours and I haven't seen a single bug, nor crash.If you enjoy a space sim flying around making trades, pirating and money management, I would recommend it."
76561198073671725,Recommended,320340,14011481,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Binxy,"Iv only played this game for about 40 mins and iv got a good jist of what this game is like. Im putting this review as positive because it is a game worth buying or waiting for until its completed. However as some other negative reviews say, there are a lot of bugs, menus overlapping and dispearing things is a bit of a problem. Iv also found it quite confusing about the trading part of the game as im never sure what each planet wants and doesnt want.  The tutorial could be improved by being a little clearer with instruction or a first time walk through each menu ect. Having said this negative stuff, it is a really lovely looking game and  has some nice humour in it as well as what looks like some great game play once youv got started and know what your doing. Im looking forward to playing more and learning more about it, and crossing my fingers the bugs are patched soon"
,Recommended,320340,14669376,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,probes44,This game is already fun and may only get better!
,Recommended,320340,14665522,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,CPLWeeks,This is both fun and hilarious. Well worth it!!!
,Recommended,320340,12156927,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,8eerme,This game is so much fun and it is like the SIMS meets Space awesomeness.
76561198130268469,Recommended,320340,17409467,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,skyhrg,"Pretty solid, well made.Con:REALLY EASY. Almost too easy after a while. The core gameplay is too simple, no progressive challenges, the fight missions are too easy, the trading and passenger missions are not worth it. The campaign looks like it's made for 7 year olds."
,Recommended,320340,12848078,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Hedgehog,A fun game but is pretty complacated though but all round some real good fun
76561197987667603,Not Recommended,320340,16034276,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,tgreg1066,The game is neat but the early game means massive balancing.  All it takes is one failed mission and you go into negative balance.  Once you have a negative balance it's next to impossible to climb out of it because you don't have any money to buy any trade goods and many missions even require you to buy something before you can deliver it.  They need to dramatically expand the missions to allow more safe options for building income when you have a negative or low balance.         The missions are so poorly created right now that I literally could only accept about 1 out of 20 missions and most of those were illegal and resulted in just losing even more money.  As it sits... you have to get your start just right or your game is ruined and you have to start over.  That's not a smart method of getting people to play your game...
76561198007209535,Not Recommended,320340,15460609,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Darth Chocula,"Its charming, but there are some serious issues. It is worth it for 1/2 the asking price.Combat is very lacklusterTrading is ok, but not very complexCrew sim is very basicNot sure if anything can be done to make the game more complex"
76561198030824203,Recommended,320340,16590644,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hellhawk666,"This is a fun little game - essentially it involves trading, simple combat, passenger transport etc with your spaeship. You can research upgrades and buy bigger and better ships, hire a crew and see that they are kept happy and productive. You start off in one solar system but eventually you can open up lots of other areas.For a ""small"" game it contains a lot and is addictive. At the moment it's early access but is completely playable. The developers are active and producing regular updates.UPDATE - 2 June 2017Development of the game has finished and the developers have said that they were not satisfied with the game engine. A poor initial choice led them into a development dead-end, so the game is as it stands, but won't be developed further.There are issues but it's important to see them in context. I bought it when it was $10 and I feel I've had $10 worth of entertainment, however it did not fulfil its potential. That's no need to whine about the devs, however. Nothing dishonest went on, and the did the best they could. Maybe the idea will be revisited sometime.Yes, I'd recommend it as an OK game - it IS playable - but I wouldn't urge anyone to buy it either."
76561198048135482,Recommended,320340,17117643,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Bigbossken,"For early access, super fun and all around one of the best simulation strategies ive played."
,Not Recommended,320340,17417678,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,KixenDK,"♥♥♥♥♥game....I would really love to recommend this game, but I have tried to play it 4 times now. And each time I can play a few minutes, then the game crashes, and I have to start all over. I have tried reinstalling, but didn't help.This game is bugged as ****.If the devs would have just put a little more effort into this game before releasing it, then maybe, JUST maybe, it would have been a potential sell-well game. But in this state... Nope, I wouldn't recommend it even to my worst enemy."
76561198125273586,Not Recommended,320340,16854923,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,tristan2468,"I've heard many good things about this game, bit can't see for myself because it crashes everytime i try to play it even though my pc matches or exceeds all of the requirments to play it.  Very disappointing."
76561198025155752,Recommended,320340,16250236,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,jpb103,"Great game. Worth the buy, even in the somewhat unfinished state its in. Its easy to lose a few hours saving up to buy that next big ship. 10/10 (given that it is early access)."
76561198052379771,Recommended,320340,17409698,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,wtflock,"So far it's alright. It has crashed roughly once a day, and a combat tutorial would really be helpful. I built a turret, a weapon storage, and purchased both types of available ammo and still in combat I can't see an option to fire anything.But it's quirky, and entertaining, and I imagine the kinks will be worked out (although I'd have expected they would have been before release). Wish I could rate from 1-5 rather than just recommend vs not, but have to recommend at this point despite the flaws."
,Recommended,320340,15535971,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,battleborn371,"This is the first time I play a game of this genre and I find it quite addictive, although the content at this point is scarce: you can resaerch every module and get the top ship in 3 to 4 hours of gameplay and finish the existing campaign (which is to be continued with future updates) in about the same amount of time. I must mention though, that after current campaign ends, you can still roam the seemingly endless star systems and planets in search of profit, epic space battles or shady deals with smugglers.PROS:Great promice for future content and gameplay.Pleasing graphics with more than humble system requirements.Sandbox play mode.Humorous dialogues.A lot of options for achieveing your in-game goals.Excelent music.CONS:Still a lot of crashes.Limited early access content.Short early access campaign.Clunky combat system."
,Recommended,320340,16267229,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,wildwinds,"Very fun game, really enjoying playing it. It's not finished by any means, but there's still plenty of game play here. Not come across any obvious bugs yet but there are a number of glaring typos in the text. Definitely recommend this game now and it can only get better from here."
,Not Recommended,320340,25043688,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Vechernyaya,RepetitiveNo challengeConceptualy nonsensical ( Research and developp a spaceship WC )4/10
76561197986262991,Recommended,320340,16584039,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Storm,"From the video it's obvious this isn't a hard core space game, it's really a more laid back tongue in cheek sort of game.  That said it's a lot of fun.  It's casual enough that you can watch a movie / have a conversation whilst playing yet also rewarding and does require a bit of thinking and planning.I love watching the crew / passangers go about their business during flights and the fighting does require strategy.All in all a very enjoyable game even in EA (It's about a month from release at time of posting)"
,Not Recommended,320340,17339043,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Phoenix Blue,Learning curve was just a bit too steep for my liking.
,Recommended,320340,22812810,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,antipothis,"Man, it sucks hearing that this game was abandoned by it's developers. It had an interesting concept and was fun for all of it's buginess.I'm still going to recommend the game, maybe on sale only, because the game's soundtrack is spectacular, and worth the price alone. It's has some of the grooviest beats i've heard since FTL."
76561198009620313,Recommended,320340,22605690,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,leohayward,"Recommended.  Period.  Bought just a few days ago after the latest update and had a blast playing the full campaign (finished in 1020 cycles with 1.2 million credits).  Yeah it crashed a few times (about 8) but a lot of games do.  The save feature brings you right back.  For about $7 was a great deal.  Spent 3 days with it and really enjoyed it.  Now I can come back and continue my crew's adventure anytime I wish.Spoiler alert.................. use a shark for last battle.  The racer is what I flew up to and now after it.  Get dedicated pilot, science, hacker and five dedicated shootersby then.  Double up the shooters with 1 each pilot, medic, cook, clean, repair.Those who hated this game really should try it again.  Big time."
76561198011001784,Not Recommended,320340,22777597,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dorg Borgus,"seemed cool at first, but it got repedetive, then it just lost it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ crude jokes turned into some character looking for hair jel because so random, ♥♥♥♥ off♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561197994997049,Not Recommended,320340,28247712,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,rudders,"Woah, 9 hours in game?!?Thats 9 hours badly spent.  Wouldnt reccomend this 'game' to anyone. Well maybe my worst enemy, but no one else.  Please keep your money safe buy not investing in this."
76561197992779378,Recommended,320340,23839313,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mikas24,"I'm seing so many negative comments that I just don't understand.Finished or not, what I can say about it is that I've got this one last december for less than €10, and then played it for about 60 hours. The game is highly enjoyable as it is. I didn't find any major problem.Even if the price tag was higher, I would highly recommend it.Now, for €3,74 ?? The game is really a lot of fun. Don't miss it."
,Not Recommended,320340,31671600,Posted: 10 May,all,HappyHurtzlickn,I gave it an honest try but it's just not a good game.  Little depth and no plot
76561197993919345,Recommended,320340,15632440,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Hobo McChicken©®™,"It has a good premise, but it needs a LOT of work.Pros:- The space sim with a dash of Sims is a novel concept. It also kind of reminds me of StarTopia, except you're mobileCons:- Quests are confusing and sometimes have no clarification on how to complete it- Lots of crashing in the Prologue- Research needs to be tweaked (you research ""elements"" to unlock rooms and then research actual technologies to make the rooms better... maybe just research the room and then research the improvements?)- Trading makes very little money, even when you follow the ""supply and demand"" formula"
,Recommended,320340,17168324,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,MC_RIDE,"prety fun game, good for its price. there are a couple features that could be added, but none that are missing. kind of like sid meiers pirates mixed with firefly. good♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197964662020,Not Recommended,320340,17524327,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Whiskeyguden,"I am quite disappointed due to the short gameplay-life so to speak. Let me just say I love trading and economics games in general, thats why I bought this game. So if you are like me, you should probably heed my words as you probably are as stingy with the quality as I am when it comes to these genres.The game had/have some potential but due to following cons, its a no-go:1. The game gets repetitive quite fast. (No, Im sorry, REALLY FAST)2. The combat is slow, uninspiring and contentless. Or at least the content is both boring and slow.3. The trading is simple, though easy, and lacks any kind of immersion. (kinda important as this is a trading game?)4. Bugs, they are everywhere and you never know when, who, what or how they will crawl up across your screen to destroy your gameplay, immersion or even your ability to play the game at all.5. Content... roughly 10 ships or something to choose from. Tradingships, battleships and some ships in somewhere in the middle. Now that may seem enough to some, to me it was just a couple of hours of gameplay.6. The game world is extremly simple, boring and random without any clue of logic.So what about the pros?Are they really necessary when I dont even consider them enough to recommend someone to play this game? Come on..."
76561198030785484,Recommended,320340,17639678,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,tinatiga,Light and fun resource management game with optional battle scenarios. Catnip for those interested in economics.
76561198005137398,Recommended,320340,15134725,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Hogtown Hero,"I am enjoying this game :)The devs seem to know how to put together a pretty good trade/battle/quest cartoony privateer game complete with decent crew and ship management for a semi-casual feeling playstyle. I haven't gotten into the battle system yet, but the trade and task sections are almost perfect (tasks need to be chosen carefully, considering time limits and the random generation of planet resources). Ship design is also everything it should be and I'm liking the new research/tech-tree system.My only complaint so far: the prologue gets you through a few bAby-steps, but immediately thereafter steers you towards picking up contraband which you have to tote around until you can hopefully research the destination these items have to go to...this wouldn't be awful except really early in the prologue, you don't have the research points for either the destination nor the smuggling capacities to help with the customs agents, NOR the type of funds necessary to bribe said agents. If the quest progression remains so poorly designed, people probably won't bother with the prologue and might be turned off from the campaign as well."
76561197995983901,Recommended,320340,16534854,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,mike70382,I just hope this evolves into the space sim of my dreams. With every update we get closer to that.
76561197993288786,Recommended,320340,16564969,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Invest,So! Much! Fun! xDIt feels like a game with a soul. So great!
76561197992112381,Not Recommended,320340,17782766,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,SnackyCakesIII,Its just not fun
,Not Recommended,320340,16193689,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ALASKA THUNDERF*5000,"I WAS ''AI Q LOUCURA'' ''AI Q DELICIA '' ''AI Q AHAZO'' but, i got tired."
76561198026492432,Not Recommended,320340,17439085,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Skydancer,"Constant crashes, unintuitive interface, and low content. This isn't worth more than 5$."
76561198049493625,Recommended,320340,17483792,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,BossPewPew,"Hmm, crashes too frequent, really too frequent. For me, it basically crashes every 20-30mins of gameplay. It is a good game for people who like management sims with some space exploration. But you don't get to play anything when it crashes so often"
76561198022975473,Recommended,320340,17526900,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Lord Beavis,"Great start to the game.  While it needs bug fixing and fleshing out (currently it's about a 2 day casual play), the core mechanics are solid, the crew managment is fun and the early game is some of the best space trading to be had.  Pending some polish and fattening up, I'll be looking forward to a well executed DLC package."
76561198022236367,Recommended,320340,17694119,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,stumpysheep,"Fun but flawedCosmonautica deserves to be recommended, but only in a Steam sale, and here's why.I picked Cosmonautica up after discovering Space Colony, but whilst both offer essentially the same prospect of The Sims meets an RTS in space, they are very different beasts. For those not familiar with Space Colony (in which case you're missing a treat) it's a micro-management city builder with some fairly basic but well-developed Sims dropped in - give them what the need and they'll mostly look after themselves, but you still need to intervene to keep them friendly (and more) towards each other, and occassionally to restore their sanity. The first couple of missions are a bit clunky as the game wants you to know that this is important stuff, but later on you're so pushed for time building your base, and managing resources, plant life and alien incursions, that keeping a happy crew becomes both a challenging and enjoyable element of the game. And as well as the two-pronged (civil / military) split campaign you get a good variety of challenge maps and an editor in the package.Unfortunately this may have set my bar rather high.Cosmonautica is more like the Sims meets Pirates!, but it doesn't quite hit the mark, and now I've played enough of it I'm realising why, and it's fundamental flaw is in pandering too much to casual gaming. The (single) campaign starts out promisingly enough but it falls down in a few key areas.The crew management is essentially limited to picking the right team (tip: make sure they all eat the same food and don't promote them beyond level 2 until they can at least sleep, eat, wash, exercise, play games and take pills and they'll never fall out or complain about anything). The biogs are nice but very short, which wouldn't matter were it not for the fact that the game offers hardly any opportunities for them to stand out individually.The ship battles are also disappointing, and even more so because it wouldn't take much to fix them. Here Cosmonautica really wants to be Pirates!, but the touch-friendly interface (with no keyboard controls) limits manouvering to basic commands (circle left / right, etc) and Pirates! fans will be bashing their cursor pads in frustration. Without better controls battles basically amount to working out whether to fight or flee, and then slowly getting close enough to begin playing whack-a-mole with command icons until the other ship gives up or blows up. Battles just aren't fun, and all it needed to do was copy Pirates!And finally there's the downtime when travelling between planets. Even if there was much to the crew management, travelling in normal time would bore you to death, and travelling in fast time doesn't give you a big enough gap to think through and make any decisions. So trips are reduced to the sort of 20-30 second turn times you'd complain about on a turn-based strategy.In short, Cosmonautica is a missed opportunity. I've not completed it yet so have no idea how far in I am, but I've got myself a nice cruiser and unlocked all the science upgrades except for whatever's left of the galaxy hexes, and I'm going to finish the campaign and probably grind my way to buying a top tier ship, but with only a sandbox as an alternative to the campaign I'm not sure I'll be coming back afterwards.It's still very polished, and as one of the more involving casual games it's fun, but put it up against even an old RTS or trader and you'll soon see its flaws."
76561198018756376,Not Recommended,320340,27384907,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lor0001,Cash grab/rip off. Chasing Carrots should be renamed to Chasing Dollars.
76561198025464901,Recommended,320340,15352005,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,pantheraenigma,"This game has some massive potential. It reminds me of an old school game Gazillionaire, but I can see how this will be so much better. Sure, it's buggy, but it's Early Access. Buy it, support it, love it."
,Recommended,320340,16223411,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Smoke Fumus,"Imagine elite. Now imagine you manage your ship loadout in ""plug the rooms, make sure crew needs satisfied"" way.Seems like your bowl of soup? Then this is the game you wanna play.Game itself is pretty, artstyle is quiet nice, there are still some bugs here and there (certain campaign choices are progress killers, there is a certain memory leak which forces you to restart the game every 1.5-2 hours, some menus glitching out, but aside from that - game's playable even in this state."
76561198086052515,Recommended,320340,17177990,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Warhawk1984,"game devs please see edit review further down for my feed back on game improvements/balanceThis game is fun and suprisingly adictive for the price i would recomend it.however there are a few cons to this game.first it has a tendincy to crash every few hours or so but with the auto save at every station it aint to bad.second iva the other ships are to expencive or the research is way to quick got everything researched  from the facilitys and upgrade list before i have made even half the money needed for the next lvl ship.the combat could do with being a little harder as well its way to easy to just flee from a fight.REVIEW EDIT.I am going to split this into sections with a opinion of how it could be improved.inter system travel.i like the concept of going to a jump gate (cataport) to do a inter system jump and how you need to research galactic hexs before you can travel there. however i dont like the way you can jump from 1 side of the map to the other.Suggestion.make it that you can only jump to adjacent hexs i.e ( 1.-1 to 1.-2 (in the same way you can only research adjacent hexs) this could then be expanded slightly to give different class's of ships a different jump ranges such as big bulky freighters 1 hexs, crusiers 2 hexs, and raiders 3 hexs. a cataport use cooldown of 15 cycles after entering a system should be added as well if this was ever implemented for balanceTrading/money generationMoney seams come to come in bucket loads after you get a hack room or 2 and done the camouflage research to hide illegal goods better. then all you need to do is go to cappella quadrant and there is a planet there that produces and sells whisky (a illegal item in that system) just buy there fly to the nearest plant to you and sell for insane profit for 30 units you make like 20k even using the bribe system (if you crew are still below par) will still turn you a huge profit of 10k+.Suggestion.If a item is illegal in the system change it so it isn't produced in the system.cataport custom officers that scan you when you enter the system for illegal goods with the options to declare you dont have any illegal goods, bribe like at stations or engage in battle with the custom. if detection is positive the option to drop cargo with no fine, or battle.Trade route between star systems could do with a bit of a polish its hard to do a trade run when you cant really see what a system sells/buys my solution would be the that you can view other star systems you have visited via the galactic map by clicking on it.crew.now unless i am mistaken the max crew you can have is 8 this is simply not enough for some of the larger ships (note this is an asumption as i dont have this ship yet), take the sharkalon the most expensive ship in the game and a ship thats designed to be combat orintated the problem is with its 4 turrets 2 cannons and 2 torpedos so 8 crew members to man the guns in battle the problem is who pilots the ship in battle everyone is maning guns who hacks who operates the sheilds for a ship thats designed for combat your rather short staffed to really funtion effectively.solution is simples the bigger the ship the more crew you can hire.combatmore combat options would be a nice touch such as targeting wepons or engins. mines to slow down those fast raiders chacing your slow frighter would be awesome as well"
76561198003788522,Recommended,320340,17636954,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Inremo,"Yes, now this is a fun take on the ""fight, trade, smuggle""-genre. Very enjoyable. :)"
76561197986731719,Recommended,320340,14334354,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mr. Tex,"Everyone play it cool, its the Space cops.Oh hi there officer, oops, looks like I dropped my BRIBE.Wonderful merchant sim."
,Recommended,320340,16368683,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,tycho5,"So far, I love Cosmonautica!Fun gameplay! Trade between planets is pretty straightforward. Run missions between planets, easy enough. Research additional rooms/amenities for your ship, check. Balance the relationships between your crew for optimal work from them. Balance your ship for shipping cargo, carrying passengers, or combat.Pretty straightforward stuff and fun enough to keep my interest.Love the art style of the game! Characters are cartoony and the ships have a fun design. Reminiscent of 'Evil Genius' (also a fun game).My only issue is with the Combat. It's okay, but I'd like to see some tweaks to it. Maybe more control for the pilot to make moves? Maybe faster results from when I pick a command? Better responsiveness to the command? Not sure, something though. I do like the idea of negotiating your way out (or negotiating their surrender).There are some bugs but none make the game unplayable or unfun.I'm really excited about the campaign! Keep up the great work!"
76561198001601065,Recommended,320340,16660539,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fenylal,"Some bugs here and there, but not game crippling. Some lag in the interface, but otherwise this feels very much like a complete game. It's a bit like theme hospital on a spaceship. And it looks and sounds really nice!"
,Recommended,320340,16468459,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Marduk,"Though in early access, this is quite a fun game that can last you for hours!Can't wait for the next update :)"
76561198059343451,Recommended,320340,12177697,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Shanor,"This game quite enjoyble even in current state. So, i'm recomend you to add it to your wishlist and wait for a while, because it has potential and maybe it will be worth bying upon release."
76561197986629379,Recommended,320340,13241981,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Vali,So far a nice progress on the game - I will give it a thumbs up for now
76561198154170220,Recommended,320340,12311594,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,GUNDAM,"I have not played any PC games for years .STEAM is all new to me . Bought Cosmonautica  to try but end up liking it so much that I bought a new PC ( well ,the old one  is too slow and dying). would there be a manual save game(at any time by the player) option in the final version? It woud aslo be nice if there is a PAUSE game option button on the play screen."
,Recommended,320340,17432196,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,biglemon29,"When I bought space base df9 I was excited for a fun space game but then ended the alpha early and did not give us the features they promised. I was really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about this because I made money knowing they would add more to the game. Anyway then I discovered this. This game is 1000x better than space base df9. The campaign was fun with funny characters and thrilling battles. And it was fun trying out the different ship roles like passenger ship, cargo ship, smuggler ship, and pirate ship, This game doesn't get old because you explore new galaxys and get exotic goods. BEST SPACE GAME EVER"
76561198144895605,Not Recommended,320340,15497577,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Hot_air_pilot,Fun casual trading if you dont mind it crashing every 10-15 min :(I bought it at 10% off but it should be 50% at this point.This game is too frustrating to recomend now.
,Not Recommended,320340,15486190,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jyuu,"I like this game, but for the last hour, it crashed three times.1st time when i changed the resolution to fit my screen. (It started as a windowed mode game)2nd time when i alt tabbed and did something and wanted to go back in, crashed.3rd time when i changed back to windowed mode, try not to crash this time, and after awhile it crashed.:( Thumbs down until theres a patch for this."
76561198004536137,Recommended,320340,25612344,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,escher255,"Worth it on a deep sale if you want a nice littel interplanetary trading game without much depth.  I feel I got my $3 worth.  Would have felt disapointed at $15.   Despite seeing a lot of posts warnings about stabiliy issues, I only crashed once in 25 hours of play and didn't lose any progress.Don't buy it if you want to outfit your merc pirate and play ships combat.  Combat options are limited, and not much fun.  There are better games out there.Untimately, once you figue out the mechanics of how to trade and make a profit, and you unlock the various  ""science"" discoveries (new rooms, etc), it becomes pretty routine.   it held my interest for the first 15 hours or so, then slogged through a bit more before deciding to put it aside.. but at $0.20 per hour, not bad.Hardest part is that you can see a lot of unrealized potential."
76561198016259765,Recommended,320340,17379238,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DarkPhoenix,"Fun! Contains a bit of comedy. You can choose to be a trader, pirate, smuggler, transporter.Only downside as of this moment is it crashes fairly often."
76561197981644699,Recommended,320340,18088462,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,starsky1983,cosmonautica has to be one of the best space games i have ever played eve cannot even touch this  i mean  this game keeps you glued to the screen for hours
76561197978094155,Recommended,320340,17389055,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Urizon,"Get drunk and wake up with a space ship and a robot parrot AI.Hire some random alien crew and find some passangers and shove off into space.Alien crew member gets constipated...force an♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on them and send them to the toilet for the rest of the flight.Fly to another system at ludicrous speed!    Smuggle some cargo around the place for profit and fun.Overall well worth the cost.Pros:Great price - loads of fun for less than going to the movies!Fun comic sci fi setting.Load out your ship any way you like.Easy to learn your way around the UI.Runs smooth.Autosaves frequently.Sandbox play - be a passanger ship, cargo ship, smuggler, or heck be a pirate and kill em all!Fun interactions between crew, balance their traites and needs to keep them happy, but not tedious as in some games.Cons:Combat does not allow fast forward like other parts of the game....takes a long time.Crashed after about 2 hours, but frequent autosave makes it not a big deal.Have not reached the end of the campaign yet, but it gives you goals that are spread out so you can do your own thing while you unlock new areas and such.Most fun I have had in a space sim since Startopia!  Give it a go if you like space, sims, or constipated crew memebers!"
76561198047450577,Recommended,320340,17389473,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,hugomus007,"The game is really fun, surprisingly tricky at first, but overall a very fun simulation.  The only problem I have with it is that I can't play for very long before it crashes to desktop.  Before it happens, it starts to mess up little things here and there, but it always crashes.  For such a small resource using game, this seems odd to me.Now that being said, the trading is simple and elegant, space travel and combat seem competent (don't fight until you have either shields or a hacker).  I'm throughly enjoying it.  Just please work the bugs out."
,Recommended,320340,17378096,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Blazed,"I really like it. It's got it's bugs, sure. But so far I see a lot of potential I really like. It's kind of a Evil Genius meets FTL in some ways. Once you reach a certain point though it becomes a bit too easy. I find myself now with more money than I can spend. I guess I'm doing something right."
,Not Recommended,320340,17426050,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Muggs,"This is a yes and no game. If you enjoy the space trading and missions etc it'll hold some fun for you, if not you'll just find that the bugs aren't worth it. So, yes it's fun and enjoyable, but should a game that's this basic and now out of early access have this many bugs and crashes? no. I also read you can get this game on google play devices for about half the cost, so you know devs, thanks for rewarding people who spend 5x as much on their platform as someone who can stroll into a high street store with no money and walk out with a contract and a device that can play the game for half the price (sarcasm).edit: if you have spore, just play spore space stage, it's more in depth minus the sims style crew managing."
76561198007640848,Not Recommended,320340,25327788,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Aerth,"No challenge, repetitive..."
76561197972334648,Not Recommended,320340,18177906,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Frostasaur,Bought game after release.spent 20 minutes trying to start a game past the opening ship set up and load out.crashed.every.damn.time.Got a refund.Still missing my 20 minutes.
76561198055927803,Recommended,320340,16499576,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Basibasbas,Gosh... i must be sutch a nerd HAHAHAbut a F-ing love the game !!!!!i just hope it gets updated as it gets now !!!!9/10
76561198018194617,Recommended,320340,17217708,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MnP,"I picked this up on a steam sale for $10. In short,The Good:- Solid Trading Mechanics- Interesting Crew and Ship Management- Decent Campaign- Nice GraphicsAreas for Improvement:- Occassional Graphic Related Bugs and infrequent crashes.- Ship Combat can be a little clunky- Traveling in game is a little dull (Fastforward button helps this though)Overall, good game. Definitely worth the money.Has massive potential to increase depth of gameplay if the devs decide to expand on whats already there."
,Recommended,320340,16443761,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,3jackDaw,Pure entertainment! Absolutely fun and complex yet basic. Had a little getting use to with the UI but still had me going for hours. Only tried the Sandbox mode though since campaign is kinda meh.
,Recommended,320340,15013443,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Oddworld220,Constantly have to start a new game because I keep failing missions and poorly managing my money.10/10 addictive as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,320340,17368004,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Kaelefth,Fun and addictive.
,Not Recommended,320340,17465212,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,TICKETS,I couldn't get beyond the bugs.  Screw this.
,Recommended,320340,12145294,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,TurtleCat Reviews,Take a look at Cosmonautica herehttp://youtu.be/0XHdW0Irue8
76561197997327689,Recommended,320340,14450081,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Platonov,This game is good when you are waiting for The Mandate in 2016 + low cost + dev are here for feedback.
76561198019088661,Recommended,320340,24191809,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jeff,"I played this game straight through to completion.  I had about 10 crashes in 42 hours.  Not a big deal, the game autosaves at every station, you might lose a minute or 2 if it crashes.  I thought about playing it a second time through, don't think I'm going to though, the story was good, it was fun to get the hang of everything.  Once you figure out how it works you can just make unlimited money.I bought it on sale, and for the 42 hours I can't beat the value.  It was a very enjoyable 42 hours.  I had one question on the forums, the DEV answered it within a few hours.I'd play another game from this company, and reccomend this for 40 hours of fun!"
,Not Recommended,320340,17537780,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Phlons,Game starts out fun then turns in to major micro management trade guessing sim.
76561198004167126,Recommended,320340,15871313,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,TheCardGame,Keeps getting better with every update.
76561197970785065,Recommended,320340,16537284,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CHaP,Don't Panic!
76561198019973580,Recommended,320340,17704380,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Sutekh,"I see the haters have come out of the woodwork. This was my first foray into space trading games and I very much enjoyed it. There were minor issues here and there (pathfinding, combat), but I was making too much (virtual) dough to really care.Pros:1) This game works well as a beginner's guide to space trading games. IMO there's a lot of tedium in trading games that Cosmonautica does away with and it lets you figure out fairly quickly how to make money.2) Three different ways to play: trader, passenger ship, pirate. For each play style, you'll be looking for different crew complements, prioritizing different tech, and balancing crew comforts vs availability of rooms. There's also a campaign so that stretches out play time for a bit.3) Ship customization. Do you want to max out carrying capacity while minimizing creature comforts to ensure maximum profit? Do you want to get a mix of cargo containers and passenger seats to do a mix of missions?Cons:1) Game will crash every 20 min or so. This is extremely annoying, but the auto save sort of mitigates this. There's no rhyme or reason to why it'll crash: sometimes I'm clicking on a station or I'm moving some crew members around.2) There's really no end game. You can buy the most expensive ships fairly quickly and after that there's little reason to keep playing."
,Not Recommended,320340,21151730,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,BailsBach,Rushd out of Early Access. Don't buy!
,Recommended,320340,17136750,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,[51stMI] Drama.,"This is a great game.I picked up this game at the early access cost for about 10.99 and never looked back. This game is exactly what i wanted from a space simulator, just the right amount of humour with tons of thought put into the game mechanics. The underlying humour in this game is downright hilarious, if you like sly humour, this game is for you.Not to mention all the star trek references xDNot picking up this game is the biggest mistake you've ever made. #Greatestgameever"
,Recommended,320340,17212076,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Rabid Dutchman,"A brilliant trading game with a gameplay system that is easy to grasp but with enough nuance to be interesting. It advances at a pace that allows you to decide how difficult things are on your trade routes. For instance, if you stick to the inner rim of a system it will be safer, but you might miss out on more lucrative opportunities in the mid and outer rim.10/10 would definitely recommend to friends"
,Recommended,320340,12142948,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Spray and Pray,"If you've ever dreamed of running a taxi service in space, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,320340,16821265,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kalogrym,Wonderful game.10/10
,Recommended,320340,16786765,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The 'Losh,♥♥♥♥ing mint.
,Recommended,320340,12309602,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,✜₰ђΐęłđ✜,I'm really loving this game so far. I'm excited for some new content I want to trade contraband with other freelancing ships :3
76561197994408157,Recommended,320340,16182243,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DrFetid,"Even when buggy and unfinished Cosmonautica delivers a fun, engaging spaceship management experience.I was very skeptical about going into Early Access but I have been pleasantly surprised. And a little annoyed by some of the bugs but that's easily overlooked by the amount of fun I've had and the promise of the full product."
76561198007324938,Not Recommended,320340,18201051,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Megatanis,"Unfinished, very limited content, boring.Tries to be funny.Just another early access game with ""potential""."
76561198077176812,Recommended,320340,17853177,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,The 420th Gunslinger,"A great ship management trading game.  Buy goods, make money and fight pirates. Very fun and addicting!  An incert from the game. After arriving in Dorksville they told me that ""Lesson one, always trust people who like big butts. They cannot lie!"" Epic"
76561198006754475,Recommended,320340,16787767,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,pauljmerryweather,So far nice fun game. Only issue is the fighting sucks as I have entered one battle and it seems stuck in a loop mainly because my pilot won't pilot. The battle is stuck with us looping arounf and arounf outside of waepon range.....
76561198102805525,Not Recommended,320340,17559528,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Bdog737,"Has potential, but not enough content.  Your out of research goals before you even leave your first solar system."
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,320340,17529578,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Haapy,"Originally posted: Aug 13, 2015UI breaks on 2560x1080 monitor. Hard to play, if the ui elements are stacked like old pizza boxes.Updated: October 30, 2016Still broken. Letterboxing is not new concept (30 years old at this point).Not a review, just a warning to those with high-resolution displays. I won't waste my time checking back again."
76561197993432458,Not Recommended,320340,17543476,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,mattminus,"I wanted to like this game, but there's just not very much game there. There's very little variety in the content, the trading is grindy but theres nothing you're really grinding towards, and the combat is flat. Theres the core of an OK game, but it needs a lot of work to add depth."
76561198037011867,Recommended,320340,16741252,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Vertigo PT,"Its very unstable at this point, crashes too often to be pleasant. But I did have serious fun when it worked, I look forward for more stable builds, game rreminds me somehow of FTL and Elite hibrid thing. Great concept."
76561198004482608,Recommended,320340,16858640,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ShadeMage,"The game is actually pretty fun. I was a big fan of Privateer back in the day, and while this is definitely a lighter take  it really helped itch that trading aspect that's been missing from a lot of space sims. Full release is a little later this month, and while the game itself is working fairly well thier are some bugs that still need attending to, and I have to ask if it shouldn't have more play options. Such as, it would be nice if they added more ships and more customization and a beter bounty board for those people looking for more combat.  I hope they continue to develop it and perhaps some good DLC in the future. It's well worth the entry price IMHO."
76561197989698031,Recommended,320340,17001806,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Snake_Pliskin,Fun
76561198111163138,Recommended,320340,18064328,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,cory.lyon,"Thank you Icey. That cleared my problem right up. It's a fun and addicting game and now that I can play it, I can say it was worth every penny. GG guys"
76561198122519531,Recommended,320340,17622601,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,gillesgrondin59,A good game that will be a great game when finish.
76561198110987007,Not Recommended,320340,24688717,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,davidtgreene,"I am very disappointed in this game.  I feel cheated by this game and determined to not be cheated by a game like this again.  I would not recommend buying this game.  I would not recommend buying anything from these developers as they have said they will not be working on this game as they have other projects to work on.  I don't understand this when this game is not finished?  Are they just thinking up new projects to not finish?I would say that this game has reminded me of caveat emptor.  I buy less games because I don't want to be cosmonautica'd.  We take a chance with early access, but to be so blatently lied to, especially when I lose money because of it crosses a line.  If they made promises and didn't keep them, but still kept the money I gave them, doesn't that bother you?"
76561198031777870,Recommended,320340,25463809,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Terry,I enjoyed this greatly. Just a pitty it does not have multiplayer.
,Recommended,320340,17449524,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,|TG| Vitamin187,"Very fun, Sims in space."
,Recommended,320340,17506583,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Gustaf,"Cosmonautica is a pretty solid game in my opinion, I am a big fan of the Sims and Space Simulation Games and Trading. What you see is what you get, I admire how simplistic the game is - visually and mechanically.What do I like?Early game is challenging, it keeps you constantly on the move and in search of more ways to find income and gives a sense of urgency to keep your ship maintained whilst also being a slow paced gameMid Game is also interesting, it only takes about 3-5 hours to get in to the mid game (at least in my case) and from here there goes 3 different designs that go from being cargo to weaponry and one that is somewhere inbetweenLate Game is somewhat dissapointing but I will come back to that in the final overviewWhat do I not like?I am almost sure that I found an exploit accidentally, one that got me rich very quickly with hardly any effort - I won't explain it but it's pretty available everywhere you gobut what I was most dissapointed about is that - yes the crew do have relationships between each other but you NEVER see any kind of social interaction with any of the crew members unless you build special rooms and tell them to go there. I think late game would have benefited from having the crew being bigger and having interactions with each otherbut overall, I'd really reccomend this to anyone who loves Arcade Style Simulation games."
76561198114362946,Recommended,320340,17458957,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,TotalXclipse,I have fallen in love with this game! It really is a great indie game and has so much greater potential with future gameplay content! It's really close to my idea of a perfect game!I've done a quick youtube review video for those who are interested in the game!https://youtu.be/nT-tV2-I7zI
76561198132313807,Recommended,320340,17452940,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Lieutenant Gamer,"this game is very nice and creative , but always jump out to system during playing , is it my pc issue or bug ?"
,Recommended,320340,17471223,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Joost,"Highly fun game! If you like management games this is an absolute gem. An interesting setting and mechanics and great to build a crew and ship and fly around. Lots of lovingly made small details everywhere, like the idle animations of folks at the space stations. And the soundtrack is great."
,Recommended,320340,17458407,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Von Overkill,"Totally worth playing. A quirky little space trading/piracy sim with great art and a whole heap of procedurally-generated content, which is very much in vogue these days.That said, here are three things you should know about Cosmonautica:~Performance will gradually decrease until the game crashes after about 2 hours. Fortunately, in only takes about 10 seconds to re-start, and you'll always come back to a fresh auto-save.~Travelling is a huge time-sink, and you'll be travelling every few minutes. Encouraging the player to get up and walk away from the computer every 3 minutes is a pretty substantial design flaw.~It doesn't have anything like an end-game. You just have to decide that you've beat the game after you have all the money."
76561198043718884,Not Recommended,320340,33154944,Posted: 2 July,all,Dr.Mic,"Well ... might be a good game on a phone, but it is clearly not much worth much on a PC...2 years after its release, here are the cons:- Game still crashes every 20 minutes- No new features / optimization / visible updates of any sort- Highly repetitive (although, the first hours are fun)Here is the pro:- A perfect game to go take a♥♥♥♥♥♥with (phone only ... you might regret that time with your laptop)"
,Recommended,320340,22737284,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SciStarborne,"I grabbed this while it was 50% off since it looked entertaining despite mixed reviews. And it is entertaining, especially at that price. I'd probably be grinding my teeth a bit if I'd paid full for it though.It does suffer from both bugs and unpolished gameplay, but it is still fun to play. It crashes occasionally, but has so far always reloaded quickly with little loss of progress. It even seems to save more often than advertised ""at every station"". So the crashes are irksome but not serious as far as playing it goes.Some more annoying bits are a mission not completing when it detects the tasks out of order, differences between mission requirements and what you actually need for them, and flight paths suddenly changing and making you miss deadlines (particularly on longer ones). They are at least fairly minor though. Not being able to adjust the window size is also a minor annoyance, having it allways about 5 pixels wider than my screen.Also you can sometimes manage the flightpath issue by selecting other destinations when it goes wrong (usually a huge loop out in front of the planets orbit when half way there) to force a course-change, then change back again. It requires some micro-management.Ship and tech progression don't match well and it's very easy to run on with the storyline then realise you've progressed yourself into an unwinable situation. Ship combat also isn't well explained. It does feel like it's missing its final polish.The way you manage your crew however is very nice and creative with the morale system, and when you do upgrade your ship it is fun kitting it out. Building up a ship is rewarding, especially once you start stacking multiple jobs for destinations.So despite its flaws, it's still a fun game. Get it while it's cheap."
,Not Recommended,320340,25203783,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nathan,Often crash
,Recommended,320340,13639430,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pinkeh,Very short. Fun.
,Recommended,320340,13376497,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Azzameen,"If you loved the TV series Firefly - or the spin-off movie Serenity - then you'll love this. Like Firefly, the focus is on the crew and their survival. Not just from combat, but from having enough work to live. Whether you trade, ferry passengers, do piracy or all three (which I'm sure many Firefly fans will) you'll turn into Malcolm Reynolds as you try to make money, whilst giving your crew work.It's the lovechild from an orgy of FTL, Freelancer, Redshirt and Firefly. Even though it is Early Access, it offers a lot already to warrent a purchase and your support. With this and the soon to be released, The Mandate, the ""Spaceship Crew Management"" genre is filling the void that we have longed for."
76561198043771293,Recommended,320340,14606163,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Simm,"Spelling and grammer errors, aswell as a 80 degree difficulty curve. This game need a very strong tweek. Aim for easy at first and hard later, rather than the other way around. This bay be an odd dtatement but the game play and the interface are a bit uncomfortable, lots of clicks and navigation needed to find out how to issue an order or a duty. This could really be streamlined by a radial redicule where ever you right click. Highlight the character right click a destination and or an object and select a command. less clicks will make this a little more enjoyable, and less of a chore to play. Speaking as a working man, I come home from work and I preffer to play games that a little more straight foreward and simple. Like an RPG or an action game, even the Sims 4 is a little easier to play than this at the moment."
,Recommended,320340,17384772,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Kennit,"The constant crashing is definitely an issue but hasn't been enough of a deterrent yet to put me off the game. As long as it starts, I'll keep trying!"
76561198027439476,Recommended,320340,21678894,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The Good Doctor,"Fun game only if you like the trading sims.  Has a nice tech tree. One quivel is that in the story mode you a refured to as a characher in the game, but you can not play as a charater in the ship."
76561198006932347,Not Recommended,320340,17688314,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,koro,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. But after putting a few hours into the campaign I just can't recommend this.To start with, the research tree is horrible. You have to research the middle and outer rings to get to more planets in the same system. Why? Does my ship not have sensors? Do the stations not have starcharts?The room research is the worst offender though. At some point, your crew is going to want shower. You have to research a bathrrom with a shower. So let me understand, we know how to build spacefaring ships but don't know how to include a shower in the bathroom? Or a kitchen, medbay, gym, etc. In my opinion, this is just stupid. All of the rooms should have been unlocked from the start and research should have been applied to upgrading the efficiency of your existing rooms.Next is travelling between planets. The pathfinding is mediocre at best and will do things that make no sense. I've had it where planets that were in the same wedge (think of the solar system divided into slices, like a pizza) but only 2 orbits apart take 7 days to travel...all because the pathfinding decided that my ship would fly counter-clockwise around the entire system instead of just doing a straight shot to the planet. Oddly enough, exiting the game and then reloading the save made the game recalculate the path to a still inefficient 4.5 days.Combat. I tried it once. On a 1 skull rated difficulty. Which turned into an utter failure. The lack of ability to manually control your flight path is a terrible decision. It would've been ok if there were more choices available to you. Right now, all you can do is close the distance, fly circles around your enemy (doesn't work well enough), and flee. Oh...there's an evade button you can use but all that does is move the ship to the side briefly. Which doesn't work well.The game has potential but in its current state, that's all I can say about it. Wait for demo to try it out or for the price to be slashed during a sale if you're interested."
76561198031903307,Not Recommended,320340,17166688,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Pha cops,"Would have recommended this but the devs begin to randomly refer to women as sl*ts, the main screen has an objectified woman on the front turned around to exposé her rear, and finally they cap it off with the club module having a woman on a stripper pole in neon lights; when it comes to ""Chasing Carrots"" - the carrot, it seems, is misogyny."
76561198007749092,Not Recommended,320340,17704819,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,TheBigMemer7,"Good Visuals, but shallow gameplay without any real challenge"
,Not Recommended,320340,17729800,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Tirpitz,gets boring quickly
76561198049578598,Not Recommended,320340,31766108,Posted: 15 May,all,Brother Deimos,Fraud. Scam. Cashgrab. Nuff said.
,Recommended,320340,13924252,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,spotty7gaming,"This is one of the best indie games that I have ever played. It is really fun and exciting to manage a spaceship and explore outer space. It is very challenging at first, but overall this was a good buy."
,Not Recommended,320340,19200378,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Mustang,There is a lack of depth after the start of the game that limits the durability
,Not Recommended,320340,17409336,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,That Guy,every one says its broken . go look at the forum . every one cant be wrong dont buy it
76561197970365535,Not Recommended,320340,16672391,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Yldreath,"The campaign is buggy as hell, really don't understand all these positive reviews with the amounts of problems i have run into."
,Not Recommended,320340,26214172,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Silverhart,Game not working on window 8Game is abandon.. buyer's beware do no buy this game wont work  newer system
,Recommended,320340,12264620,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,foobarto,The game is loads of fun! Developers left plenty of hints what features are under development to tease.
,Recommended,320340,12565067,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,llama1lad,This game makes me very happy! It's simple yet very addictive
,Not Recommended,320340,27136121,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,E.W.I.L,they betrayed us for money...
76561198074901018,Not Recommended,320340,17411087,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,richard_whitworth1066,"rubbish crashes at least every 20mins , waste of money"
,Recommended,320340,17377049,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Cappi,"Hi guys,im gonna be honest about this game. I got this game on torrent which is cr*ck game,and after like 1-2 hours,i was like,hmmm,this game is fun,easy to be in it,So i decided to buy this game on Steam. everything went great until some random crash,i dont know for how long it's gonna happen but,i think hope deverloper can fix this game on those update  in the future. And afte those hours,i found out,this game just  ONLY about trading,which is very simple, deliver some illegal item,take peoples from place to place,and some small fighting,which is REALLY slow battle, and even i went to new galaxy,those mission still the same, nothing change.So this is what i hope they (deverloper) can put in this game  : put more diffirent missions, items or something, And also,this is what i hope the most : they can put multiplayer on this game too,so me and my girl friend and play together. Otherwise,this game is quite fun,addictive,,and im gonna vote for this game YES as  Positive."
76561198011083571,Not Recommended,320340,16336280,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Carig,It's a very dull game presently. It looks quite nice and I hope they will add more function to it.
,Recommended,320340,17350223,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,5alimI,"Played it for about 20 minutes and it seems like fun, unfortunately its still buggy, getting a Hard Lock  that necessitates a reboot with Windows 10 Pro at exactly the same spot ingame.Hope its fixed soon."
,Recommended,320340,14103143,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,StarshipUK,"This is an Early Access review. I don't often pay full price for games not in a bundle or sale, but the early access game price is reduced and liked the look of the graphics and idea of having a simpler space trading game, asnd the graphics are really nice. There is a story mode, which is not yet complete but I found playing the story mode more fun than playing the game sandbox where it started to get a bit repetitive. The game did crash on me several times in the space battle part and graphics also glitched once making it difficult to play (have a high spec PC here with up to date drivers so games rarely crash on me), however still playable with an erection. I found it ammusing the ships could pilot themselves without a pilot at the wheel, and a few other quirks means the game does still need a fair bit of tweaking and balancing. I will probably wait until some more updates or the finished game is released before trying it again, and get a feeling the game will still have limited playability before getting reptitive, but if everything is perfected the limited playability could be really fun which is fine by me."
76561198014853212,Recommended,320340,14048049,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Garod,"I'm usually not a huge Sim/Space fan, but the funny and whimsical maner in which the team has made this game is really entertaining.It's still in early access so there are some bugs, and features being worked on. The Econnomy this game drives on is also still a work in progress.Having said that I've got 11.7 hours right now on file, which means to me it's entertaining.From a value for money perspective 10$ is a really good deal. Would have expected it to be more expensive to be honest so it's an easy steal and an easy recommendation for price/value."
76561198020070503,Recommended,320340,25484927,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,PromethiusTech,"Personly i dont think that my money was waisted on this game and ive had plenty of fun playing it. Yes, its a bit light on the content and yes its a pitty they have chosen to prioretize a difirent projekt but wish them the best of luck. I hope they come back some day to add more content but im happy with the game I got."
76561198041901368,Recommended,320340,25442094,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,keFear,Good game for relaxing.
,Recommended,320340,17455147,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SokAl,"Quite nice piece. Fallout shelter in space with basic trade system. Ok amount of content with crossplatform saves. Lacks code stability and in general more enjoyable on mobile devices, since it can't take alot of your time anyway."
,Recommended,320340,17480886,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,lacranora,"It did not play well with windows 10. It seems to be hit or miss with it. From what I watched on YouTube the game seemed great. I was not able to play because of the issues I ran into with it.Really the game looks fun, seems to be a nice mix of different styles. Once the issue with windows is fixed I plan on reloading it again and playing."
76561198127700339,Recommended,320340,22642520,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,stain_17hawk,"No need to go into a lot of detail so here is basically how I feel about this game:-Its really fun and enjoyable.-Easy enough to jump into & get the ball rolling quickly without wasting to much time trying to learn everything.-Most games bore me quickly but this one I couldn't stop playing.It might not be the game for ppl who like fast paced action packed gameplay but if your into managing a crew, cargo/trading and doing some stratagy based battles all while keeping your company profits, space ship and crew from going under you'll really enjoy this one. What it comes down to is are you more of a Star Wars kind of guy or a Star Trek kind of guy?"
76561198102960849,Recommended,320340,17403171,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,jamesclifford,good game but it keeps crashing
,Recommended,320340,33824044,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,"good fun for a while, haven't played in a while myself, but it looks to have developed quite well since."
,Not Recommended,320340,21933412,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Runesoldier,This feels like an iPad game not a PC game.
76561197987153183,Recommended,320340,17157405,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Rysq,"The answer to your question is yes, you should buy it.The only poor reveiws I see are morons who think this game is trying to be something they have already played. ie: ""its not FTL"".Well thank god, FTL was good, but if it was another FTL, I wouldnt be interested. So go play bloody FTL then....I rather like that this game has its own identity, its not trying to ripoff anything. One can state some aspects have similarities to other games, but then again the market of games is so broad, you can make a 8 bit pixel game in html and it will have similarities to a great many other games. So if your only frame of reference is other games you have played, and not your own vision and imagination, Then I rate your reveiw as thumbs down.This game is as fun and quirky as you might hope at a glance. I have not seen any crashes at all yet despite what some are saying. The game is open world/sandbox in design, thankfully (something FTL wasn't i might add), you control all the basics of crew assignements, trading, intersteller navigating, and of course your ship. You only control them in broad terms however, so I find the game a more casual, and light hearted approach, and I think that suits this games design and style. You wont find to much micromangement, but enough to satisfy a moderate amount of Compulsive Disorder I think. It feels like they have some good balance at its present stage in development and great vision for its future stages.If you wanna accelerate the pace and go pick a fight, you can.Wanna settle down and have a snack whilst slowly zipping from one trade stop to another, you can.Getting bored watching your ship move around and wanna speed things up ? you can.Dont like the way your medic is eyeballing you during your physical, and wanna fire him ? you can ! (there is no physical exams in the game by the way) *phew*In short what I like most about this game is the open ended/sandbox playstyle. Its a fun and playful game, and you can get an excellent and complete taste of the game even in its early access stage. I found my initial playthrough was surprisingly fun, and i left feeling quite excited for this games future potential.I would emphatically recommend this game for its low price, in fact, once its fleshed out in the future, I would pay even more. Its what 12 bucks or something ? Sheesh stop reading these reveiws and buy it, i think most will be quite positively surprised."
76561198073109251,Recommended,320340,17369080,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,willownite,"I don't want to eat, sleep, work or be an adult anymore.  All I want to do is play this game."
,Not Recommended,320340,17345618,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Lord Draxis,Game is bugged and annoying. Dont waste your time.
76561198142925759,Recommended,320340,28622403,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Diaria,After initial mission you can keep playing. Awesome game.
76561198037611628,Not Recommended,320340,17661677,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Billpod,"This is unfortunately a bad game that I think stems primarily from a single issue: pacing. Everything takes place so slowly that it becomes super boring to play. Couple this with some of the unforgiving mechanics and it's too much of a chore.It's a shame too because there are fundamentally some fun features so it could be a nice little space trading game. Nothing is too deep (combat is really simple) and that's fine were it not for the pacing. It is a pretty game though, I'll give it that.So the basically: promising game that takes to long to do anything.2/5 starsTwo other nitpicks:- Really juvenile humor that grates after awhile- Beautiful but clunky interface - there isn't enough information presented in-game about what's going on or how things work"
,Not Recommended,320340,17355994,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Cuthunk,"Sounds like more fun than it is. Buggy, confusing and in reality dull."
76561198107670584,Recommended,320340,13001565,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,lukecorbin123,i set the resilution down all the way noe i can not play PLEASE FIX!!!
,Not Recommended,320340,33077119,Posted: 1 July,all,Vinilly,It's more of a SIMS game no strategy just SIMS management of SIMS needs. SUCKS!
76561198055657247,Recommended,320340,34023162,Posted: 4 August,all,The Pellaverse,fun game....but gets boring after a while
76561198098418510,Recommended,320340,30844051,Posted: 30 March,all,dazknight2631,I thought it was nice for the gender of game it is.
,Recommended,320340,17392662,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Thomas,Pretty Fly for a Space Sim Guy
,Recommended,320340,33588348,Posted: 16 July,all,Igneus Tempus,Its kinda like XCOM and FTL mashed togther. I recommend try it if you like those games if not. Try it if you like strategy games. My scoreGameplay 7/10Graphics 6/10Sounds 7/10Summary 20/30
76561198135278272,Recommended,320340,21932079,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Hahalaweb,"I personally love the art style of this game, and find it fun!!"
76561198061773358,Not Recommended,320340,17407471,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Filane,"I had high expectations for Cosmonautica because its cartoonish art style and the space exploration gameplay were very attractive. However, after playing the game for 12 hours, I must say that the gameplay mechanics are huge disappointments because they seriously lack tactical depth and variety.This game is mainly composed of 2 gameplay components: 1) space combat and 2) interplanetary trading. The mechanics of these 2 components, unfortunately, are completely broken.First of all, for space combat, I can simply use 2 words to summarize it: Use torpedoes. That's it. I'm not kidding. You just need to equip your space ship with tons of torpedoes and you'll win every space combat in this game. Don't waste your time and money on other types of weapons.For space trading, I can just use 4 words to summarize it: Trade high-priced goods. That's it. The profits from trading expensive goods are so high that there's literally no reason at all to trade mid- and low-priced commodities in this game.So, if you want to be successful in Cosmonautica, it's just very very simple: use torpedoes (in combats) and trade high-priced commodities (in trading). The gameplay mechanics are just overly simplistic and broken. Honestly, after playing this game for about 5 hours, I already got very bored. I kept playing for another 7 hours because I didn't want to waste my $15 spent on the game. I wish the new Steam refund policy had been in effect when I bought this disappointing title.Conclusion: Cosmonautica has beautiful graphics, but its gameplay mechanics fail miserably.My review score: 5/10(Updated on 7th Sept 2016: The game is officially abandoned by the developer. My negative review was 100% correct: do NOT buy this trash from the irresponsible developer)"
76561198204540251,Recommended,320340,17321089,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ModalJam24,"It took minutes, hours, days, months, years...well maybe not years but...well...it took a long time to get the outer ring researched. I drive...uh...sail to the outer ring to trade the best quality of goods from the inner ring. As I sail witrh pride and greatness in my huge brand new ship,a pirate runs into me, blows me up...GAME OVERI knew I should of bought that torpedo bay.Still a pretty great game."
76561198002392438,Recommended,320340,17346261,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,toygunsenler,Great entertainement. Loved it so far. 9/10
,Recommended,320340,17319173,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,JimmyTheDeath,"Very Very addictive, all around good game so far, almost 22 hours in few bugs and so far looking good, very enjoyable, only gripe i have is i wish i had baught the game off of there web site so i could have gotten the android version of the game ;("
,Recommended,320340,12136240,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,King Roanoke,Mission Deliver cargo.Time limit: 5 daysSays it takes 5 days to get there.Gets there in 5 days.MISSION FAILED.
,Not Recommended,320340,15922173,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sideswipe,Absolutely broken and unusable.Seriously.The game'sactually broken.
,Not Recommended,320340,17732389,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Bejaaamin,"Really regretting putting more than a couple hours into this game, as I would otherwise be requesting a refund.Don't buy."
,Recommended,320340,12427811,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,iZaphod,"very cool game, feels like a lot of other games put together."
76561198068316418,Not Recommended,320340,16283581,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,RocksN'Minerals,"Boring, tedious, and arbitrary.  No long range goals to aim for and no strategies to develop.  Just research and trade and follow canned missions."
,Recommended,320340,17350757,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Atherma,"Early Access------------------Typical Early Access warning here... It has bugs, deal with it.This game offers what you'd expect from a space trading game, and for the scale of the game it does just about everything well. As a selling point, I found the humor to be a little more subtle than I expected but it avoids topics that would cause concern for parents. The trading aspect provides a balanced build-up and the volumn of ships and trade goods provides more than just a few hours of fun.As I said before, there are bugs. I've had numerous crashes but luckily the auto-save kept me from having to repeat ANY gameplay. I expect the developers will continue updating and enhancing the trading system (which could use a few tweaks), but for what you buy - you get quality."
,Recommended,320340,17342565,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Boski,"Awesome game !!Worth game,,but i hope the crash issue can get fix soon :)"
,Not Recommended,320340,17371965,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Mental Seppuku,"I enjoy the game, but when it crashes over and over again it's simply not a good game."
,Recommended,320340,20837450,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Kevyson,The Best 2D/3D Space Game I've Ever Played With A Great Soundtrack Buy This Game NOW!
76561198072033058,Recommended,320340,19931511,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,I'm the lowest rank in this 5q,"10/10 an hour in and still haven't stopped dancing in my seat. suffering from 80's fatigue, send help."
,Not Recommended,320340,17349325,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,PlasteredDragon,"*Yawn* are weTHEREyet?What a boring game.  Jesus... are there people out there who literally WANT to just sit there staring at their screen while their little ship travels from one world to another?  Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...So apart from the major flaw of being beyong boring, what else is there to say?  It has a vague sort of crew sim, but there's very little you can do to maintain your crew.  Mostly you will watch them walk around, and walk around, and walk around...The tutorial is utter crap.  The interface is hopelessly (and needlessly) complex, and many of the control choices are just silly.  Hint to the clueless, tooltips, everything should have them.It's not worth the purchase IMO."
76561198005384451,Recommended,320340,17340317,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,shai,It is true that the game crashes a lot - too often in my opinion - if it quits early access then it should be stable. But it also offers wonderful graphics and lots of fun if you want a slow paced space sandbox. I still has to open another systems so I don't know if the game will have something more to offer then elements from first solar system. As for know it is very addictive
76561198057785714,Recommended,320340,17473142,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,SpaceCodet,It's okay.
76561198088806725,Recommended,320340,17333732,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,RixAeris,Good GameVersion 1.1.6 still keep crashing
76561198128766105,Recommended,320340,29827028,Posted: 10 February,all,Awaund,"It's a great ""sandbox"" with never ending gameplay and is geat at motivating you.It has a funny and unique way of looking at crewing a spaceship.The difrend people you can hire to your crew and the whole trading acconamy is great.9/10 great at motivating you"
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,320340,18266857,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,AiDec,Not good.
,Recommended,320340,29885538,Posted: 12 February,all,baraba666,"Actually game had wonderfull idea, but poorly developed. Awful combat system and buggy gameplay. They could do remake patch and add more stuff in game, upgrades and rpg content about customizing crew and ship more ...."
76561198032675042,Recommended,320340,18390441,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Tel-Amarth,It's really a great game.
76561198036190117,Recommended,320340,24180854,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Trash Lord,Not sure what all the negative reviews are about. Wasn't really buggy for me at all and I had fun with the game.
76561198007259856,Recommended,320340,20107775,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Topper Harley,nice little game
,Not Recommended,320340,13938940,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,d23_,"Boring.EDIT: Indie/New developers live and die by user reviews so I guess I should try to expand on my already ""extensive feedback"".I purchased this game because it was billed as a cross between FTL and The Sims - both being games I really like (also, I was attracted by the art style, which is nice). Unfortunately it doesn't do either very well.Combat is nothing like FTL; it is very slow paced compared to FTL. At the start of combat, you have to wait for your ship to reach the opponent, and whatever tactical selection you make takes some time to take effect. For example, if you decide to circle your opponent after ramming them, you face an agonising wait while your ship slowly pulls out of range and circles the enemy ship.Outside of combat, there really isn't anything interesting. It's just a simple trading mechanic to get more money to upgrade and unlock new stuff. You can't do anything when your crew is manning the ship. You can't make them talk, you can't make them eat more if they are still hungry. None of your actions have a direct impact on the crew.Oh, and the mouse lag is really really annoying."
76561198019751489,Recommended,320340,26465387,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Roog,Ive had fun with this game. Money well spend
76561198082060984,Recommended,320340,18684587,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,x3918410,its fun
76561197988939691,Not Recommended,320340,13363988,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ed,This is not a smooth playing game.  Not enough to do.
76561198040175746,Recommended,320340,27604136,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Walktall,sad sad case
76561198231625688,Recommended,320340,19052892,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,studio.j.spelthuis,"VERY NICE TO PLAY, I LOVE IT IAM WAITING FOR COSMONAUTICA 2 TO COME,"
,Not Recommended,320340,16448897,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lukas Lawless,"I choosed to pay the guard 1350$ to smuggle illegal stuff, he still betrayed me.8/10 Just like real life.Lets get a little more serious, the text you see above was my original text for this review. I've changed this review to a negative one and I'm going to explain why.This game has beautiful graphics and textures, jokes and potential. However, the developers claim that this game is '1.0.0'. Do you know what that means? It means that this game is done, it's fully released. But this game is not done, the developers could've add so much more; Instead, they start working on 'another project'.The developers aren't♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or something, but they could've at least update this game instead of working on another project. This game isn't bad, but it's unfinished. It's not worth its price.I'll switch this review to a postitive one if the developers will put out some decent updates."
,Recommended,320340,17782215,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,alsonot,"So the best part is the art - it looks like fun, and it is.When I first started playing I said it could use a few more months of development. So the good news is the  game has improved since I first posted the review, I'm going to cautiously recommend it.The reason for the recomendation is not just about stability (which is reported to be improved). It's because I not only enjoyed paying it, but have been thinking of it fondly while I played other light sim/mngt games.  This one still stands out!"
76561197972026503,Not Recommended,320340,17220953,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Wooite,"Below was my initial review on the hopes this game would get better. I've haven't seen much improvement.  So i've changed my recommendation.....Definitely needs more content, but it's fun and has very good potential.I thought I had explored everything, until I found the warp station..... making the game 50X bigger.The fighting does get a little repetitive but that might be because i've been in the starting solar systerm for the first 8 hrs of my game play.I recommend."
76561198062073298,Not Recommended,320340,22602136,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,jp_2day,"It looks like the developers have semi-abandoned this game.March 3, They have said:""Right now we're working on a new project and therefore not full time on Cosmonautica. A bigger update would require a lot of evaluation and maybe re-designing of certain things. Time we really don't have right now, since we're a small team.So for now we will make small changes here and there from time to time and then we'll see how we can improve more in the future.Still, we're not turning our backs and just let this go as you can see. But we hope you can understand our side. ""Yeah well sorry Devs, but this is not the way to go.The game is not finished and some essential core game mechanices have not been implemented, or if they are, they still need a lot of work. We'll see about your promise not to turn your back on this project. I'm sceptical though, as a lot of developers have used this method to get money and bail...My advise to potential buyers: DO NOY BUY or WAIT."
76561197968022659,Not Recommended,320340,33261787,Posted: 4 July,all,Reaper,Game crashes constantly.
,Recommended,320340,17615760,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Infin8,"Edit:After coming back to Cosmonautica, the developer has made good on their promise and made a number of updates to improve the PC version. I can recommend the game now in its current state and right now believe it will get better over time. This game has heart and the devs have heart =).- Game play is the still same as before, but I've noticed more quests than the were before. So that means gameplay has been worked on.- Bugs seem to be gone. Performance is improved.- Proper PC resolution that demonstrates the artstyle of this game.- Multiple technical and gameplay updates since launch.Some annoying bits.- UI still needs work. Buttons and labels look exactly like text at times.- When negotiating with an enemy, how do i know if my deal makes sense? I want his cargo of wine e.g. but I'm not going to remember the price of a unit of wine cargo. I don't think the devs want the game to be this hardcore.(Also I noticed there are finally humans of different races. Didn't matter much to me but lol.)Original negative review=====================================-Premise is good, but ultimately fails to deliver.-Terribly bug/crash riddled.-Graphics are straight from mobile port, so they'll appear extermely fuzzy.-Price differential between mobile and PC version too high with seemingly no extra content.-No updates since launch to fix any issues.I believe this PC port is more than a blatant cash grab and I want to change my review. I hope I won't be disappointed in the end."
76561197964120751,Recommended,320340,14188308,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Hyperlynx,"Well, it's charming and fun to play, but unfortunately the gameplay still has some kinks in it. This game still needs some love and polish, and iterative playtesting, but since I'm actually enjoying myself playing it I have to recommend it.The good: it's fun to recruit a crew, train them up to be an efficient fighting machine, and travel the cosmos in search of fun and profit. This game gets those basics right. And the presentation is absolutely charming. And the solar systems use simple orbital mechanics! As a Kerbal Space Program player that's pretty damn awesome to see.There are some problems that stop the game short of true greatness. Aside from the storyline missions, the gameplay is rather repetitive. When you've seen one system, you've seen them all, especially if you're a combat vessel rather than a trader. There are only a handful of basic missions, and you see the same ones over and over again.There are also some balance/tuning issues that need to be addressed.For one thing, fighting other vessels produces OUTRAGEOUS profit, far beyond anything else. This is because when you're beating the enemy they hail you to surrender and offer money and cargo to let them live. That money is always much, much higher than any possible mission reward you were getting to fight them. A simple bounty mission might be around 7,500 credits, while the ransom is likely to be 42,000!Trading still doesn't produce much profit unless you go for the higher value goods. That's fine, except that when you sell goods to a station they remain in that station and slowly disappear over time (as the inhabitants use them up, presumably). The problem is that this decay rate is far too slow. You end up stuffing the planet full of goods and unable to sell because everyone is still working their way through the last batch. Basically, you have to sell to planets other than ones that actually have a demand for your goods, and I'm reasonably sure that you could glut a whole system without much trouble.Some of the crew roles simply aren't useful, ditto ship rooms. There's a galley that requires a cook to operate, but the starting food vending machine is more than adequate for a full crew, and by the time you've researched the tech for the galley it's a simple matter to research the upgrade that makes the galley operate without a cook. Since upgrades are done by researching a technology, and that technology is used by different unlocks or upgrades, it's quite easy to inadvertently unlock automating the galley because you unlocked the prereq techs for other benefits they unlock.Same story with medics/medbay - the pill dispenser works just as well, doesn't require training, and the medbay gets automated by upgrades.Crew preferences and interactions is a nice idea in theory but it's simple enough to get crewmates who all like the same food and then you never have to worry about it again.There isn't enough different mission text, so missions will repeat constantly. It's a very minor quibble, but it gets annoying reading the same description over and over and over.Basically, the game isn't balanced. The result is there's no real incentive to do anything other than what is most effective (ie, fight ships for outrageous ransoms). In a way you're punished for taking alternate approaches because they're so dismally ineffective by comparison.It feels like this game has tremendous potential that could be unlocked by gameplay tuning. This would turn it from a ""pretty good"" game to an amazingly fantastic one. That said, it's still a pretty good game, and you should get it.-----------------------------OLD, EARLY ACCESS REVIEW:Charming presentation and shows great promise, but needs more work on gameplay tuning before it's actually fun to play. Cargo trading, for example, produces barely any profit.This has every sign of becoming an excellent game, but it's not there yet, so I can't really recommend it (unless you just want to support them). The issues are easy enough to fix by simple iterative playtesting and balancing, so I don't expect this will stay a problem in the future."
,Not Recommended,320340,14677842,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,@theegamerdotcom,"Was loving the game. Had this game since early access. However, the main issue with this game is, the crashing, which is still happening.I was confident, that this would be fixed. Because the Devs were communicating, and very vocal and helpful. Having said that, they still are, however, the crashing is still an issue, especially when i play games for long periods of time, crashing is not welcome from me."
76561198182440577,Not Recommended,320340,21693902,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,#NoNe#,Lost its spark. Not worth the price now.
,Not Recommended,320340,16239741,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Stolij,"i really like the game, but as many people say: its abandoned by the devs. Which is a real shame as it is a fun game, but its a bit buggy.The game is not in development anymore, you may decide yourself if its worth your money."
76561198043985256,Not Recommended,320340,17144961,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,VGAstudent,"Before the game crashed all the time? It was like this...Honestly? The game Cosmonautica is quite entertaining for hours of micromanagement fun. I have been REALLY enjoying the replayability of the game, chosing which ship I want to fly for different types of weapons and crew capabilities! Hiring and firing, losing cargo, losing crew, losing patience when they rant and rave about no bathtubs and they stink in zero g inside a spacesuit they haven't changed in a week.Very cute, and quite a bit of fun!!...but now, since the developers had their hopes on a graphics engine fall through, it's not our problem to worry about, but rather the graphics engine developer to worry about, they're the one's with the history that left many computer users without graphics."
,Recommended,320340,17402595,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Strabo1980,"I can't in good conscience recommend a ""finished"" game that has such a huge stability issue.To be clear, the gameplay itself is enjoyable if a bit repetitive. You sail across different galaxies transporting various goods, passengers, while occasionally (or quite often if you decide to become a pirate/warship) fighting other ships for missions/loot.So, gameplay aside, this Not Recommended is more to do with the fact that you can't play the game for any real length of time. It crashes, A LOT, every half hour or so for me, sometimes more often. Thankfully (or perhaps because of this issue?) the game designers used an auto-save function that saves your game after every major (or minor) interaction, pretty much. It saves it before you enter battle, when you get to, and when you leave a space station. Which is pretty much all you do in this game.The game also has a bad habit of corrupting save files, making them unloadable. This happens rarely, but when you've put 10-12 hours into a game and all of a sudden you can't access it, it's frustrating to say the least.Bacially, unless you have a burning desire to support the developers and their company, I recommend you stay away from this game until such time as they've fixed the game crash issues, or pick the game up at a deep discount. And keep in mind that you only have 2 hours (as per Steams' refund policy) to determine wheather or not you want to keep the game, because chances are you won't get a refund from them past that mark no matter how horrible your game plays. Or doesn't play...EDIT: I went ahead and changed my review to recommended after giving the game another try. While the game did crash a couple times, it did not crash repeatedly minutes after starting. So, as stated above, the gameplay is solid, and now that the game is stable, I would recommend this game if you're into third person space adventure."
