user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197982701264,Recommended,320300,18964559,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Marido,"I almost gave thumbs down... but the game is well-made and it's very relaxing to play it.I learned a bit about car parts, but this game could have more information about parts:-what they are for-if they break what are the consequence and symptoms-how can we damage those parts (so we don't do it IRL)The game is nice, but If we learn more about mechanic this game it would be much cooler."
76561198026236139,Recommended,320300,16328024,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Regen752,"This is among the few simulator games such as Euro Truck Simulator and farming simulator that actually does a good job. Game runs smoothly, has minimal bugs, well designed and is fun.Pros:+Manage your own car garage+Nice textures and models+Test driving+Garage customization+Minimal bugs and glitches+Runs at 60 fps+Developers are actively working on improving and adding features to gameNeutral:~Needs more cars (coming soon in dlc)~Would like to see more cables and parts under engine hood (bit empty atm)~Different engine types would be interesting (diesel, hybrid, older style engines, vans)Cons:(Remember the developers are actively working on this game)-Career mode could use a few more features (ranking, economy, business decisions)-Some UI improvements can be made (selling and buying multiple parts in tedious)-Main car parts are in cars however fuel lines, brake lines, radiator pipes, electrical cables etc are absent"
,Recommended,320300,15570811,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Xylander,"I own an American muscle car custom garage... so the content in this game is something I'm familiar with.  I'll say that, yes this is a game... and a good one.  But, it is a casual sim and not so much like a Falcon flightsim.  For example, changing the brakes on a car is one thing, but in this game you don't have to spend time bleeding brake lines or... running brake lines or electrical lines.In real life, gremlins in the electrical systems (wiring harness, fuses, etc) are what takes up so much of my time.  In this game... they're not even there... really (unless you count ignition wiring).  That could be a blessing or a curse because I hate testing 2 miles of insulated copper wire with a multimeter just to figure out why a car has a mysterious parasitic power drain.  In this game... you're either blessed to not have that tedium or let down without having that real sim experience.Overall, it is a fun GAME.  Little to no bugs.  I only wish the market allowed me to reference my parts list from the build order so I didn't have to go run under the car every time I forgot what suspension part I needed.Overall, I rate it an 8/10"
76561198023770898,Recommended,320300,18927948,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hektik Uleh,"A view from one who both enjoys driving and also swings spanners for a living.TLDR version - A very basic introduction into light vehicle components that feels like it needed another 3 months before release. CMS 2014 is more realistic in many ways - sideways evolution not revolution.Graphics are decent, sounds are reasonably realistic if simple. Music is passable for the first half hour, then gets turned off. An ingame jukebox with your own mp3 folder linked would be great.Into the reason why we play games - gameplay. The main suspension types (live axle and independant) are well represented along with engine choices. What is lacking is any customisation. Once you've put together 20 or so cars the excitement fails and you feel like you're grinding toward a goal you can't see. You cannot change parts from one car to another to improve horsepower or weight like Redline Racer 2 or similar (incidently a very good car modification game but very buggy).In my case, I was grinding for 9k experience, the point in which you can buy parling spaces to get cars from the auctions.I hit 9k, spent my 50g then went shopping at the auctions. Bought an absolute beater for far more then it was worth and took it home. Stripped, rebuilt every component I could, replaced everything else and then looked for a place to market my rebuilt ride.That's strange, I have no auction option...that's right. You can only sell the cars you buy for a set sum dependant on condition and model, not feed it back to the auction where you bought it. You get paid a minor 'restoration bonus' and actually end up almost even steven from where you started, which considering you've just spent the better part of 30-45mins rebuilding this thing is.....disappointing to say the least.This seems to underutilise the potentially exciting platform of the auction. Why couldn't we walk the lot before the auction, checking out the cars beforehand or even meet other bidders?Also on bidding, it seems a very simple but random process - you're not sure why one model car sells for more then the same model in similar condition because you're literally given no information on each unit. Zero. Can't even pan around to see how many panels are missing.Another lost oppurtunity is the test track - this could have been much larger and give the player a challenge or at least a reason not to on-sell a car but alas no.Mods are enabled so the community will probably come to the rescue but they shouldn't have to. The pan speed is excellent however not being able to do anything while draining oil or lowering/raising a car on the hoist is immensely frustrating, can't even check the job sheet.This game is worth money. How much though? To someone like me who already has a sound knowledge base on car mechanics, maybe $5-10. The content there is well done with no bugs I can see which is a pat on the back. I understand it uses DLC and I've bought a couple already, but misses clear oppurtunities to shine using platforms already existing in the game and offers little direction or encouragement to continue either doing customer jobs or rebuilding auction cars. You will get bored at less then 20 hours.If you want a better understanding of cars, this is a good start at least in names of components and different types of suspension. Some little AVIs on how the different suspensions compare to one another in practise would be great to better educate those who wish to play this game as a learning tool.A good crack at a title, but over far too quickly with little replay value.EDIT   -    After playing the 2014 complete version I must say there appears to be more tangible goals at least on the Tuning and 4WD addons, in addition to 2014 having more realistic graphics and engine components (actually has intake from filter housings to throttle bodies unlike 2015). Unfortunately 2014 has slow component removal speed and slow mouse speed and still has limited content..The best CMS would be an amalgam of the best attributes of both with casual/hardcore mods with more complex components and tuning/mix match options"
,Recommended,320300,32717011,Posted: 24 June,all,Pato,Over simplified and a bit repetitive after a while. Good fun for a car nerd like me though!
,Not Recommended,320300,30935736,Posted: 3 April,all,VonFuckoff,"I played this game for a night, a while ago. As a mechanic in real life, I enjoyed the game and figured I'd check back in on it eventualy. Such a great base for a game but a couple small things would really bring it forward and keep the game play fresh. I guess I need more on the management side of it.Fun way to learn some things about cars, although perhaps the game would be harder for people who don't already understand vehicles.I'd change my vote if they had addressed some of the player's complaints to simplify and complicate various parts of the game.As you level up, it would be nice if you have someone who brought the car to a lift and took the wheels off. Or you could provide orders to someone to keep a job moving or put a job back together after you finished the difficult part of it. Or have a rookie who can do the oil change for you.An experienced mechanic RARELY finds himself performing basic services.Parts ordering: 2 years and not a single improvement has been made. With experience, I should be able to get parts on the way or make a check list as to what I need and then go to the computer to have it ordered. I thought the tablet would do this and it doesn't.Typically a mechanic has a list he hands off to someone, and they get the stuff on the way. Would love to see this.I'd also enjoy the challenges of delayed payments, as in the vehicle does just magically fly off the lift and cash goes into the account. You could have your assistant call to inform the customer the car is done, bring it to the parking lot and let you know your ETA on their pick up.Perhaps I just want a little bit more logistics challenge and less repetitive motions on♥♥♥♥♥♥like wheel removal and waiting on long vehicle load times every time I take a customer.Again the game is an awesome concept but could be tweeked for slightly less pointless repetition."
,Recommended,320300,16118826,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Kaneki Ken,"I would really recommend Car Mechanic Simulator for everyone who is interested in cars and how they work. If you have the previous version of this game (Car Mechanic Simulator 2014) and you like it, I still recommend buying the new version since there is a significant update over last version: cars now have much more parts, engines and car bodies can be disassembled and repaired. Now in later stages of game you can buy cars, repair them and sell for profit. The game today also got a FREE content update in form of a new car to repair, the developers said there will be more free content updates. I as a car fan find this game really enjoyable and recommend this to everyone who is interested in cars."
,Recommended,320300,16531689,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Synth,"tl;dr pros & cons list:I recommend you buy this game if you love cars, or want to learn more about cars!Pros:Awesome leap in graphics, game function, and quality from its sequelEasy learning curve, it guides you through what to doA good educational game for learning car partsIt's a learning experience for newbies to cars in general, like myselfA fantastic developer that keeps up with its communityNew content and updates are still coming out since it's a relatively new gameThere's a large variety of vehicles with several different engines and/or arrangements, but variety isn't introduced much until you get more XP which makes senseI'm going to list a lot of cons to balance with the pros, but don't misinterpret it, it's a fantastic game.Cons:Dubstep music on the radio, can easily be turned off howeverThe game holds your hand almost too much once you become proficient and want a challenge, since it doesn't let you mess up assembling the vehicleThere's no tutorial about how to play the game really, but it always shows you the controls and is really easy to figure out for the most partIt isn't a challenge if you're a mechanic, surprise surpriseIt doesn't show you how the parts actually work in the vehicle, if you're looking to learn about thatNow for the non-tl;dr review:It's an incredible leap in quality from Car Mechanic Simulator 2014, and I'm pleased to say it's a full fledged sequel! Everything is vastly improved, especially the graphics and game mechanics (pun intended). They've also added the ability to buy auctioned vehicles, allowing you to fix them and sell them for profit, among some other big new things. The developers are actively updating the game and listen to the requests of its fanbase which is always a great thing to see. I love a dedicated developer that keeps up to speed with its community. Also, there's a growing multitude of cars available to work on, engines have variation most of the time, and while the game has no tutorial, the learning curve is easy to get over once you figure the parts of a car out. It gives you a very easy start, then slowly gets more and more intricate as you become more proficient in your tasks. It actually gets pretty challenging sometimes.A lot of people wonder about how realistic it is, so I will go over that in the next paragraph:I'm no mechanic, so I have no real-life depiction of how realistic the game actually is, but I got an opinion from a friend of mine who really is a mechanic.The original Car Mechanic Simulator is what initially sparked my interest in how cars work, and now this sequel helps me expand on that. Hell, it got me so intrigued I went out to my car to see if I could take the air filter out! I even watched some YouTube videos on mechanics principles. I really didn't care for cars prior. In fact I knew nothing of cars. Thank this game for inspiring my love in vehicles! After talking to a mechanic friend, he does say the game lacks realistic difficulty because in reality, knowing which tools to use and finding out what is broken is only half the battle, and it holds your hand through putting things back together, as well as taking things apart in the right order. In real life, it's far more possible to forget to put something in the car, or to lose a bolt inside the engine which apparently sounds painful to a mechanic. He said you can't simply pull out some parts like the game does, too, such as a gearbox. Also, the engines it has you work on aren't as wildly varying as real life cars. My car engine has many of the parts the game has, and thanks to the game I could identify a few of the things which felt very satisfying since I had literally no knowledge of it prior. Everything was arranged differently than in the game, though. It's possibly true that the game isn't quite spot-on realistic, however there's nothing I know of that's better at teaching you the parts of a car and how cars work. With the incredible leap in game quality in just one year, I wouldn't be surprised if it'll be marginally closer to real life in the next sequel. I'm not IGN and I give this a 10/10, so that should say something! It was well worth the 16 dollars I spent, as you can't put a price on education and inspiration."
76561198013529169,Not Recommended,320300,18124946,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Rodario,"The whole process of repairing a car consists of apparently flying around a transparent car, clicking on rusty parts to make them disappear, and then clicking on their location again to make the shiny replacements appear.After reading its many positive reviews, I expected so much more from this game, especially in terms of realism and educational value.I expected part descriptions, detailing what they do and how they work, not just what they're called.Maybe it's my own fault for once again letting ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" convince me to buy a game I had some interest in, without researching the game's contents more thoroughly before placing my order, but here's what I imagined (apart from what was already mentioned):- Seeing the required tools in action, and maybe being able to upgrade those tools.- Part damage models. Apparently, rust is the only danger to any part, even rubber ones.- A garage management aspect, complete with running costs and equipment purchase/maintenance.- Timers on accepting contracts.- (Generous) Timers on completing accepted contracts.- Cars actually moving and not teleporting between positions.- Fewer loading screens. Way fewer.- Customer satisfaction, raised by completing repairs on time and without performing and billing unnecessary work, leading to repeat business and word of mouth advertising.- Some purpose to money (examples above)These are just off the top of my head.I was also disappointed by the poorly designed interface (e.g. not being able to close a menu with the same key that opens it) and overall extremely slow progression with no other goal than to click on the same parts on different cars and save more money, for... cars in the parking lot?I'm glad a lot of people enjoy this game, but it's not for me and probably not for people with similar preferences, which is why I wrote this review."
76561198046517540,Recommended,320300,16638747,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ben Shapiro (Thug Life),"I ran out of money while restoring a car, so I decided to remove all the working parts of a customers car and sell them.10/10 would chop shop again"
76561198040359748,Recommended,320300,22890113,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,{FSU} Apathy,"If you like cars and working on them, this game is crazy addictive. Very well done. However, some quality of life improvements need implemented.-Load times are atrocious. On a modern machine, simply ridiculous in length. This needs adressed.-The newest DLC is excellent, however, the 1/4 mile needs an option to toggle between manual or automatic, or even a launch control(I realize the older cars don't have this). If you are simply keyboarding, launching a 600+HP vehicle is a terrible chore of finesse. 1/4 mile times will even drop(versus stock, slightly tuned, max tune) until you can find that sweet spot of gear manipulation just to end tire spin. Even then, times are foolishly off what they should be.-No option to toggle KPH to MPH. Small complaint, but important.-When tearing a car down, a lot of the screen is wasted space. They need to implement a menu of items and % you already have in your inventory for each part removed. Maybe something as simple as a top 3 % listing to cut down on menu swapping time. This would fit nicely into some of the empty voids on screen. Whether it shows on part removal or part replacement mode. It would improve gameplay ten folds...-Repairing items at a 90% cap is nice, but when an item is above a certain percentage, say 90-99%, breaking it shouldn't be so simple. Sometimes randomness can cause 100% of these items to break for a LONG stretch. Not a huge deal, but could be improved. Again not huge, but can be very annoying.-New DLC issue, Superchargers/intake can block distributor cap clip on the back side. Real pain even zoomed in to remove or replace.-Load times.-More variety would make it more consuming. Parking lot for customers cars waiting to be fixed(similar to a real shop). More bays. Perhaps even a staff at a certain XP level to allow more projects with less hands on; your staff does basic jobs for you(such as simple exhaust repairs/brakes/etc..) More money sinks. Custom build jobs(This may or may not be in newest DLC,if so disregard), not just repairs. Not everything needing worked on is broke. A lot of customers want a built/modified/improved car out of a perfect performing car.Overall this is an amazing game despite my minor annoyances. Amazingly fun if cars are your thing.  Would recommend to any wrench turner who plays games."
,Not Recommended,320300,34890245,Posted: 11 September,all,Attila Gorilla,"I'll start out by saying that for what it is, it's a decent distraction. If you're a grease monkey looking for the digital equivalent of wrenching on cars this isn't for you. If you're looking for the ability to rebuild a carb, or even the basics like setting ignition timing or torqueing rockers, look elsewhere. As a matter of fact, if you understood that last sentence, you're too advanced for this game. It's a very dumbed down, simplistic approach to automotive repair. This game is definitely NOT a simulator. It's essentially a way for people that have an interest in car repair, but lack any experience with actual automotive work, to feel like they're ""workin' on a car"".Now what this game DOES do, is give the beginner a VERY, and I mean VERY basic idea of how an engine and drive train are put together. You will be bolting on and unbolting basic engine and drive train components. Unfortunately, although the game seems to be targeting the automotive novice, it makes no attempt to help them understand HOW any of it works. It should also be mentioned that if you want ANY depth, get ready to dish out for DLC. Most of which should have obviously been included in the base game.I started this review by saying that it's a decent distraction, and it is. But, can I recommend it as a ""simulator""? That's probably a no. It's simplistic nature combined with it's""dollar you to death"" DLC model leave it wanting in my opinion."
76561198061896831,Not Recommended,320300,17610134,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Random Axis,"Decent for what it is, but marred by poor interface choices and odd limitations.  If you're a huge fan of this type of simulation, ignore everything after this and buy it anyway.Interface awkwardness seems to be common in this sort of game.  I don't know if it's lack of playtesting or what.  ""I"" opens your inventory, but doesn't close it; that's the Escape key.  All the menus are like that.  After you buy cars at the auction, they are sent to your garage's parking lot.  Naturally, you can't go directly there from the auction.  You have to go to the main workshop (loading screen), then to the garage (loading screen), send the car to the workshop, then go back to the workshop (you guessed it! more loading screen).  I still can't think of a reason not to let me just summon the car to the lift like I'm a wizard since that's effectively what's happening anyway.  Even if it takes a single loading screen, one is better than three.The decision on what parts are seems pretty arbitrary.  Things that are just one part: Rear differential, starter motor, the entire transmission.  On the other hand the distributor cap has: ignition wires, clips to hold the cap on, the cap, the rotor, and the housing.  I'd love it if I could work on the bigger complicated parts at the workbench, or use an engine lift to pull the blessed thing out whole instead of raising and lowering the car over and over.I think the biggest disappointment for me is that it only feels like half a game.  You fix cars, but there really isn't any point to it.  Sure you get XP and money to fix *different* things on *different* cars.  It's all without any goal to it.  This game would be much improved if it were mated to a racing game.  Then I'm making money to fix up my car, buying auctioned cars for parts to my car, and using the garage to improve my car.  But nope. I'm just pulling bad parts off of a car, hitting them with a hammer until they are fixed or ruined, buying replacements for the ruined ones, and putting it all back together.  Or rather I was since I no longer play the game."
,Recommended,320300,21695873,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Set,"it's very good game i like it . i can play it all day if i can but there is a problem , everything is perfect.  its good for game but not for a ""simulator"" .  i will list what can make this game better ıf u want read.1) more dirt, oil stains + cleaning .2) customizable personal office.2) negotiating the terms and price  + other competition.3) more ingame internet site for selling or buying stuffs.(second hand + stolen goods)4) dealing with cops or criminal.5) disassembling stolen cars in time limit for extra cash.6) worker for transportation or basic jobs7) advertisement +personal  online gallery for sales8) ingame upgrades +better wc + bigger ofice + coffe machine  + better not laggy computer( for start lagging computer)9) we need ingame  additional expenses (gloves , dresses, bills , lost+broken equipments )more realism = more simulation"
,Not Recommended,320300,32760067,Posted: 25 June,all,BlueRaja,"I was hoping to actually learn something about cars.  Unfortunately this game seems to be a clicking simulator - you right-click a bunch of times to remove parts until you've removed the one you need, then you right-click a bunch of times to put everything back.  There is no information about what any of the parts you're removing do.  There is no ""diagnosis"" stage, where you figure out what is wrong.  There is no difference between any of the parts, except where they are located.  You just replace whatever parts the game tells you to.How anyone could find this fun is beyond me."
,Recommended,320300,16682571,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,xenolithix,"It's 5 AM and I'm seeing rubber bushings when I close my eyes. This is one of those games that doesn't give a defined point for you to leave off, and that's to its benefit! Just when you get done replacing yet another set of brake pads, and bring the car down from the lifter to return to its underpaying owner, the phone rings. ""One more..."" you mutter, as you stride across the strangely glistening and clean floors of the garage to the phone on your desk ""Just one more...""I've only played for an hour and a half, but I can already tell that by the time I'm done clocking hours on this game, I'll be just about ready to drop everything and enroll in a trade school to become an actual mechanic. When I'm forty and bankrupt with a failing garage somewhere in Georgia, I will look back on my choices to see how I got there, and realize this game was the cause of it all.Will potentially ruin my life/10"
76561198010992197,Recommended,320300,27658666,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,T H E G O O D B O Y,*Buys game as a joke because it's on sale for 5 dollars**1 hour later*♥♥♥♥♥♥... I'm addicted.
,Recommended,320300,23741230,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sir Crow,"Well. It's fun.As a simulator, it's very unrealistic. Where is the screaming at the car for being the way it is? Where is breaking bolts? Where is the part where you just say ♥♥♥♥ this and throw your rag down and chill for awhile?Fun game. Makes me hope my job will be that easy and quick one day."
,Recommended,320300,23570853,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Crow,"This game has ruined simulator games for me, forever.Not in a bad way, mind you. This game is the absolute epitome of what a simulator game could be. It is dynamic, engaging, has a super-supportive dev community, and has a list of stuff they are patching in that lists nearly 100 user submitted ideas.  It's a puzzle game that is varied, and not super-difficult, yet it's not easy either. It's dead easy to get into, but engaging enough to let you spend hours and hours on. The DLC is more like nifty add-ons, and not core pieces of gameplay, and you could enjoy the whole game perfectly well, even if you didn't buy them.I really can't give this game anything else but a solid, and well-deserved, 10/10. As far as simulator games go, devs of other games better sit up straight, and start taking notes. This could potentially be the game that blows the whole market open, and bring in a new world of simulation sub-genres to whole new audiences.And on top of all this, it is hugely informative. I have learned the internal workings of a car, through component parts of small engines, from 4-cylinder junkers, all the way to supercharged V8 Overhead Valve muscle cars.Get this game. It's a steal, at $20. It's totally worth every single cent.This is the game, for which, I will forever compare other simulator games to.And yes, all of the others pale in comparison."
76561198001243446,Not Recommended,320300,28272174,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Death,"It’s a decent game, but it’s not a real sim and its very repetitive.Why it’s not a sim (at least to me).  When I think of a simulator, i think everything should be how it actually is irl (or relatively close to it).  This game is just that, a game. Parts of the mechanic part they got right, but read on for what they didn’t...There are other reviews saying its repetitive, but I though hey, it’s a game about fixing cars... you are going to repair the same issues many times.But it goes far beyond that. Every modern v8 - exactly the same engine.  So if you are working on the challenger knockoff or the bmw knockoff, they are identical motors.*edit* even though modern v8's in all vechicles are identical, you can't supercharge (swap) them when they are in a truck.My other gripes;Parts are invented, the 'press in' splined hub 'bearing' that is in every car... it’s actually part of the hub (the part you bolt your wheels to) and cannot be removed.Part names are made up.  in game; rear suspension arm 'x'y'z', = irl; trailing arm, rear upper/lower control arm.I really bought the game because when I played the demo there was a 'mods' section on the title screen, making me think, hey user mods for this game should be awesome!... yea... there's 1 mod... and it’s a track...Auction- no cars go unbid on.  There is always ai to bid you up on everything, and not just a few times.  The ai bids you up 20-30k in some cases.  Example; wanting to buy a GTR (not the Nissan version, some made up GTR) go to a few auctions to see what the sell for when im not bidding.  30k-42k. seems like a decent price.  go to a fresh auction and start trying to buy one.  Lowest I have gotten one is 53k highest was 62k, where is my 30k GTR?Rex, when I’m not bidding 32k.  When I’m bidding 50-60k.Overall, then game has a lot of potential but it’s not at all what I had hoped for.I would still recommend the game if you know nothing about cars, as this will teach you a lot (just don’t pay attention to the names of the suspension parts)."
,Not Recommended,320300,26445329,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,void,"While fun at first, the game gets very repetitive and, frankly, boring after some time. I believe this game will only be fun to someone who doesn't know much about cars and their maintenance.First, I played on normal difficulty - dropped it quickly, too easy.Then expert difficulty - still too easy. Incidentally, removing parts of the user interface is just annoying, and not difficult (e.g. money and xp).The devs would need to do something about it to make the game more challenging. Call it master difficulty:Re-assembly is way too easy with assisted ordering and highlighting. I mean, if you forgot to put something in - it should stay forgotten. And if you're finishing an order, game shouldn't kindly tell you that you've forgotten some crucial part somewhere. A true mechanic should face the consequences! Be it money or warranty work.Damage/wear model is too simple, just rust or certain belt marks. And there should some kind of 'fog of war' for rust, otherwise it's too easy to spot rusty parts.Want to get really technical? Lay out OBD in full: fault codes, oxygen sensor data, fuel trims, air data! And graphs too!Out of all different engine liquids, there's only oil now. Well, should be more, with level checks, certain type of damange (leaking), etc.Greases? A good portion of car mechanics is about greases. Of course, this one is hard to implement in a game reasonably.Car problems are a bit random. IRL physical problems are often localized: i.e. you struck a wheel on something - a wheel and local suspension parts would be affected. And IRL engine problems are often conceptually connected: for example, a low level of engine coolant would lead to overheating, worsening oil state and inducing piston wear, etc.Payment should reflect the work required. My impression is that in CMS 2015 your bonus (i.e. profit) depends on the part costs, and not on work required to get to those parts.Also, I've seen CMS 2014 having repair order comments like ""I lent the car to my wife, and now my suspension is ruined!"" That was a nice touch, pity there's nothing like this in CMS 2015."
,Recommended,320300,17625879,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,SpaceMuffinAlex,Because a car won't start without the Clip A
76561198059579469,Recommended,320300,32175183,Posted: 4 June,all,YoloSwag,"The best game I've played so far.Update suggestions which would add to the game even further:- Worn pistons would reduce engine power, etc.- Cars would be able to exchange more different engines.- Add different rims- Add car body partsRespecting car repairer --->"
,Recommended,320300,22872591,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,goophbal,"Love this game, learned so much about cars from this game.  Not only a great game, but a great learning tool to help you understand the workings of automative engineering and design."
,Recommended,320300,17260098,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Wif,"THE GOOD:  Improves upon many aspects of the original, upgrade points for talents, customisable workshop.THE BAD:  Somewhat repetitive (par for the course for sim games though), if you don't know car anatomy basics you may struggle.It is nice, easy and pretty relaxed.  There's no timers so you can take as long as you need to fix a car.  You can't really lose at this game, but you'll still be mildly challenged."
76561198010168634,Recommended,320300,15240679,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,James_Enfield,"This is one of the greatest kickstarter games I've ever seen. I played CMS 2014 to remind myself great times when I was ""wasting"" my life in Gearhead Garage but unfortunately it was only like demo version of it. CMS 2015 is completely different - whatever was good in 2014 is still here but many features were developed further. There is more cars, more parts - more of everything. And finally we can go to auction and pimp wrecks to collect them or for sale. Graphics are brilliant for such low budget product. You can do OBD scanner tests, test drive or measure electrical performance of various components. It's a perfect sim for all moto-fans. Recommended and Kudos to polish developer."
,Recommended,320300,15793810,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,JPence14,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 has become one of my favorite games to play, I just can't quit playing it.The main thing that makes this game fantastic is that it is extremely educational. I began mechanically ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and actually learned a whole lot about the functions of a vehicle.Pros:- Beautiful graphics.- Good car selection. (clearly knockoffs, but you can take a good stab at what they represent)- Plenty of parts to disassemble and reassemble.- Doesn't just hold your hand and tell you every move to make. (Some may not consider that a pro)- Is definitely realistic, and now I can trust myself to change sparkplugs. :pCons:- I learned from this game that the key way to identify a messed up car part is to find the absolutely rusted-over part, and remove it. I believe that if the creator(s) were to create cracked, dented, crushed, and other affects to try to identify, that it would be a little less cheesy, and a lot more challenging.- No trucks. I will live until this issue is fixed though. :)- No transmission repair. I feel as if the game has very in-depth repair abilities, such as being able to gut out an engine and lift the whole thing out, but as far as gearbox operations, you don't get to jack with the transmission at all, you only have to replace or repair the gearbox as a whole without messing with the transmission or the overall mechanism inside of the gearbox itself. (I STRONGLY DESIRE THE ABILITY TO DO THIS)9/10 Absolutely recommended, would be 10/10 if it weren't for a few minor things like what I mentioned above."
,Not Recommended,320300,32737161,Posted: 24 June,all,Syragar,"At first I was very supportive of this game.  But due to the way existing customers are being treated, I have to give this a thumbs down until they change their ways.  If you want the full package, you can download the platinum edition for $13.60 in the current 2017 summer sale.  However, for those of us who already had the gold edition, we don't have the option to buy the platinum edition because we already have some of the DLC.  Our only option is to buy the DLC individually which (in my case) totals up to $15.73.  I know it's only a couple of bucks... but it seems unfair that someone who has never bought the game can buy it for less than someone who is already a loyal customer.  We should at least have the option to buy the platinum edition... regardless if we have the DLC or not.Also, this game doesn't work in Windows 10 without a little tweaking (although they may have fixed it by now... I don't know.  And how can you make a game with ""2015"" in the title that doesn't work in Windows 10?!?).  There is a solution to the problem, but the way they posted the solution made it difficult to find... resulting in numerous posts in the forum.  I took it upon myself to help a lot of the people in the forums that are having the problem.  I contacted the dev about possibly making a sticky so players can easily find the help they need... and they were not very polite in their response.  Until things change... I can't see myself giving them any more of my money... especially if they're going to force me to pay more than someone who has never bought from them before."
,Recommended,320300,15646291,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Fulysic,Well time for quick review still playing this game and wow so much better than 2014 im very impressed at what they have achieved so far .It pull's you in and gets you hooked pretty quick but people must be aware that it can be repetitive but if that's your sort of thing this is game for you.It is well optimized and performs great and still has easy to follow game playPros:Big improvement form 2014Great work ordersClean layoutEasy to understand job ordersPlenty of new content with more to come soonLooks amazingVery cheap pricevery well thought outDevs listen to the gamersCons:Some car  engine sounds need to be improvedSome cars that are rear wheel drive behave as front wheel drive
76561198337658805,Recommended,320300,32035656,Posted: 28 May,all,CR45HnBURN,"Back in the day there was a game called Gearhead Garage and this is it on steroids! Its fun, challenging, and is great to pass the time. If you add some of the DLC it makes it so much more fun and its affordable! Check it out and enjoy!!"
,Recommended,320300,32697658,Posted: 23 June,all,Steele,"Good game. Simple enough for just about anyone to pick up, satisfying to work your way through cars.This game actually gave me the final push to being a real ""car guy"" after being afraid of taking things apart and ruin something in real life. The basic understanding I got from this game of how parts relate to each other helped me to learn a lot. Obviously real cars are more complicated, since oftentimes taking a part off in CMS is one click, where in real life you have to mess with a bunch of awful clips or do it in an enclosed space, but the general construction is accurate.Recommend for anyone with an interest in cars or someone who wants a satisfying puzzle game that involves taking things out and putting them back together."
,Recommended,320300,25849963,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ikaruwa,"I received a job to discover the cause of knocking in the engine compartment of a truck comparable in size to a Ford F-250, sporting the conjoined twin of engines known as a V8. I spent 45 minutes removing piece by piece of the engine block until I had reduced the thing to just a chassis and its suspension, and still I couldn't figure out what part was causing the issue. I started taking the entire truck apart, and about an hour in, I discovered that the air filter compartment's lid was busted.I made $20.Surely, this is the most realistic car mechanic simulator in the world."
76561198154954200,Recommended,320300,31181957,Posted: 16 April,all,Divaulti,"First of all, this game, although basic in some situations, is a pretty good game if you like working with cars or want to know a little bit more about how a car is put together. There are a few problems with this game though, some major and some minor problems.For example: The time it takes to load a car into your workshop after you accepted a job, bought one from the auction or made a test drive in it is long, and sometimes longer than I like.The second major problem is that there isn't much of a story with each job. I've played CMS 2014 and in that game you get to see a little story about why the car is in the garage in the first place. In CMS 2015 you just get a list of parts that need to be fixed (in the beginning, later that list of parts is mostly gone and you just have to look for the broken parts) and that's it. This makes the game a little less personal in my opinion.The third  major problem involves the dlc's available. For some reason, the delevopers thought it'd be a good idea to put the content from the dlc's in the game before said dlc is purchased. This way, the delevopers look like a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that just want to make as much money as the can.And now some of the minor problems:- The engine sounds aren't very... uhm... realistic...- even if you buy a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car from the auction, the only parts that can be missing are the body panels. I'd like to see something like various parts missing from a car whilst it's still able to be put in the shop.- you can only give your car one color if you paint it. It'd be nice if you can put stripes or things like that on a car and give them another color.- you have to buy every part you need individually. If there'd be an option to select how many parts you want that will make it both easier and more realistic.So the game's pretty good as far as basics are concerned, but there's just a couple of things that make the game less realistic. Still, wheter you like realism or not, this game is pretty fun."
76561198096105134,Recommended,320300,15604740,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kodiak,"I won't claim to know everything about cars, I would struggle to fix a car if someone gave me a step by step 'Fixing a car for dummies' book. That said, this is a good start for anyone remotely interested in fixing/repairing/replacing parts.While there are some things I could criticize, like the 'instructions not clear enough - private parts stuck in engine block' tutorial, it's quite easy to get into and play with little hand-holding. The part repair system could use a little work imho, the paint shop seems a bit redundant at times, the auction camera needs a bit of fixing, and some other small things.Overall for a game of this style, having that balance between a gearhead's game and a general indie style game is hard to get right. This game gets it right. It has enough depth and detail to actually make me stop and think about what I'm doing and what steps I should take to complete the repair, but not too much that I have to call my mechanic friends/family and ask them what I need to do.The game is easy to get into and very fun to play, again balancing gameplay and detail/realism. The number of times I've had to replace a crankshaft after I've already taken apart the clutch housing and reassembled it......There are a few things that needed work, but mostly just quality of life improvements that could be changed/added in a patch. No major problems to speak of.I wish some of the 2014 features were there, like the sense of progression from a garage to a multi-car shop, or the 'replace the missing parts from my new used car purchase'.Yes you will replace brakes a thousand times, yes you will change thousands of filters, yes you will find the same problems coming up time after time. This is the life of a mechanic. Cars need brakes, cars need new filters, mechanical things break, and often times it's the same things that break. I would recommend that you see the 'monotony' as a more realistic representation of how it is to fix cars in a shop. Your car will need new oil, it will need a new timing belt at least once in its life, it's just a fact to live with.The thing I personally like, having recently gotten to that point, is once you can purchase a parking garage and go to the auto auction to purchase broken down piles of scrap, and turn them into like-new beauties to sell. The trailer/intro video shows this, starting with a car that may be missing half of the body, trying to repair as many parts as possible to save money, and buying what you can't fix. By the end you can decide whether to just replace the really bad parts, or completely renovate the body, engine, and suspension to brand new quality. It adds a sense of accomplishment to the end game (which some may say is desperately needed after changing 1000 brake pads), and keeps you playing.TL;DR: It can be boring, but it's worth it to anyone even remotely interested in cars. Just buy it. (Though if still in doubt - wait for a sale, $20 USD may be a bit steep for some)"
,Recommended,320300,15573483,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,hibikir,"This game is a wonderful mix of an intro to car components and a D&D dystopia.Instead of making different parts show that they are worn and broken using a variety of techniques, the game uses only one. RUST.So imagine we are handed a relatively new car that has some suspension problems. We pop the car on a lift, take a look at the undercarriage, and we find pristine parts, right next to others that look like they've been randomly touched by a rust monster. This makes the game into quite the amusing ""find the rust"" quest.Added hilarity comes from antique muscle cars. I've opened the hood just to find an engine that must have been submerged in the ocean for 100 years. You want me to fix your engine? The engine block is made out of rust! There are a whole 5 push rods and two spark plugs that are in sensible shape! But the customer is the customer, and we get to disassemble the entire engine, but 40+ new parts, and somehow put them together, with new pristine parts next to others that somehow, despite being quite rusty, do not need a change. Yes sir, I'll only change 5 pistons, even though the other 3 are at 30%. I am sure you want to pay for another mechanic to rebuild your engine again in a year when those old parts fail, right?The game's biggest issues today are the fact that the game refuses to list the defective parts when I am in front of the computer, ordering replacements, so I either have to use paper, or just make multiple trips to the in-game parts store (Just imagine how long that would take IRL if a mechanic did something like that). The second issue is that the game wants you to replace the broken parts with newer ones that meet specs, but it has to be in the exact same position. So, say that we have an 8 cylinder engine, with its 16 pull rods. 5 of them are broken and need replacement. the rest do not, but they are so used they are not good as replacements. We also have to change the crankshaft, which involves removing the engine heads where the pull rods fit. So after we disassemble everything, and put on the new crankshaft, and put the engine heads back, then comes the game of trying to figure out which location to put the new pull rods, as we've already taken all of them out. So I end up pushing O a lot, and seeing if, after placing a new part, the game actually thinks it counts as a repair. if it doesn't, I have to take the part out again, and then put an old one, Repeat until you find all the new replacements, or just give up, and purchase all the parts new.Overall, it's a fun game, as long as you don't take it too seriously. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,320300,24205139,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JDxSmOkErZZ,"Probably the best sim game there is in fixing cars. I work as a mechanic in real lif and this game is a good way to learn the parts, how they work and kind of shows you how to fix them. My friends have played this and said they feel they've learnt more about cars. Plus being able restore cars and turn a profit and also having the ability if you buy the DLC to tune the cars and do drag runs. Probably one of the best car mechanic sims i've played and i recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,320300,22703053,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,dumbhat,"Strangely relaxing, there's something meditative about unscrewing virtual bolts and replacing faulty virtual brake pads, and I'm not even that interested in cars.I even learned something in the process, however, the game would probably benefit from having a clearer link between faulty parts and symptoms."
,Recommended,320300,23997470,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Thommo95,> Open's up game> Ignorantly thinks car mechanics are easy> Spends half hour looking for a rubber bushing> Rage quits<Returns> Finds out the issue isn't anything to do with the rubber bushing10/10 would scream at again.
,Not Recommended,320300,31347898,Posted: 24 April,all,Beaker,"OK Red Dot Games, you finally made me write my first negative steam review. That´s something you should be proud of and I guess that you´ll get a steam achievement for being the most arrogant and ignorant developer 2015-2017.You´ve advertised that game with steam achievements and even had an example achiev on display when I bought it 2 years ago. Achievs have been listed in your ""work in progress"" list until you´ve recently erased that entry. You fraudulently mislead me and others and even started making fun of the guys still asking for achievs in the game forums.While developing and releasing a zillion DLC you completely ignored another big fraction in the community and didn´t find the time to add keybinds.The question wether those features are important is besides the point: You´ve promised the one thing and didn´t deliver and you could have easily helped players struggling with the UI with the other. You didn´t. Shame on you!"
76561198134317914,Recommended,320300,25596390,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"I've played this game a little bit, and don't get me wrong, the premise of the game is great. It's a barebones, basic simulator of what it can be like to work on cars. As a schooling technician, this game is a fun time waster and it has just enough vagueness to keep it from feeling like actual work.However, this game is a DLC generator. There has not been any actual progress on the game in a very, very long time. They will add one or two cars with very little variation between the previous vehicles in the game. A new engine model but that's kind of useless when it's all visuals. In the early days, they talked about adding all sorts of features, only to later tell they were limited by the game engine in what they can do. It really bums me out because this game had SO much potential to be ""more than your average simulator"", it had potential to be something great enough to be raved about, but I do not see the effort being put forward to improve the game anymore. It's just a DLC of a couple cars every few months. Because of that, I find myself playing other games more often than this one these days.This game is a good game to play and zone out while doing so (if you really understand the cars) or an interesting abstract puzzle game, however I can only recommend it to someone so long as they know that actual improvements or content is pretty much gone with the wind at this point."
,Recommended,320300,15358065,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Dogmaticus,"I love this game. Period.I don't know much about cars, and even though I always enjoyed car tycoon games, I never really got into any ""mechanic simulator"". Until now. This is pretty much a 3D puzzle connected with company (car garage in this case) management.You get to repair the cars, earn money, and then improve the garage. On top of this you can purchase old, ruined cars on atucion, and bring them back to life to either sell them, or... have your own collection. And yes - you can test drive the cars (which is sometimes necessary in order to know what's wrong with a car).I really enjoy this game, and can absolutely recommend it."
76561197969912105,Recommended,320300,33484205,Posted: 12 July,all,Llew Corgilligan,"Pros- You learn the basics of car mechanics- A fair amount of hours of gameplay- In the start the XP locks gives you something to work forCons- Oversimplified- Repetitive- Once you reach the XP lock the game becomes painfully (yes again) repetitiveThis is a great game for people who likes cars and/or simulators. As mentioned you try hard to reach the XP lock. Afterwards you try out the now unlocked auction function. You fix a bunch of cars and whoops. Painfully repetitive.I can't tell if this is worth the full 20€ price. However i can tell you, that if it is on sale (10€-ish or less) this is definately a must-have for your steam library!8/10 would painfully restore yet another car"
,Recommended,320300,23746549,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Archiepiscopus Flabrus,"A good time for anyone remotely interested in cars.  Slightly generic in the sense that ""all V8s are created basically equal"", but still lots of fun.The one downside is the HORRIFICALLY UNFORGIVABLE loading times.  Seriously, go make a ♥♥♥♥ing sandwich on a loading screen.  SSD, quad core CPU, doesn't matter.  You're waiting forever. Makes things like the drag strip really ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating."
76561198112835675,Recommended,320300,16002928,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,clarkejamie871,Better than Car mechanic sim 2014
,Recommended,320300,31689850,Posted: 11 May,all,Delly,"I was thinking long and deep about how to rate this game. On one hand, I really like the gameplay, controls are good, easy to learn and practical, soundtrack is catchy if a bit repetitve over time and graphics are all that I would want from a game like this - it's not a AAA game, and the focus is not on graphics.Now the core of the game - Mechanics. They are... decent. I've seen games with a much worse car mechanics when it comes to disassambly... But also... With better. I won't name though. If you like to just take apart an old, rusty car and fix it up, or just want to learn the basics of how cars are made up, then this game is for you!The models are nice, I drooled over some of them, though those were mostly the DLC, Licensed ones...Which... brings me to the disadvantages.The first one: Usually, different models of cars only have a different engine and car body. The rest is re-used, so do not expect a completely new and different cars with every new DLC. Also, the way things go, also do not expect much more new content for the base game, as most is focused in the DLCs.BUT, and this is a big BUT, DLCs in this case (Unlike one other particular game, I am looking at you, TS!), they are justifiable because the DLCs feature actual car brands with official models, and for those a LICENSE, which from such a huge companies like Maserati is not exactly cheap... So, adding those cars into the base game is... kinda suicidal for a company.Though then, there are other DLCs that I feel really should have been added into the base game, rather than a standalone downloadable content. Those include mainly the DLCs that only feature slightly re-done models of cars that were already in a game, only with a tweak or two, or just add only one new feature (Like the most recent Car Stripping DLC, sure, it costs just 1€, but it is still a single feature that should have been a part of the game for free. Other indie games release huge updates with hours of new playtime, and completely free of charge!)And that brings me to my final point - The base game is... Quite frankly, boring and overly repetitive and with only a few car models. With the DLCs, it can be a lot of fun, and last a couple of good hours.Even now, when I got through all of the content with all the DLCs, I still come back to this game when I want to relax for a bit after a hard day at work, and just... stop thinking.So, overall, I do think this game deserves a positive raiting. But only because Steam only allows ""Possitive/Negative"" and not ""Medium"", otherwise, I would have given it that.7/10 for me."
76561198139147719,Recommended,320300,15670235,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,whitmore1991,"Being a real mechanic and MOT tester this game is brillant, yes granted game is not accurate to the point of making sure timing is not out when doing cambelt, so people be warned this game will not teach you how to change your own cambelt lol.Saying all of that this game gives you great understanding of all components.Sad thing is i work on cars for a living but yet this game is sooo addicting i can not get off it  !!!!Im really fussy when it comes to games what involve cars due to me working on them everyday.Only thing i dont like about this game is you can not drive your cars properly after doing a full restoration this is def something needed for the futureI rate 9/10"
76561198084102391,Recommended,320300,29944831,Posted: 15 February,all,agrimes,"Have to give this one a cautious thumbs up. There aren't enough customization options in the base game, and the game is a bit over-monetized. That said, it still plays pretty well and has a fairly good feel to it. It does have a couple of issues that I'll correct right now...1. the radio is under the window cill behind the Right Lift.2. The unlockable diagonistic tools can be activated using F1-F3 when in examine mode when looking at the engine. I didn't discover this until 100+ hours into the game.So except for those usability fails, it's a pretty interesting game... Has an issue with part identification in expert mode tho, ie there's no manual to refer to to figure out which part to put on a car if you sold the old ones too soon."
76561197979476872,Recommended,320300,15527703,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,TheManicDepressiveShammy,I'd say this game simplifies a mechanic's life the same way ArmA simplifies a soldier's life. The basics are there and they work together to give a passable experience.
,Recommended,320300,30511502,Posted: 14 March,all,Broon,It's the sort of game that you start playing and then realise the time and can't believe you've spent 5 hours playing it.The only thing that would make this game better is if they had a Classic Mini DLC. /hint
76561198141961638,Recommended,320300,30627736,Posted: 19 March,all,WWBender,I stripped cars good parts and replaced them with broken partsMade a fortune and never got caughtThe I tried Car Mechanic Simulator10/10 Realism
,Recommended,320300,29834542,Posted: 10 February,all,🐺Nimdo🔰,"This game is a big improvement over the 2014 version, it only has one big flaw, IMO it gets boring after awhile, i can't blame the devs, being a mechanic kinda is like that, you do the same jobs 1k times during the carreer... sometimes something more challenging comes and thats it, dlcs are a great way to have some action but i find them expensive for what they offer.The game can teach you some stuff but nothing out of the basics... this can be great for starters so they dont get too confused but for someone like me that has will to go deeper, it can disapoint a little.I recomend this game, it could be better but atm it is the only good option if you want a car mechanic sim, so it's this or nothing."
,Recommended,320300,32696516,Posted: 23 June,all,TheGrimReaper12345678905,Cracking sim game just be prepared for some tedious work at the beginning for around 20 hours till you can really get into it
76561198029181649,Recommended,320300,15590570,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Raub,"CMS 2015. This game in my opinion is a major step forward and up from what CMS 2014 was. Yes there is no drag racing or doing 4X4..yet. I have thouroghly enjoyed several new aspects of the game. The fact that the camera is easier to control and doesn't snap or go to awkward angles like it did in CMS 14 is a huge plus for me. I also love that you can take a motor alll the way down to the block and rebuild it. Heck you can strip the whole car down and rebuid, I'm loving how in depth they have gone with this new release. I only see the game getting better as they update and release DLC. If you love getting your hands dirty, at least virtually. This game is for you."
76561197987512901,Recommended,320300,15594466,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Artichoke D,"A huge improvement over Car mechanic simulator 2014, which I really enjoyed.There's a lot more detail and lots of new parts. Looking forward to new engine types and even more detail in the next one."
,Recommended,320300,22920990,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,CrabPeople,Tried changing oil. Oil missed the pan. $100 to clean up.10/10
,Recommended,320300,31512151,Posted: 2 May,all,MrEtela,"Okay, one more contract before going to bed...Oh... it's 4am..."
,Not Recommended,320300,31178475,Posted: 16 April,all,Forumtroll,"Ok, this is not going to be a pleasant read, nor will it be flattering for the developer.To begin with, I'd like to point at the interface. It is, simply put, horrible. No consistency between key mappings to open and close any given window. There is no way to reconfigure keybindings. And, before I forget, there is the horrible way of trying to unmount car parts by precision rightclicking or else you're screwed.Adding to the frustrations of having to deal with the interface, comes the marathon running you have to do between computer, car, and/or other things. The oil collector can is always placed as far as possible away from the cars (in the customer lounge area (!!!)), and you cannot run. Yes, I'll redact my statement about marathon runs, this is like walking a marathon.The level of detail on the car parts is pretty much in the middle. Not bad, but not good either. Completely mediocre, in other words. Trust me when I say this, I've spent countless hours rebuilding my first car from a wreck to a car that was safe to drive. This is a game, and I acknowledge the need to simplify some things, but the interesting parts of a car is completely left out, such as the magnificient gearbox. The gearbox is an entire minigame in itself (or as Haynes' manuals say: Please don't do this, you'll regret it!), and to see the gearbox being an atomic (that is undividable) part, I find myself grossly disappointed. Furthermore, the joy of the differential is also left alone.Then there is the joys of timing belts and chains, timing gear adjustments, the wonders of camshaft misrotation, valve clearance measurement and trimming, valve seal gasket changing, cylinder head gasket changing, piston ring changing, oil pump maintenance, PCV (positive crankcase ventilation) box changing and overhauling, flametrap changing, etc.. The list goes on forever, and all these fun activities to be had under the bonnet are missing. The game itself gives you a chance to experience how it is to unscrew/fasten some components and that's it! The joy of badly fitting replacement parts (such as the timing belt cover) is nowhere to be seen.But I digress. Let's move on. Music, or should I say the complete lack of it. Yes, they have some sounds in sequence that some call music present, but it is annoying at best. Having to listen to it non stop gives me a bloody migraine. On top of that, after researching a little, I find the developer chose to use Creative Commons music, i.e. royalty free music, and that explains a lot. Especially one song is really abrasive to the ears, and I find myself screaming to the computer whenever it comes on, mostly because the girl is atonal and can't sing without missing 7/10 tones. Even my neighbor rang my doorbell and wondered when I was going to shoot that cat. When I buy a game for 20 dollars, I feel ripped off when I discover the game developer was too much of a frugal git to include proper music, and went for the royalty free♥♥♥♥♥♥Get this game as a gift for someone you hate. Do not buy it for yourself.Good grief, I thought this was a mean reddit/3+1 chan (steam censors their name, wow) joke, but it seems to be meant as a commercial game."
76561198018847741,Recommended,320300,16195108,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Brasidas,"Good game. It does what it was designed to do very well, if you like cars, and sims. I found it pretty relaxing taking cars apart and putting them back together. That said, here's a summary of what I think are the strong and weak points of this game:Pros:Unique idea (to me anyway), running your own garageNicely rendered cars and mechanically logical design/engineeringFun upgrades to your workshop can be added (e.g. custom colors from your spray booth)Cons:Greater role-playing elements would make this good game greatDon't really see the purpose of the ""test track""Limited toolbox upgrades -- I have so many upgrade points and can't do anything with themMinor grouse -- slow loading times, especially to auction, parking, garage, etc. surely this can be improved?Music was driving me batty after a while, but you can shut it offGets repetitive after a while, especially without new cars, challenges, etc., which meansLimited replay value, unless you find taking cars apart relaxing, like meI know there are more cons than pros, but the weight of the pros is higher than the cons. I had fun. Worth getting -- even more so if on sale.7.5/10"
76561197969987658,Not Recommended,320300,18963811,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Erlandr,"I'm on the fence about this one. I think Car Mechanic Simulator is a tremendous first step, however it ultimately fell short of what I was hoping for.The game boils down to an interactive set of 3d car models. These models allow you to disassemble and reassemble engines, drive trains, and so on. This is definitely neat, but in itself only has so much enjoyment before things get repetitive.The illusion of running a repair shop almost works but the finer points of running a business are completely lost. There are always more customers waiting, no matter how long you take, or how poorly you did. Diagnosing problems seems almost trivial, just look for rusty components as you wrench things apart. I want to like this, but I ran out of challenges a while ago. All that remains is the grind of XP and money.This game needs more of something. I would personally love to see engine tuning and performance simulated to some degree. Other options would be expanding the business model of running a repair shop, or perhaps adding more realism to the repairs themselves. A broken part isn't just a rust texture after all."
,Recommended,320300,16378229,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sgt.Stupid,"This game is truly what every gear-head has been waiting for. Virtually running your own shop - with a few things missing. I would LOVE to make a few suggestions for the next release so that it would suite not only my own preferences as a Diesel Mechanic, but those as a gamer.Pros:Smooth, flawless gameplay. No bugs worth remembering.BEAUTIFUL textures.The ability to diagnose with different tools.Decent car variety (for what the game is)Auctions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Build for profit!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pick what jobs you want to do!Immersive gameplay.Cons:Some things that should need bolts or nuts, don't have them. Making removal easy.Random pulleys.... (really urks me that the belt is being bent in a way for no purpose other than aesthetics)No A/C Systems in any cars (would be a fun thing to troubleshoot)What happened to intake hoses/tubing?Driveshaft removal in something that is rear-wheel drive is WONKY.ignition coils can only be seen if you hover over them (possible bug)Body work system is weird, sometimes get a work order for replacing panels for a vehicle with no paint job, but panels are same color as car. (wtf?)Music........ oh my god the ♥♥♥♥ing music.Suggestions:Advertise this product more for a bigger budget on the next version (you guys are onto something)More varieties of things to diagnose and troubleshoot (like oil/coolant/fuel leaks)Add nuts/bolts to things that would typically be bolted down to an engine (like an intake on the older V8)Employees?Don't let this series die.... please........ pretty please..... 2016?!?!"
,Not Recommended,320300,31764839,Posted: 15 May,all,Homiccus,"TL;DR: Grindfest. No sense of progression. Sense of déjá vu all the time. Tons of paid DLCs and no community mod support. Enjoyable for a little while.Right. Car Mechanic Simulator 2015... a puzzle game, taking the guise of car repair / maintenance simulator. The 2015 version expands on the idea introduced in CMS 2014, by improving graphics, adding parts and some additional activities as well as expanding the pool of cars to be serviced.The game is an enjoyable, almost zen-like experience, where the player is required to identify invalid pieces of the puzzle (""broken car parts""), remove them from the puzzle-holder (""the car chassis"") in correct order, then proceed to repair the pieces (with a fixed % chance dependant on bought skill upgrades) and/or obtain replacements and, finally, put them back in the correct way. That is the meta-game way the CMS works. Of course all this is happening in pretty surroundings and the parts are highly detailed and well modelled. Graphically the game presents itself tremendously well (the music on the other hand is simply annoying and the sound effects are just generic audio cues).Additional activities and minigames add a lot to the flavour. One can re-paint the puzzle-holder in whatever colour they desire, fine-tune some of the puzzle-parts' settings (""carburettor"" and ""ECU""), exchange some pieces for another puzzle pieces (that look slightly different and have influence on some numbers, and incidentally cost more in-game currency), explore other ways of obtaining replacement parts (""Car Stripping DLC"") and, finally, undertake a full restoration project and then put the finished / improved puzzle in the showcase / parking facility or put it through a simple ""drag race"" against the clock.Several game modes are available - sandbox, where all parts are freely available for the taking and then Casual/Normal and Expert modes, where in-game currency management forms a part of the challenge.So far, so good, you'll say. Why the thumbs down then?Well, allow me to explain, but it boils down to two phrases: ""grind"" and ""publisher's attitude"".First of all, the game is extremely repetitive. It's fine to pop in every now and then and do one or two cars, but in the long run there are no challenges. The puzzles are randomly generated but follow the same principle / format and the player is required to jump the same hoops over and over again. When accepting customers' jobs, one can roughly say what needs to be replaced even before taking the job. Most parts are common to many cars and, even when doing some more exotic, DLC-fueled, cars, I found myself buying the same replacement parts over and over again, until I've had enough.There is no sense of progress whatsoever. The bonus points resulting from experience (obtained through doing jobs) have to be spent on essential diagnostics equipment and/or additional skills that just speed up the game slightly - in essence, to remove the pointless ""speed bumps"". At least in CMS 2014 one could get a better garage over time... To top it up, it seems even the most basic of challenges - The Achievements - have been lately dropped. Not cool.I thought things will turn around when I scrape together enough money to get to the ""pinnacle"" of the Expert mode - restoring wrecked posh cars bought at an ""auction"". But, alas, it follows exactly the same game loop every single time. Buy -> strip ALL the parts -> repair what you can -> buy what you can't repair -> put back together -> sell / showcase. You shall not enjoy your new ride as you may do in other, similar titles (such as Street Legal Racing or even Revhead, to name the two) - all you got are a test track and a drag racing strip, both heavily scripted and devoid of any life. And, believe me, after the grindfest of jobs you have to go through to get this far, you'll have it up to your eyeballs with ""driving"" at the Old Factory.Which brings me to the other point, the ""publisher's attitude"". The game's architecture is closed enough to prevent any meaningful modding attempts, which, as I believe, is done in order to get as much dough as possible from paid DLCs (which, in essence, introduce... more puzzle parts). Half-hearted modding support has been halted as of now, and (as I learned after speaking to some members of the community) the modders feel as if the publisher had shown them a big, fat, juicy middle finger. And then asked to buy DLCs with ""performance"" and ""tuning"" puzzle parts... erm, sorry, ""upgrades"". Decisions like this tend to ensure the game's short life is a foregone conclusion.I guess my grievances are a bit unjustified here, as all the additional features are just a ""bolt on"" to the dedicated puzzle game. But, on the other hand, I think this is just it - we get a taster of what we can do with our ""car"" but nothing more. In the end, the CMS is sort of halfway between a one-path-puzzler and a proper car simulator, neither entirely here nor there.There's not much hope for the current version of CMS anymore, as the developer already announced they are working on CMS 2017/2018. Let's hope it will be more open minded, open ended and open world'ed (is that even a word?) than 2015.For casual puzzling every now and then - brilliant. For genuine Car Mechanic Simulation - look elsewhere."
,Recommended,320300,25998090,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,LunarEgo,"I owe a lot to this game. I grew up not knowing a thing about cars. I picked this game up on a whim, and it got me over my fear of messing around with my semi-broken car. I learned where things typically are, and what they do in a car. I have saved myself and my friends and family probably hundreds, if not thousands of dollars in vehicular repair. I even managed to fix a broken lawnmower by extrapolating from what I learned here! Using this as a general guide and supplementing knowledge with YouTube channels has, in my mind, made me somewhat competent when dealing with these things.I am by no means a mechanic or an engineer, and this game will not give you the didactic knowledge that is required of those professions, but it has taught me fundamentals. Fundamentals that are worth far, far beyond the asking price of this game/virtual tutorial. Words cannot describe how much  I appreciate the experience that Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 has given me.I can't say it is particularly ""fun"". I could see how you would have fun with it, but the overall management experience of it is, in my humble opinion, a little weak. That isn't the point, though. If you have any interest in working on cars, you owe it to yourself to get this game."
76561198127451201,Recommended,320300,15617506,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Welt Gaming,i loved cms 14 and this blows my mind. my father is a fanominal technician and i want to be just as good but better. im 16 and this has taught me a lot. if someone is talking about a part i now know what that part is. in my opinion they should add more customization towards parts on cars. i would love to be able to take out a old crappy engine and put in a higher performance engine. same with other parts. i think that would be amazing. they should also add the 1/4 mile mode again. i loved tuning the cars just right so i can complete the order.these are just suggestions so if anyone agrees with me please like my review10/10
76561198131962112,Recommended,320300,15595180,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Dino,"You don't have to be a car enthusiast to enjoy this game.  If a 3D puzzle/forensic/tycoon game hybrid appeals to you, you might like CMS 2015. I call AAA to jump my battery, and my eyes glaze over when people talk bout cars, but I was surprised how much joy I got from buying a rusty junker, taking it apart, and either repairing or replacing all of its parts to make it practically brand new.------PROS____+ Gentle learning curve. I felt like an idiot for the first couple minutes, but even after just the second repair job, I felt a rewarding sense of growth in my abilities.  I don't like working too hard for a game (there's real life for that!), but I get bored when games are too easy, and CMS 2015 hits that sweet spot between boredom and frustration.+3D puzzle/forensic/tycoon game hybrid.+ Great music. If you end up buying this game, make sure to walk over to the radio, turn it on, and flip the stations.  I'd pay for at least one of the tracks they play on the game's radio.+ Active developers as of 4/2015. They seem to respond pretty fast to reported bugs, patch minor gameplay updates that significantly improve the gaming experience, and actually post upcoming plans for future updates.-------CONS-------+ Longer loading screens than I would've expected, but nothing too frustrating+ Getting enough experience points and money to get to the more fun parts of the game (going to auctions to buy a junker and build your own car/s, upgrades for work efficiency, etc) might take a bit too long for impatient gamers."
,Recommended,320300,22896240,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ghost,I love the game I work with cars Daily and also play simulator this game I by far the best for any on who loves working with cars or playing simulators
,Recommended,320300,23013480,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,✪ Noure,"The game itself isn't going to really teach you much about cars or trucks that you can take and apply to the real world. You will learn some basic names and functions that are pretty basic so I wouldn't really call it much of a sim. It doesn't take long to reach the maximum level and money isn't a real obstacle once you can afford to buy, repair/upgrade, and sell your first vehicle.Where this game becomes a gem though is how relaxing it is. It has good music and decent graphics that you don't get tired of looking at. Everything is straight forward and not hard to figure out. More and more options and car varieties come out to keep you entertained. Where the game is now (May 15, 2016) is pretty great. You have a drag strip (super cars struggle a bit here) and a Dyno setup to help ""tune"" your car to maximum performance. You have a small but nice variety of cosmetic options to make your car more valuable and unique. This plus all of the original features gives you a game you can sink a couple of hours into here and there to build up your personal collection and your bank account.All in all, I would give this an 8/10 atm. The game is great, don't get me wrong. Hardly any bugs and plenty of fun. But it could always use more. More cosmetics, more cars, garage expansions, and possibly some sort of multiplayer whether that be in the form of racing or a collection showcase. Either way it is definitely worth the money, and getting all of the DLC when it goes on sale is a must!"
76561198130878522,Recommended,320300,15605289,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,apv103,"This game is great, much better upgrade from CMS14. A lot smoother graphics and way more in depth of car detail and parts. Great way to enhance the experience of working on cars. Enjoying everything so far. A+ all around. Definitely worth the money, glad I supported in the making of this game."
76561197982584578,Recommended,320300,15529888,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Stuvas,"Read the reviews, felt a tad let down that as an early adopter of CMS: 2014 there was no incentives given for adopting CMS: 2015 early, however I overcame these feelings and decided to give the game a go.If you enjoyed 2014, 2015 will not fail to keep you entertained. Only played the classic mode thus far and it's still brilliant. It's nice to get a list of items that you'll need to replace given to you. I also appreciate that far more parts are now removable and will need to be replaced.I do not recommend this game to anyone that can't appreciate a decent ""mong out"" style game. Anyone that found EuroTruck Simulator 2 enjoyable should find this to be a blast. If you couldn't appreciate the simple beauty of that game, this one will lose your interest quickly."
76561198374103469,Recommended,320300,31636602,Posted: 8 May,all,foxcat8116,"I remember when I first got this game and I really wanted to restore carsI remember grinding away hours of vehicle work just to be able to buy a parking garage to put my cars inI remember when I didn't have enough money to buy old cars or new parts for themI remember when total modifications came outI remember being so excitedI remember the new sandbox modeI remember getting started immediately on what I always wanted to doI remember feeling so happyI remember thanking the devs in this reviewSeriously, thank you.10/10 would restore cars again"
76561198047977879,Not Recommended,320300,32420946,Posted: 14 June,all,SugarSkullz50,"If you were to ask me 5 paid DLCs ago, if I were to recommend this I would have said yes.  Yes because if your a car lover and like tinkering with engines and working on cars.  Had enough content to stay with it and keep me entertained for awhile and looked forward to some DLCs and bummed when dumb ones came out.  However at the end of the day I can't recommend this as we were promised better DLCs with better content rather then loads and loads of name brand DLC cars while all be it pretty neat but most of the parts are specific to that car...  So you buy a Benz and theres really no creative way to fix it... just go to your computer and buy the Benz specific parts... pretty bland.  So its pretty bland after awhile.  This kind of gotten stale after awhile and their DLCs seem to be just cash grabs.  Like in the name its CMS 2015....  its 2017, time to make a completely different game and stop with the dumb DLCs"
76561198139504776,Recommended,320300,18250117,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,rpcp95,love this game!!! my 10 year old also loves it and its teaching him about cars
76561198119454394,Recommended,320300,26837316,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tom Gaming/TG Modding YT™,"If you like fixing cars and trucks you will love this game its so much fun,it has good graphics, a lot of parts to fix.DLC's are always a great price."
76561198023572805,Recommended,320300,33058292,Posted: 30 June,all,Chelios,I've found my new job with this game
,Recommended,320300,25691372,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BlackFangOO7,"Fun game, it teaches you the basics in car mecanics without having a ""proper"" tutorial. Being such a visual game you get to understand different engine types, transmissions, suspensions, drawbacks and advantages to these and how they can affect the design of each car.There is no end objective but after about 25-30 hours you'll have all the upgrades , 10 more hours and you should have all the parking spots and finally another 10 to fill them up with the cars of your dreams... so if you end up buying this game at a steam sale with all the dlc at about 25 euros for 50 hours of fun+learning something that'll be a bargain.edited: sports =/= spots"
76561198039051867,Recommended,320300,23797440,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Licopolis,"The game gives sweet old feel of Street Rod series. The level of detalisation is enough to get you tired of repairs.Pros:- lots of parts;- there are at least three generations of car design in the game, each with own features;- there is some good music;- it's not complicated and plays easy.Cons:- some processes are not very intuitive, e.g. engine swaps (it works onoly with Performance DLC although there are parts for engine tuning in the core game, and there isn't any explanation or warning about that);- it has some skillpoint grind to do for upgrading the garage;- instruments on the dashboard are just textures;- driving physics is simplified, it doesn't give a real feel of the vehicle."
,Recommended,320300,15594927,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,CosmicRoast,"Very fun game, lots of things to do."
76561198319487402,Recommended,320300,32707023,Posted: 23 June,all,roylong770,i think this game is good i like it i would recommend this game to any gear head who likes to work on cars
76561198086390604,Recommended,320300,29062763,Posted: 6 January,all,Dwight Schrute,Look for rust simulator 2017 11/10
76561198002785823,Recommended,320300,28786076,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Shadowh86,Never played this type of games before and I don't know anything about cars. But this game made every aspekt of dismentaling cars fun. And I had even learn somethings about cars and complexity of desining one. Respect to developers of this game for making cars one of my interest now.
76561198108857993,Recommended,320300,28252879,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,LobstersAreFabulouz,Its a really fun game! Cars and mechanics are fun. But after around 24 hours it gets a bit repetitve. But I hope that in future updates new stuff will be implemented. I suggest you buy it on sale because 20 bucks without dlcs is a bit much.I recommend it though
,Not Recommended,320300,18253725,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Hoeser,"Firstly let me just say that I have been wrenching on actual cars, motorcycles and marine engines for many years and I truly enjoy it. I also have really enjoyed mechanic simulators in the past, Street Rod was a staple of my childhood.Secondly, If you're *really* into car mechanic simulation, buy this, when its on sale. This is better than Car Mechanic Simulator 2014, but still not a great game.If I had to use one word to describe this game, it would be Tedious.It takes a very, very long time to unlock the more enjoyable parts of the game (9000xp for the garage, are you kidding me??) You'll find yourself repeating the same monotonous, mind numbing jobs to build your xp before you can unlock things like the ""test track"" and the Garage, where you can store your own cars bought at auction. Speaking of which, the XP system leaves much to be desired and appears to have been thought up in 5 seconds with no play testing whatsoever. Remove a part? +1 XP. Install a part? +1 XP. Finish a job? 100XP. That's pretty much it. I guess you could get 9000XP by removing and installing the same spark plug 4500 times. Replacing a piston should generate orders of magnitude more xp than replacing an oil filter.You select the job you wish to take by clicking on your desk phone. It lists 4 jobs, 2 of which always require vastly more XP than you have.The interface can be painful to operate - Press I to open inventory.. but press Escape to close it? How about the parts catalog, which is listed in alphabetical order and does not have nearly enough subcategories. An alphabetical list for engine parts with photos is ridiculous.The repair bench is a button press. That's it. Remove part, attempt to repair, you'll either make it better or make it worse. Boring mechanic.There are definitely lots of parts in the engines, which is great, but the selection of which parts are 'wrenchable' and which are not seems completely arbitrary. Why are there 4 clips holding the airbox together, and like 4 bolts to the entire gearbox? Also please don't force the player to lift and drop the car a bunch of times to work on the engine... some parts are removable from the top, some from the bottom. Why can't I just remove the engine and put it on a test stand?I realize this review is a bit discombobulated, but then again so is this game. It just seems like a lot of values were randomly selected, and not much thought was put into vital gameplay mechanics and interface design.5/10.Better games in this genre from years past:* Street Rod 1 / 2* Redline Legal Street Racing* Gearhead Garage"
,Recommended,320300,15554406,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Llewellyn,"I played CMS 14 and enjoyed it. And only having a brief play on CMS 15 there's a lot of improvements that have been made. I maintain this is a great tool for those who want to get to know parts and the very basic mechanical knowledge on a car.Having been a grease monkey I know working on motors is just not that easy. (if only!)There is a steep learning curve, heck, my first job was an engine block replacement! Which meant everything had top be undone, gearbox out, clutch & flywheel out, both manifolds. All fun. Mind you, I have yet to experience pistons and con rods that don't need unbolting from their bottom bearing caps before removing. . (little oversight by the devs there! - but nothing major)I love the way you can take multiple jobs, but that could lead to confusion if you don't check the job sheet.I also like the fact that as jobs go on, you have to check & diagnose the faults yourself. Something to look forward to and be a little challenge.This game, I feel, will just eat away hours, and it's intended not to be stressful, but really a chill out game, like ETS2 or similar.All in told, if you like the idea of messing about with cars but don't want to get your hands oily, then this is ideal."
,Recommended,320300,31341211,Posted: 24 April,all,Cryhard,"pretty fun game but needs more budget european look-a-like cars. Volvo, saab, more german cars and so on but ill give the game a solid 8/10 coming from a car-guy"
,Recommended,320300,22797411,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,-=o0Zen0o=-,"Such a fun game, needs some missions and award system, but I like much of what this game to offer."
,Recommended,320300,15590319,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,DcW,Good game. but now just gonna wait for updates and addons. gets to be kinda the same. but has awesome potential.
,Recommended,320300,15526355,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Stephen,Game Review -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez5NFrCfjBs&feature=youtu.be
76561198161525373,Recommended,320300,29218921,Posted: 12 January,all,Milk,"I recommend this game to anyone who likes cars, and especially anyone who wants to learn more about them. It's not the most realistic game, as a lot of parts are repeated through car models, but nevertheless, you can still learn a lot.This game also had DLC, which is pretty good, but it's not free DLC, and in my book, that's a bit rude. I already spent money on this game, so I want all of it!PS: I wish I could phase through my car as I looked for and dismantled the broken bits of MY car.I rate this game:A 3D jigsaw puzzle generator/10"
,Recommended,320300,24401708,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,T-Girl Kelley,"This is a great game for relaxing after a fast paced game. It's very zen, no time limits and, in general, freedom to do what you want.It does get repetitive after a while but still it never gets old turning a lemon into a cherry ride."
76561198090611377,Recommended,320300,17859626,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,MARKIE_MARK11,"100/10One of the best games I have ever played. Ive always loved cars wether it be Stanced, JDM, Drift Missile and all of the above but I really didnt know my way around Engines a whole lot. This game has tought me heaps :) :) :)"
,Recommended,320300,15737148,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Legend890,"i bought this today with what was left of my steam wallet code. i thought well this is gonna like every other sim game, but this game proved me wrong like surgeon simulator. the variety in the parts and cars is amazing and makes you feel like a real mechainic. i love the auctioning your own cars and betting on some cars in the auction. And the graphics, oh my god is it beatiful for such a game. its not detailed as much as some high end games but it just looks gorgeous. anyway i just write this to say that this is the first sim that dosent feel like it was rushed"
,Recommended,320300,15693427,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Princess Luna®,"This is really fun, a massive step forward from the previous game. I'd really recommend it to anyone who had gotten the older version of this game, and anyone else who is interested in a semi-realistic mechanic simulator like game. You can repair other peoples cars, you can go out and buy your own car and fix it up and then sell it, and the DLC (disclaimer: I don't know how many will be) is Free! How could anyone complain about that?Would i recommend it? Yes!Would i play it for days on end? Definitely.Does it have a lot of replayability? Not really, its very repetitive, but then again - so is the job itself in the real world, so i'd have to say that's just another level of realism. Lol."
,Recommended,320300,15594238,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,NXT-Bevis,"Hey kids were you addicted to Snap On's  GearHead Garage???Or are you old like me and the first keystrokes while you were still waking up was ""C:\games\hotrod\hotrod.exe""well you better open your wallets for this one kiddies....Guaranteed to keep you up all night. Have your Mrs wish that you would work on your real car for a change. And have the dog stake a firm claim to your spot on the couch."
,Recommended,320300,15514513,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Spectre5,"CMS 2015 is a fun game! It sports better graphics, a slicker interface, improved controls, a deeper career mode, and a better gameplay experience over 2014. In order to unlock additional content (i.e. slicker vehicles, shop improvements, and abilities) you'll have to turn the wrenches a lot longer in order to gain XP. This isn’t entirely a bad thing, as I feel it keeps you coming back for more. The jobs seem to be more varied in both, substance and tasks in order to get you through. However, you’ll see a lot of the same types of vehicles, early on, just in different colors. Despite that, I honestly can’t find much more to complain about. I think the devs did a pretty good job with this outing, and I look forward to seeing what they’ll add to it."
76561198119036313,Recommended,320300,31054771,Posted: 9 April,all,Captain Cuntflaps,"Thoroughly enjoy playing this game, it has also taught me some things. The DLC's i dont have trouble paying for, however i would like to see more sports cars/super cars in the future. Cant wait for CMS 2018!"
76561198021430946,Recommended,320300,19470885,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Nemesis,"Have to say that Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 is one of the few simulator games that actually does a good job, the graphics are great and runs smoothly even on high settings, have not encountered any bugs yet and is great fun to play.Pros:- Not encountered any bugs.- Active Developers.- Can customize Garage.- Can manage your own garage.- Great new test driving track.- Nice models and textures.- Nice background music while you tinker away with your cars.Cons:- Missing some key components from the cars such as fuel lines, brake lines, water hoses.- Small UI upgrade would be nice, selling/buying multiple parts can get a bit tedious.- Career mode could do with a couple more features such as business decisions, ranking and economy).Suggestions:- Could do with more cars, vans, pickups etc (Bikes?).- A bit more detail under the hood would be great wire, cables etc.- A bigger variety of engine types would be a huge bonus (petrol, diesel, hybrid).- The ability to upgrade your garage, as in starting from scratch and buying bigger property and equipment.- Being able to buy and add fuel lines, brake cables and water hoses to vehicles.- More customization options for vehicles such as:- Size of alloy wheel- Tyre sizes- Full range of aftermarket exhaust systems/backboxes (varying shapes and sizes)- Aftermarket air filters/ Induction kits.- The ability to add turbo chargers and superchargers to cars.- Adjustable ride height on suspension.- Different paint types (metallic, matt, pastel, pearlescent).- The ability to have engine parts chromed.- and finally different body styling modifications:- Spoilers.- Sideskirts.- Hoods (carbon fibre, scoops, transparent etc)- Window Tints.- LED Lights.- Variety of wing mirrors.- Vented front fenders.- A couple of extra test tracks would be great also.Just some suggestions as food for thought though what you guys decide to do is obviously your choice along."
,Recommended,320300,25711209,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Turb0,"Very good game. Probably the only game in which i have a higher FPS in the game than i do in the menu. Very good game, simple and easy to learn. As a real life training mechanic it is fairly realistic but obviously its been made a lot easier and appealing than in reality (and a lot less painful lol). Very good game, would reccomend."
76561197967847658,Recommended,320300,20385466,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Oldskool,"TL;DR: All in all, a very enjoyable game for anyone, but especially for petrolheads. :-)I would recommend this game to any petrolhead/car fanatic out there. This is a very refreshing game, since it's the only one of it's kind that I know and it's very casual. For me, it's also a nice way to learn a bit more about the anatomy of cars  on top of the knowledge that I already have (and the fact that the game is translated to my native language also helps a lot, since I'm not too familiar with the English names for various parts). That's probably the downside, you'll need some basic car mechanics knowledge to get going. The tutorial isn't really all that explanatory, so if you're not familiar with the basics, it could take you quite some time to figure out what parts you actually need to replace and that can be frustrating.But, if you have some basic knowledge you should be fine. You can pretty much pull apart anything until there's just a skeleton standing. That's what makes the game so cool, there are no limits in what you can and cannot do. There are no set time limits for repairs, so if you feel like completely disecting a car, go ahead and do it!The XP points system keeps the game challenging. You need to unlock certain features to make your life as a mechanic easier like an OBD scanner to read the on board computer for any errors or better tools to be able to take out screws more quickly. The more XP you get, the more challenging jobs you can accept. And with more XP also come sweeter cars, since when you've built up a name for yourself, people with luxury cars also start finding their way to your garage."
,Recommended,320300,29023660,Posted: 4 January,all,Nyarlathotep,"Not the kind of thing I thought I'd enjoy but I picked it up anyway after seeing all the positive reviews. Then it took over my life for a few days. I've never been a big car person, but this game has me wanting to go take apart my actual car. The process of disassembling and reassembling vehicles feels really good and the game is pretty relaxing once you get past the learning curve.The music may not be for everyone but you can mute it and play something in the background. The gameplay does get repetitive after a few hours and isn't particularly deep once you figure it all out, but I got ~20 hours out of it so I'm happy with this purchase. Your mileage may vary."
76561198106319220,Recommended,320300,24358945,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Person,"I love this game, and anybody who likes taking things apart would love it too. I admit I am a little biased because I am fascinated by the inner workings of cars and stuff, but then thats the reason why alot of people play it right? I rate it 10/10 It's absolutley worth it."
,Recommended,320300,19136213,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Limmin,"I find it hypnotic and keep coming back for more.  Very well done.- Many car types included, especially if you purchase the (low cost) DLC- Paced as fast or slow as you want, never rushed- I prefer this to most sims; having no trace of tedium/grind found in most other sims- It's mostly a puzzle game for mechanical engineers.  Although even as a newbie to cars, the game helps you a lot, and in the meantime you'll learn a lot about how cars work- There is test driving of vehicles but no ""racing"" or multiplayer- The most fun is purchasing vehicles at auctions (fixer-uppers) and restoring them for profitable resale.  Take the extra used parts you gathered from these vehicles and repair customer old beaters for almost no cost to you (also very profitable)There is some degree of financial management / budgeting aspect in the game but it's minor.  Given the pacing and profitability of jobs coming in, I have never needed any financial help, and only noticed after playing for 80+ hours that there is a bank loan function!"
,Recommended,320300,24429664,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,OPAvocado69,Great Game but i think its stuiped to have 9000 xp to unlock the parking area.
,Recommended,320300,21731440,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Herra Hakkarainen,"Very addictive game. Although it doesn´t have IRL problems, like tightly rusted bolts/nuts, no need for tool change, no diffrent motor oil types...But after busy day at work ( yes, i´m mechanic), you just sit and click parts, stuff, etc. and no dirty hands."
,Recommended,320300,30295797,Posted: 3 March,all,Tyler,"Great game!! Kinda annoying having to play for Hours upon hours to get the upgrades though, but this game is so much better than cms 2014 :)"
,Recommended,320300,30424280,Posted: 10 March,all,The Damn Train,"This game will teach you about engine parts! And now I know why there's a wires connected to my car's engine!Recommended to play with your music collection, cause it will be boring as hell if you have nothing to hear..."
,Recommended,320300,29747240,Posted: 6 February,all,Matrix30815,read reviews first thinking it was worse than gearhead garage and the people don't know what the hell they talk about. It's better and could use refining like more parts but I will wait and see the next cm17. Get game if you like gearhead garage and grind and work your way up to 9000xp I am still working and look at how many hours I got into game. Devs do need to keep fanbase and I would love to see cm17 and play it before it comes out!!! I am getting my diesel degree and got this since the truck mechanic was off about everything that a diesel comes with. So I will steer clear of that.
76561197993694207,Recommended,320300,18158688,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Datek,"This is a very enjoyable and well made game.  Fix cars for customers to earn money, customize your shop and improve your skills (tools), and eventually buy junkers at auction to restore and sell or keep.  It is great fun and no interest or knowledge of mechanics is required."
76561197977796474,Recommended,320300,24453760,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ZigZwag78,"Good times, great oldies.The only downside...the grinding."
,Recommended,320300,15521198,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Matsuhira,60 minutes into the game. all i did was unscrew bolts and nuts and then screwing them back on.11/10 would screw again.
,Recommended,320300,17967223,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,PerMaBaked™,epic game needs more content dlc ect
,Recommended,320300,15836445,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,big t game,"awesome game, lots of improvements over the 2014 edition. i have played a few hours on this game and find the level of detail as incredible and is a must buy :-)"
,Recommended,320300,20128322,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ford Explorer //RUSTPO,10/10 Learning Tool10/10 Soundtrack7/10 Driving10/10 Money Glitch
76561198272071217,Not Recommended,320300,23985825,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,✪BH,This game is fun but it gets very repetitive after a while of playing.
,Recommended,320300,15531299,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Standard_Gaming,"wow i came from CMS 2014 and this one blows my mind away its alot more work and more things you learn good job with all this 10/10. and you can do paint shops, take fenders off, door, hoods, and you even can take whole engine apart."
76561198003227457,Recommended,320300,22890845,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Caplan121,Lots of fun and great improvement over the previous version
,Recommended,320300,15526469,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Squishy 3,Had to take apart the whole car for 1 piece.. 10/10IGN
,Recommended,320300,25596021,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Echomike78,Great Fun.This game would be perfect in VR with a HTC Vive.
76561198176139499,Recommended,320300,24923008,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,JAlt,"Love the game, helped me learn alot about cars and engines. Such a good game, shame the DLC is paid."
76561198104937779,Recommended,320300,25450162,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Evodous,"Purchased this game just out of the blue & because I had left over money in my steam wallet & I haven't stopped playing it ever since. It's truly and addictive and great game; Attending school to become an automotive technician (mechanic), this game goes somewhat deep into the components of an engine (Engine parts, assembling/disassembling) and components of a vehicle as a whole. For someone who enjoys working/learning about cars or enjoys simulators in general, this game is great for you; It's addictive, educational and fun. Totally work the price tag."
76561197972052979,Recommended,320300,25530587,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,knapster2k,"As an automotive engineer, I wanted to expand my knowledge to knowing how to repair all parts of a car. While Car Mechanic Simulator is a nice tool for learning part locations, that's kind of where it stops. There's really nothing more than just replacing rusty parts with new parts. 90% of the game is screwing and unscrewing. Nonetheless a nice relaxing game that's good for remembering part names and locations and seeing in a nice 3D world how parts all fit together."
,Recommended,320300,24793010,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,twitch.tv/mooghar,Bought this game for a laugh but is actually pretty fun to play.You discover & learn about cars and their pars!
,Recommended,320300,23499476,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Dr. Cyanide Ph.D,"Owned the game since it was first released and also downloaded every DLC (barring Benz) since it was put up. As an auto mechanic, there's obviously a number of things with this game that aren't accurate when it comes to the trade.But when I get home, I usually want to crack a beer and spend a few hours mindless restoring cars (and since the new performance DLC, make them fast).If you're not very automotive inclined, then this is definitely a good starting point for learning where things are in relation to the rest of the vehicle.I enjoy it, recommended with the performance and tuner DLC. I would highly recommend picking up the game and all of it's DLC when on sale."
76561198085992497,Recommended,320300,30246004,Posted: 28 February,all,CarnageHawk,Very fun game. You don´t even have to be a real car mechanic.
76561198081095652,Recommended,320300,28470744,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,KemsOYE,"As a qualified light automotive vehicle mechanic, I have to say this game is quite remarkable in terms of accuracy, I thought I'd hate doing basically my job for a leisure activity but this game sucked me in and I cant turn back! LOVE IT"
,Recommended,320300,15753504,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ham,I really enjoy this game i like restoring cars but after im done it feels like theres no purpose so it would be really cool if they added some more test tracks and objectives overall its a good game and a step up from the 2014 editon
,Recommended,320300,18246774,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Kulibob CZ,"This is great game if you wanna learn something about cars (how are they made, how it all works...). The translations are kinda weird, because they were made by ""Poles"" (?;Google). English should be good, but czech is sometimes funny. E.g. ""Brzdové kleště"" (Brake caliper) - only for drum brakes, not for disc brakes. For disc brakes it's called ""Brzdový třmen"" Hope someone from the devs sees this."
,Recommended,320300,17718669,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,RDJ,"Are you kidding me?  This game is AMAZING!  I know nothing about cars and I'm absolutely enjoying myself.  I was on the fence about this game since it seems like a lot of new content is DLC, but here's hoping they can provide some nice free stuff in future updates (here's looking at you devs!)Couple of thoughts in just about an hour of play.  Wish I could re-bind keys.  Also, the camera angles while in (dis)assemble mode are a bit rough to get used to.  I wouldn't mind maybe a 'free roam' while in those modes instead of clicking a part to get closer to the view you actualy want!"
76561198121092411,Recommended,320300,15746657,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,dionb_93,"Great game, look forward to future updates of the game"
76561198079948245,Recommended,320300,15761093,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,tunadude1,"love this game!it's easy to learn and helped me alot with... car stuff?however, i think there are missing elements of the game1. modificationin the introduction video, it shows a modern v8 being put into the Tempest Magnum, which you cant do in the game. this would make it SOOO much better. and other things like putting 'go fast' stripes on the cars2. free drivingi have a small collection of cars that i would like to drive (other than the test track)3. more dlcyou get the picture4. customers wanting things like: make my car race ready, add body kits to my car and stuffany hoo, a very good, layed back gamewould recommend all damn day"
76561198027221726,Recommended,320300,15748773,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,xaagon,"This is a huge improvement over Car Mechanic Simulator 2014.  I've owned it for only one week and have 32 hours on the game already (work full time, long commute, activities on the weekends).If you like to take things apart and build things, or like cars in general, you should check this game out.  It's not so true to life that you would be able to do major work on your own car with only this game as education, but you would learn which parts are which and generally where to find them.There are many other reviews that do this game more justice than mine, but I wanted to record my ""yes"" vote anyway."
76561198038005211,Recommended,320300,16977400,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,zachg720,"This is a Great game but when are we going to see more car customization options (e.g enigne swaps, superchargers, two-tone paint jobs, wraps, Decals, lift kits, or lowering your vechile).  I'd also like to see some light trucks in the game like maybe a Ford Ranger, Dodge Dakota, or Chevy S10 something along those lines.  Other than everything I just listed this is a great game doesn't matter if your a real mechanic (like me) or someone thats never been under the hood this game is a solid 6 out of 10 if they'd update the game and add everything I just mentioned it be and easy 10 out of 10."
76561198034419607,Recommended,320300,17105145,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Addison,Surprisingly fun and addictive.  I just stayed up until 6AM fixing virtual cars...
,Recommended,320300,28382302,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ThatOneGuy,"Absolutely Fantastic Game.i always looked at this game on steam and went ""wow, a game about building cars, so exciting"" sarcasm of course.. but i watched SpeirsTheAmazing play this game and almost immediately fell in love with it. so what i did is downloaded the demo and played that for about an hour and so far in the past 3 days i've spent 16.4 hours on it and majority of my days go in to youtube, movies or GTA V (not on steam).I cannot wait till Car Mechanic Simulator 2016 and every one to come after that. So Good :D"
,Recommended,320300,24441893,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,KR25,"Good way to learn a very simpified way of being a mechanic, also if you have ever seen Gas Monkey Garage, you too can now act as a master mechanic and buy overpriced restoration projects and invest thousands to fix it while running your fingers through your hair and doing odd jobs to get more money."
76561198141705320,Recommended,320300,24452262,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,John,"AMAZING GAME!! great graphics, great controls and can be played by a wide range of people. if you nknow nothing about cars or if your a expert this game is good for you. its fun and kinda relaxing after you master the basics. runs great and with all the rooms you can unlock you'll keep busy and have fun for hours."
76561198037828522,Recommended,320300,22916636,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,C. Black,"Learn something and have fun at the same timeNot really as detailed as the real thing, but it will give you a general idea what it means to be a mechanic and how various basic things in and around the car work and what they names are and later you will learn from this game how to make basic diagnostic, these things can be useful now or in the future for you if you have no clue about cars and parts.Very well made learning game and its fun, as a former car mechanic I really enjoy this game and can only recommend it, its very relaxingI wish the game would go into more detail, but that would be very complicated for many peopleI have all DLCs and even tho most are not really worth the full price, but thanks to the support from players the game is improving and adding new features"
,Recommended,320300,23788774,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Roland of Gilead,"There's something like mindfulness about taking apart a piece of engineering and putting it back together.A full-bodied simulator true to the name, very engaging. In some orders you don't get a list of what needs fixing and you need to run diagnostics, test drive the car, or just take it apart and look, to find what you need to replace.Recommended to anyone who's mechanically inclined, and even if you're not, you will probably find enjoyment in its presentation and gameplay."
,Recommended,320300,28733050,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ryze,*Buys car for 40k everything is broken*
,Recommended,320300,33634561,Posted: 18 July,all,ATF_DeathAngel //,One of the best car games. You learn a good bit bout the cars and i cant wait for the new Car Mechanic Simulator
,Recommended,320300,15702862,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,KNGS,"Pretty good simulator game if you like cars, and especially servicing cars. Even though it can get very repetitious pretty fast, I enjoy playing the game."
76561198193152209,Recommended,320300,32923319,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr. Nice Guy -iwnl-,"This Game is awesome, so much Detail and a long progression guarantee a long playtime"
,Not Recommended,320300,24645956,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,DeadnCryin,"- no workshop- too short life span. gets boring and repetative too fast even with all of the dlcs.- preformance mod have nothing to do with jobs and not even well balanced.- missleading/ lies in the videos for a ( not anymore EA game ) :for example 1- removing seats .2- shop editing.- implementing hundreds of ideas given !! no lets add more cars in separate dlcs and grab more money.-mind numbing fanboy community.-no option menu in the game , only in the start menu, which is ok if its a 2 euro game.- updates are foucused on new dlcs.bough this in summer sale really really cheap, including all dlcs except the last 2. still was not worth it."
,Recommended,320300,16672846,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Smoka Cola,"For the asking price, the game has quite a bit to offer. Also once modding is in place, it will be even more worth it as you'll be able to just download new cars for your shop. It's a bit slow paced at first, but once you get your upgrades it's not too bad. If you ever played a game called ""Gearhead Garage"" and you're hoping this is something like it, it's that and then some.I also contacted the developer on twitter and they stated they're interested in adding more tracks to the game for driving your cars on, as well as race modes like drag racing through DLC. If they keep to that promise, this game will have no issues selling tons of copies.Hopefully for 2016 they bring in co-op and even more content, considering you can't really work on 3 cars at once, it would help a lot."
76561197972039165,Recommended,320300,15547866,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Penny Lee,"Good step up from 2014, some nice featers like 2 car lifts, better test track and an auction house where you can bid on cars you restore, even has a parking garage for I think 12 cars, I have six waiting to restore then sell on.  The missions are better, seems to make you work more.  Overall good fun.The only down side is the cars, well lack of cars.  There are 14 and they are not great, never even heard of them until now, think they all polish.  Guess Ford, Nissan and the rest did not want us gamers mucking around with there cars.Also it seems to many items fit all rhe cars like only a single type of park plug, brake pad, brake calipar, clutch parts, even the drive axle is the same for all rear wheel drive cars.Another little bug bear of mine is hardly any cables or tubes, a few but even large tubes that would join the air filter to carbs are missing, this lets things like the air box, battery seem they are just floating in mid air being not joined to anything.  Was hoping this version of the game would have had more detail at all levels.  Its just odd that clips hold the air filter box on yet the exhaust parts just plop on and off with a mouse click, nothing to unbolt.  Just seems things have been left out as they did not have time to do them and you can see this with some items, as an example, there are three types of oil filters then on the other hand only one type of fuel filter and only one type of battery, the list goes on.Overall I am happy with this version for the cost, I just hope they spend less time in the pub and more time rendering 3d models to add to this game, even if they just changed the colour of similar items (they did with the oil filters) to make it seem there is a lot more to choose from would go a long way."
76561198108388290,Recommended,320300,15602750,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,S - K I M O,"Overall Score: 8/10Pros:+Detailed+Well made construction and destruction+Lots of different parts to find and repair+Different Jobs+Auction House+Testing Course+A great soundtrackCons:-XP takes a long time to get-Unlocks require lots of XP to be able to use-Difficult to find certain parts or remove them *cough cough* Crankshaft *cough cough*-Bugs (Granted the are easy to get past, just restart the game)-Unskippable opening cutscene (If there is a way to skip this please let me know!)This is by no means a bad game and I highly recomend it to anyone."
76561198167612381,Recommended,320300,34494789,Posted: 25 August,all,"""The Robbo Duck""",a good mechanic simulation game slowely building up your garage with a simple lerning curve anyone could grasp does get a little repedative with time but to be honest thats being a mechanic in real life lol so hone your skills develope your knowledge and become the best virtual mechanic you can be
76561197998125532,Recommended,320300,15731134,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Smoke79,"After playing CMS 2014 I really wanted see what CMS 2015 had to offer, I was blown away by the new version, lots of parts and details! I,ve Played 54 hours so far , and counting! I would like to see some aftermarket Mods, like wheels and engine parts like Blowers/Superchargers, and I would also like to see a way to save your paint formulas after painting a car, but I am positive you guys are working on it!!, the game is definately a ""thumbs up!!"""
76561197975464456,Recommended,320300,20365394,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Decoy,"A solid, relaxing puzzle game. Even if you know nothing about cars, the interface is well-designed and will direct you where you need to go (in the beginning.) An excellent way to learn the bits of a car and how they all fit together.Definitely recommended."
76561198159631847,Recommended,320300,25886316,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Caulde,I really enjoy this game! I also purchased all of the DLCs to date.
76561198123025245,Recommended,320300,24663809,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Bigg_Lebb,"Great game, really enjoying playing it and learning a lot.Would Definately recomend"
,Recommended,320300,25526274,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Average Frog,"Great game. The downloadable content is fantastic, but the base game is just as superb. Definetly worth buying."
,Recommended,320300,21914580,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SuperSonic152,Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 is such a massive improvement from the 2014 version! The DLC is a lot more exciting and in generl the game also a lot more fun you can buy cars from auctions and restore them to their former glory! Its just amazing! BUY IT!!
76561198030410906,Recommended,320300,17511889,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Sig083,"This game is very monotonous, yet strangely, very addicting! I have to admit it has been fun getting a refresher course on auto shop again. Also when you start making money and restoring cars  your OCD will love you for cleaning up those rustbuckets , aaah satisfying. My suggestion is turn of the sound, turn up your favorite music media and wrench away!"
,Recommended,320300,25368133,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Yourock413,Nice game! In this gmae it teach how to do anything to car. The Detail is amazing! They show set by set how to do it
,Recommended,320300,25934545,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,k4m1k421,Just awesome. Recommended for puzzle lovers and of course gearheads. Just put 9 hrs on this game and cant stop thinking about it.
76561198167814642,Recommended,320300,25139760,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,RTBaha,I've been looking for a game like this for a long time. If you like working on cars this game is perfect. I'm starting to get to where I can buy cars and hope I can flip them for a profit like they do on tv.
76561197966167786,Recommended,320300,24719887,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,eyehate,"My final in auto in high school was rebuilding an engine. I got saddled with a guy that wanted to do all of the work himself so we would get an A in the class.I watched. Without much interest. He did everything, I got an A in that class.And learned absolutely nothing.I have always wanted even an iota of auto knowledge. This looks promising.I performed two filter replacements. Something I actually know how to do in real life - woo! And now I am learning how to remove a flywheel - never even knew what that was before tonight.I think I am going to enjoy this game immensely.EDIT -Devs, wow. Great game.Seven hours in and I know I need to check or replace the ABS if the brakes are bad. I know if the car is noisy, I need to look at the exhaust manifold, the muffler, and the catalytic converter.I know absolutely nothing about cars.This game is amazing."
,Recommended,320300,31458028,Posted: 30 April,all,Autumn <3 Silent Dreamer,"Just bought the game and from what I've seen, it's really fun... If you know what you're doing lol. I don't have any complaints other than not knowing where certain parts go after I take them off but that's just me and my experience with cars. Runs smoothly and I don't experience any lag or problems with it running slowly. Great game to kill boredom and time."
,Recommended,320300,33117103,Posted: 1 July,all,ShimmySham,"Like the game, wish it had XBox1 controller support. Would like to see an advanced version. From simple things like knowing a Carberated motor is unlikely to have a Fuel pump in the Gas tank, and use a mechanical pump. When replacing certain parts details like, Torqueing Head bolts in proper order @ tourque specs, according to Mechanics manual (Like Chilton mechanics reference books) Tutorials illustrating Compression Ratios, Details of a cam profile, choosing Gear ratios to match motor build. Perhaps get permission from car makers, to use common motors in game like SB chevy or ford, Chrysler Hemi, etc. Offer a Machine shop to do things like Magnaflux a block or head, Details to bearing sizes, bore cylenders.This Game is like Basic Dungeons and Dragons, when you really want the Advanced version."
76561198107395441,Recommended,320300,32902971,Posted: 27 June,all,.SQUIRTLE,"Great game to pass the time by. Never worked so hard in my life... Twisted tea/10, never derserved a drink so badly in my life."
,Recommended,320300,17329625,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Task Force 131,well after Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 they make big changes in to their game now it is best Mechanic Simulator game .Graphic 9.5/10Sound 9/10Realistic 9.5/10Developer team works 10/10..............................................Game  9.5updatethe divs are working hard they add alot of stuf . if you like to work on cars and have fun this game is good for that.
76561198211861781,Recommended,320300,21612475,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,devildog66669,very fun game i just wished there where some more things to do hire people and run a shop or have coop but still is very very fun gam IGN 10 of 10
76561198146295924,Recommended,320300,33071205,Posted: 30 June,all,rallycraftnl,I'fe played this game a lot and i am still be happy about this game
76561197985938301,Recommended,320300,33365662,Posted: 8 July,all,Dead Body Man,"I love how this game helps people to understand how simple working on vehicles really is.  Unless of course you are tearing apart a Corvette transmission with the ball bearing maze (which I have done) not recommended.  I think this would be a great tool in high school or college auto shop/ vehicle repair classes.  I was a mechanic in the Army and this would have been amazing to get you used to the idea of changing and replacing parts in vehicles before actually getting in there and breaking or loosing things.  I see many others saying this game is repetitive but if you look at vehicle mechanics they are all the same basic concept so no real reason to expect differences otherwise.I enjoy just tinkering and relaxing while listening to the awesome playlist, I do wish you could have the internet radio stations in game to change things up but no biggie.  In my opinion this is a great game and lots of fun which I even plan on having my wife play to teach her simple things in case I am not around to help.  I do wish they would add new  concepts or mission based play instead of cash grab dlc of new cars......boring....  Instead you could optimize the experience for the paying customers that are supporting you and want more content.I do however think if there were actual customers come into the shop and ask questions or explain the issue of their cars it would greatly help the fun  and longevity factor.  If you say had to run the finances of the shop and keep the shop clean or update the fixtures and rebuild the shop or better yet expand and grow your business.  If you could open new shops in other areas which would have more trucks in a desert town, or more rice burners in an L.A. type town?  I think there is huge potential for this type of game to really take the market by storm by combining the shop aspect with a Dirt Rally or Project Cars racing sim.  Another idea could be illegal street racing with the shop competing with other shops or sponsoring races around town and going to national Drag/ Track finals?  I get excited at the thought of this game expanding to something great that would bring in so many other players of different backgrounds.  How many players complain in games like Dirt or Project cars, or Need for Speed that we can't upgrade or change parts?  Well with this sim you could make an amazing all around sim that would be amazing.  I hope the devs read this and get inspired to take it further.PROSGreat visuals and crisp animationsGreat soundtrackFun gameplaygreat interactions in menus, computer, phone etc.nice that you have a DYNO, Track, Auction house etc.CONSRepetitionLack of contentSo much potential that the devs do not act uponMy PC SpecsIntel I7-7700KAsus Z 270 Tuf Mark 2 MoboEVGA GTX 1080 FTW 8GB GDDR5XCorsair Vengeance LPX 16GB DDR4 3000MHZ C15Corsair H110I AIOEVGA Supernova G1 650W"
,Recommended,320300,33709080,Posted: 21 July,all,♣ʂɱȍҡȩȳ♣ №420,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2015. Well what can I say if your reading this then you probably know what its about. Yep your a Mechanic. This simulator is layed out and executed rather well. You fix cars to earn money, Then you start buying old junkers to fix and sell for profit, so you can buy more junkers to fix. Get it your a mechanic dont expect a big storyline or much in terms of cutscenes. However what you get in this small package is vehicles, including there nuts and bolts all in great detail. From the small bushings of the subframe to the air intake screw. alot of work and effort has been put in to make this function the way it does with the attention to detail. From Jiloppies to BMW, work your way up from the bottom to become a private collector of fully restored classics.- The GoodEducational yet EntertainingGreat attention to detailControls are a bit bulky, but that just means more options.- The BadMost vehicles are in Paid DLC- Overall9/10"
76561198035651332,Recommended,320300,15812825,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,aohxomen,it is an advancement over last years game but its the same thing over an over again doesnt seem to change to 4x4 models or racers or anything so after a short while youll get bored with it its like the on going lvl in 2014 id recommend it to blow a few hours but i wouldnt expect much more then that
76561198119789595,Recommended,320300,17633009,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,grizzly05,"awesome game, needs a junkyard and more OLD cars. please quit adding new-ish ones but regaurdless if you are a gear-head or a car guy or gal this game is a must buy. 10/10"
76561198214644939,Recommended,320300,17742924,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,DeathStroke5.0,"I have been searching for game like this ever since the Gearhead Garage days.  It is a solid game for anyone that is interested in cars.  Replay value is a bit low, which is why I wish that they would open it up to community mods (cars, parts etc).  Currently with just a handfull of parts and 4 various engines it gets a bore after a little while, even with all the DLC's."
76561197975000755,Recommended,320300,15611963,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Shade,"This is a great game for those who are interested in cars (or just like to tinker with systems.) But let me state (and mind you I'm not a mechanic or a gearhead by any stretch of the imagination) that this game presents a simplistic and reductionist version of a car. If you don't know jack about cars you might walk away thinking you know how to fix a car. ""It could be the tie rods connecting the front left steering knuckle"" you'll say to your girlfriend as you look at her car when in reality your guess is just as good as anyother layman. Now the mechanics (ahem) aside, the car restoration bit is what keeps me in it. That sort of ""Now what have we got here?"" feeling you get when a new old beater comes into your ship. It's sort of exciting to be a kind of mechanical detective finding and fixing problems on an old car. And if you're unscrupulous, you can take older parts you have lying around and switch them for newer parts on a car sent into your shop for repair. Outfitted a whole Rino Piccolo with parts I looted from cars sent in for repair.Overall 10/10   Would definitely loot cars for their sweet, sweet gearbox components again."
,Recommended,320300,16942362,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Steve French,"So far, this is my favorite game of 2015. It expands on everything it did in the first installment, while also not deviating too far from its original style.For the hardcore car mechanics out there, this game is more for you than CMS 2014. It legitimately has the level of detail that can be beneficial to guys who already know what they're doing.To those who don't know a lot about cars, get this game and read some guides about what you're looking at and CMS could legitimatly teach you some things.This developer has it together and I am looking forward to even greater levels of depth in the future with the already amazing build system they have in place."
76561198121573551,Recommended,320300,17855502,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,COMMANDER199,Very nice and detailed game. The only thing i don't like is the bidding system the AI just run you up in price. But overall a great game.
76561198002351215,Recommended,320300,15771029,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,smurf0141,"Awesome game , I would definitely recommend this game."
76561197972654938,Recommended,320300,16899653,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Bohemio,"Performs far better on my HD-4000 based machine than did the 2014 release and looks far better to boot. Not many games you can say that about.Only minor complaints...* The auction portion can be a bit tedious. Would go better if the 'Next Car' button were not grayed out until the current car rolls up.* The RNG-based parts repair is a bit cheesy. The chances of success should scale up a bit more based on XP, perhaps.All in all, it's an excellent game."
,Recommended,320300,18140823,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Z4NN1N,Good fun! Try it yourself inInteractive video!
76561198041669875,Recommended,320300,15772686,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Tainted_Evil,I really like this game and it shows good promise for the future. Would recommend it for anybody.
76561198161334009,Recommended,320300,15775297,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Tchappellius,Very addictive.  Would be very grateful if it were possible to have a 'buy all parts' button or at least a visible list of parts required on the computer/tablet as it's furstrating having to keep chcking back to see what else you need or when you buy the wrong part.
76561197983845365,Recommended,320300,16954703,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,colin_c_sutherland,"Awesome game, thanks guys. Not a game for the action junkie though. I find the game relaxing and theuraputic, I enjoy turning an old clunker into a shiny new clunker. One suggestion for the inventory problem, try allow 100% items to group maybe. I.E Value push rod x20 or something like that. Also can we get a longer test track or a little scenic road to test the cars on, thanks?"
76561198006366051,Recommended,320300,16959012,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,quaDDDDruple,"This game is super cool. First auto simulator for me.I own a broken down cool car of yesteryear. I have done some work on it and found it to be very satisfying. To get more into cars and increase my knowhow, I have been watching Youtube car repair channels. In one of the channels, the presenter mentioned this game so I gave it a shot.This game is awesome! Granted I like cars to start with, but I think that anyone with even slight mechanical inclinations would enjoy this game.Pros: figure out where all the parts are; learn how to do a brake job; learn spark plug replacement; get to see how different cars are built (worked on I4 SOHC, I4 DOHC, and then a two cylinder air-cooled rear engined buggy clone) attractive graphics; realistic without getting your hands dirty; good gameplay.Cons: music tracks are good but are few in number; only two hours in but I haven't yet dealt with electrical items; may get repetitive if you do not like cars.I am two hours into this game and I love it. Worth every last cent of the twenty buck price."
76561198149434930,Recommended,320300,17192955,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,lee_1983_present,how do u buy cas ??
,Recommended,320300,17857832,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Furret!,I recommened this game for people who like building and creating.
,Recommended,320300,34989770,Posted: 16 September,all,i i T o p i c z H D,"Honestly love this game loads, It teaches you about car parts and everything else, very interesting game and i'm sure anyone would like it if you are into cars and enjoy these games. I'm glad i bought it and keep to buy 2018 when i do as well. I'm already loving this game and graphics are very good, music is good. Everything in the game is good!"
76561198051905450,Recommended,320300,17803820,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Nick The Hick,"This game is way better than I thought it was going to be. It actually feels like your running your own little shop. Doing small jobs that pay good money. Eventually getting harder and harder but the money paid out is well worth it. I was blown away on how pretty this game is. The graphics are amazing! I'm 15 hours in, and enjoying every minute of it. Very cool game with a very upbeat soundtrack. The only flaws are the camera can get a little annoying at times and the music loops a lot. I give this awesomely made game a 9/10 and would highly recommend buying it."
,Recommended,320300,35083629,Posted: 20 September,all,Sky❤️ Rzma2,"7.5/10need more activities with cars, it  get boring quick but good game in general"
,Recommended,320300,22971039,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Signor Smith,"If every now and then, you like to get your hands dirty mechanically, but just don't have the opportunity. Then this can work as a quick fix (though not always). Mechanically pretty accurate, though obviously simplified in some aspects. If you don't know anything about cars, this will definitely help you understand suspension and engines a bit better. Being an Electrical Engineer, I think it would be great if they did an electrical and electronic expansion or something."
,Recommended,320300,30328164,Posted: 4 March,all,Prince Freeza,great game.
,Recommended,320300,26225186,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Moster Rashi,It is very satisfying to solve the problems and rebuild bad cars.
76561198079737324,Recommended,320300,15650171,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Xxflareon123xX,Brilliant game cant get myself away from it
76561198061327106,Recommended,320300,15706297,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,SkinnierSteve,"I have played both of the car mechanic simulators, and I have to say, this one is better in every single way. And you can't ever complete this one, because jobs are unlimited and randomly generated. This game is very addictive, and it feels a lot like euro truck simulator 2 but with fixing cars instead of delivering cargo. This is not one of those crappy simulators you usually see on steam, this is amazing like euro truck simulator 2. Also, you can modify the colors of your workshop, buy attachments like a paint shop, a test area and a parking garage where you can store your car collection. You gain exp from working on cars, and with it, you unlock more cars with more problems to work on, more attachments to buy for your workshop, and you get upgrade points to upgrade your character, and to get tools to help you identify problems with cars. There's a lot more cars in this one than in 2014, and they are much more detailed with much more parts. This time you can work on the cooling system, open up the engine block and replace pistons or the crankshaft and the crankshaft bearings and everything. This game has insane amounts of detail, and the graphics and textures are mind blowing. The reflections are also really nice. The game also runs really smooth, and you don't even need the recommended graphics card if you want to run the game on Ultra graphics settings. I run it on Ultra very smoothly with my GTX 560 TI 2GB Phantom graphics card, so yeah. I honestly have never seen such gorgeous textures and reflections in a game before.  Well, Gta V has nice reflections, but still, this game is gorgeous too. In this game you can not only work on the parts of your car, but also on the panels, like doors, fenders, bumpers, lights, etc. Also, this game has tons of free DLC coming out, and they look like they will be amazing! The game's soundtrack is pretty cool too, even though I'm not really a fan of dubstep, I enjoy the game's dubstep soundtrack. It gets repetitive after a while though, because there's not a lot of songs in the game. I would like it a lot if they add more songs, and perhaps also a custom radio thing where you use your own music for the game's playlist. At the moment when I feel like using my own music, I turn off the game's soundtrack in the options menu, and run my playlist in the background, but I think it would be awesome if they added an in-game feature to use your own music, so you don't have to turn off music in the options each time you want to listen to something else. This game is also well worth the $20, and I highly recommend you buy it!"
,Recommended,320300,15529173,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sir Huggle VonDeathcuddle,"Played this game.Replaced an engine block.Tried to go out and do that on my car.Got confused and junked it10/10 would trash my car again .(All jokes aside, this game is lots of fun for those that don't know anything about cars, or are complete gearheads. Easy and fun. Hightly recommended)"
,Recommended,320300,15622290,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,The Urban Trout,"This is a great game for anyone who loves cars in general. This game is extremely fun (however it can be a little overwhelming at the beginning of the game). I love the wide variety of vehicles you can work on although THEY NEED TO ADD TRUCKS. Also, licensing for real vehicles would make the game a lot more appealing. Right now I would give this game 8/10, however it has the potential to be a 9."
76561198092366222,Recommended,320300,16632049,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,WHO YOU GONNA CALL,I LOVE LOVE this game. if you like to build cars and see the inside. manage your buisiness and save money for new things or just have your own colection of cars. well try it then don`t look after bad comments if you know that you want the game. come on BUY IT.
76561198147152496,Recommended,320300,16973948,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,RaptorModding youtube,this game is awesome
76561198077506712,Not Recommended,320300,21694195,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,orrenjoa99,I am going to keep this simple. By reading reviews i though this would be a good fun sim. After only a few hours its just repeating the same repairs over and over again. It gets very boring very quick.
76561198035618691,Not Recommended,320300,23234399,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,"Grimtoof ""Muthfukin"" Skullfury","Know! While this game does have a general feel of cars. It is painfully over simplified in most respects! While it can be entertining, it is not educational! Know that if you wish to buy this. It's a game, not a simulator."
76561198039349229,Recommended,320300,16945770,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dan,"Its a good game, but there could be some improvements made. Less detail in some areas, oil draining for example, the margin for where the drain pan is small, make that bigger. The way you disassemble and reassemble, you should be able to take off multiple parts at one time. A parts cupboard or something similar would be good to store repaired and used parts rather than have all parts mixed in together. A colour palette for the paint shop rather than a slider for hue etc It takes ages to collect XP. More toolbox upgrades. Timing and carb tune up options. Tyre options. A dyno tuner as well maybe. Trade cars with friends maybe, or race them. Theres so much more that can be done with this game. For now Im giving it 6 out of 10, only because there is so much room for improvment, I hope the creators keep working on this game to make it better."
76561198098822125,Recommended,320300,15604762,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TheZombieBoss2812,i think a 7/10 there needs to be more custermizeation
,Recommended,320300,27509835,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Offster,"I'm going to start off with that this isn't the best game in the world, nor should you ever expect it to be. That's not what this is about. However, my friend and I found that we absolutely could not stop playing this game for hours at a time. It may seem like it could get very repetitive but, giving both my friend and I are are car fanatics, it just seems like we could have enough hours under our belt by the time we get bored of the game, if that ever happens. It's your chance to build a shop at your own pace so you can customize your cars. Also, it's worth getting the gold edition, the DLC cars are great!"
76561198150662588,Recommended,320300,15697104,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Kevin334433,A good game if you want to learn around a car
,Not Recommended,320300,23072945,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Krosis,"Some major points.I can say for certain the core gameplay is pretty decent. Informative for someone like me who only knows a few part names and has made few repairs on their car. There are a number of additions that i feel should defintely be included though. More fluids, electronics repair, part descriptions, better damage indicators rather than generic rust, and just listening to engine sounds to diagnose problems quicker - to name a few.This isnt a simulator, rather a collection of minigames based on the reality of auto mechanics.The progression and experience earning rate is dreadfully slow, though. It does feel like hours before i got to my first 1000 Xp and chose my first measly upgrade.Load times are pretty merciless. I really wish they would focus on smoothing it out rather than other features.Most importantly though; the DLC. Why on Earth would you release a ""Gold""/complete version of this game that collects all of the downloadable content if you're gonna release another new dlc pack after, separately?? That's total lack of respect for your customers. I cant see why they wouldnt include it in an update, at least for those have the Gold version like me.This is an ethics issue that i cant forgive them for. I can praise the simple repair aspect of the game but i wouldnt recommend this on a account of poor professionalism from the developer."
76561197971130021,Recommended,320300,15524555,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,MG,"If you enjoyed CMS 2014, and/or you're a bit of a petrolhead and enjoy stripping down/fixing cars, it's a great game.Really looking forward to buying and doing up some old classics !"
76561198033738808,Recommended,320300,15511683,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,gbogy11,"I played CMS 2014 alot and had fun but it still felt things were missing.Gearhead garage... Now if only they could bring us back to that feeling,the auction mode,the fun it gave us.Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 has already done just that for me.I have only played for about 2 hours and what took about 5 minutes to fix a engine repair now can take upto 15 minutes becuase of the more realistic detail.I haven't got to the auction section yet because I haven't leveled up enough yet.Yep,you have xp for your mechanic to level up and unlock different tools and perks for your mechanic and it feels very balanced in the way that you have actually earned it.I would gladly pay more than $20 for this game since thre is already 5 dlcs planned and modding ability.This game is a must buy if you liked CMS 2014 or a Gearhead Garage fan,you don't want to miss this game:)"
,Recommended,320300,30967280,Posted: 5 April,all,magnolia,"it's really cool at first, but then gets boring after a good amount of time."
,Recommended,320300,15598309,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kraken,"I can't really say how accurate these games are because I know♥♥♥♥♥♥all about cars, but this is a definite step up from the wonderfly fantastic Car Mechanic Simulator 2014. This one is way more in-depth and like the previous one, it's fun and make you feel like you actually know what you're doing :P"
76561197991816198,Recommended,320300,22928112,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Splattered_Cat,"Honestly the only way I can think to make this game any better is to add realistic sound effects and mechanic actions. I want to hear the painful shattering of knuckles hitting steel by accident and the curses spewing from my tobacco filled mouth out of pure anger and agony. Another thing that I think needs to be added in conjunction with the afore mentioned agony is having the option to throw your tools in anger damaging the vehicle in the process only adding to the pain. Also there should be a frustration meter that runs all the time that rises from things like your wife calling to talk about something you don’t care about at the time, or ever. With these features missing I would have to give this game a, 9 out of 10. Just needs a little touch of true mechanic life."
,Recommended,320300,27883839,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tracey ⚡,"If you love to work on cars, this game is for you"
,Not Recommended,320300,27588837,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GrinningTow5,its a fun game but after a while it gets repetitive
,Recommended,320300,15787464,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,wetherbees,Really like the whole game... I dont like simulation games that much but this game made me want to play it a lot more...
76561198191977706,Recommended,320300,15802872,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,brian.jones,"after playing this for hours and hours i have come to the conclusion that it is brilliant i have nearly $300,000 all i want now  is the ability to upgrade cars with different components like being able to put a dual carb on an engine"
76561197968640925,Recommended,320300,15811360,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,motzinator,"This game is pretty good.   During the beginning it has cars with list of exactly whats broken, which is simple as deconstructing parts to find broken ones.  You then replace them with parts you buy instantly on the shops computer.  You later can update to tablet to buy parts right under car(saves time)You eventually you get good enough that game will no long hold your hand to what is wrong with the car.  There is car test park, with driving  stages to test certain parts of car(I personally never used it).You eventually rack up experience and money to buy cars at the auction house, where you buy bombed out vechicles, often missing body parts.  This is coolest part and you can eventually fill your garage with cool cars with custom colors.  My goal filling my garage with all the mmoore interesting cars.PRO'sPretty fun after you get tons of experienceOk graphics(good but  not great)Lots of different carsAuction HouseReally teaches you about cars!!!Somewhat detailing of major car systemsYou decide what cars to fix on the phoneFuture player mods and DLCOnly $20!CON'sExperience points take way to long too rack upMay not be super detailed depiction of car(no ac compressors,  no brake lines or bleeding, etc.)Doesnt tell you everything important(that you can move a oil collection tank under car to avoid $100 cleaning fee or need certain tools for automated testing for parts.Limited to no customization of cars(at very least make certain wheels interchangable, metallic and matte paint, striping.No free range walking of car garage(why not!)No drag strip! ;)....Biggest GripesI used a cheat program to get experience and even money.  I think game should have difficulty modes, like easy where experience points are gained way faster, a lot more starting money, maybe $10000 emergency loan.  You take the fun out of the game for certain players, forcing some players to advance at such a low pace leads to cheating ;). Game mode would let less tech savy players choose slow pace or fast pace.90/100....Buy Now!!!"
,Recommended,320300,15826734,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Zarliiz,replaced entire engine still dident find a part told him it whas all good
76561198138706966,Recommended,320300,15831813,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Punygod,this game is fun and is a massive improvement on 2014 i especially like the new edition for buying wrecks and restoring them on the downside the game can get a little tedious after the 20th restoration would make for more intresting play if there was a feture where you could own a lot out side where you could put your cars for sale and see what offers you get and some coustomization to beef up cars you are restoring im not sure just ideas genrally a good game
,Recommended,320300,15872412,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,killacom,"I've played this game almost to the point where I have nothing left to do but I still can't get enough. I personally work in a shop not near as nice as this one but even though this isn't nearly as detailed as a real car I still love it. I can't wait for more DLC to come out. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves sim games, mechanically inclined or not. You do not have to know anything about cars to play it. It may even teach you something. It kind of generalizes most consumer cars into a few categories of different engines and running gear. The parts being exchangeable between cars is nice it makes you worry less about finding the right part and more about working on the car. Fun fun fun. Casual play style, you don't have to pay attention as there is no time limit, so you can get up and go do whatever and come back exactly where you left off."
76561198148084544,Recommended,320300,15872619,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ISLANDGAMING 25,i love this game i have all the graphics maxed out and it still runs at a solid 60 fps its a good game and has a solid running program. i give the game a 10 out of 10! also it has a lot of DLC and more coming you should get it.
,Recommended,320300,15882886,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,lord-bas,Its SO AWESOME i love it but it lacks in the number of cars and i wish if you can add a big oval top speed test track and a supercharged cars . Also WE WANT TO Modify OUR CARS Engines (Making them more powerful ) .BUT FIRST WE WANT A BIG OVAL SPEED TRACK AND A 1/4 Mile Drag Strip
76561198075052436,Recommended,320300,15517251,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Lokin,"Very good gamewish there were real brands and accompanying parts tho like street rodquite fun gives u good idea of car layouts especially the order of removal etconly downside so far is you need certain amount of xp to unlock certain things such as parking to buy your own vehicles.but all in all it is fun but if you dont like realism in car games then this isnt for you. No turbo boost kit here, not yet anyway."
,Recommended,320300,15654483,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,conzilla12,This game is recommended because:1. Graphics Good2. Physics okay3. New interface4. More PartsBad things about this game:1. No registeration plate on the cars:(
76561198194456650,Recommended,320300,15656273,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Hanaramex,"After launching the game, the menu opens up normally, i start with the career mode, it loads then a black screen comes on with the game's background music. help anyone ?"
76561198007020521,Recommended,320300,15658830,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Steviefaux,"If you liked Gearhead Garage from the late 90s, then you'll love this."
,Recommended,320300,15660231,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Redyear20,"The best car mechanic simulator. Epic, and fun. You learn a lot of cars with this game. I recommend it for teaching mechanics."
76561198061447422,Recommended,320300,15833321,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Zombiescu,"If you liked 2014, you will for sure love this one 10/10"
,Recommended,320300,15868915,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,JokerNeverLaughs,"This game is amaze ballz, i am like so like addicted brah"
,Recommended,320300,15895394,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Brookssam6913,Great Game love the concept and cannot wait for more DLC's
76561198162910078,Recommended,320300,15898272,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,x_primescopes_x,Find it really fun and enjoyable. But could be a weee bit more realistic in some way but it is awesome for a simulator.
,Recommended,320300,15915376,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Master0us_F0rc3,i have been playing the CMS 14 a lot and this CMS15 blowed my mind i just love how this game runs and looks. Really good job Red Dot Games 10/10 <3
76561197969261831,Recommended,320300,15920670,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mingmar,"This is a fantastic game.  While I don't have much experience in car tuning, this is a ""safe"" alternative to getting under the hood and see/fix what's going on!  Just DL'd the latest DLC (Thanks PlayWay for the key!) and it's another step in the right direction.  With more DLC on the way, there's no doubt that this game will continue to please everyone.  Keep up the good work and ca't wait until the next DLC installment!Cheers,Mingmar"
76561198030115231,Recommended,320300,15932375,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,RamKom,I really love it! I want a storyline for this game and more RPG features. Would it be?
,Recommended,320300,15934674,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,[JNR-SNR] American Stig,"Ah, the joys of repairing a car without all that mess with grease or risk of bodily injury while repairing and restoring cars.  I bought this game here after many hours of watching YouTube videos about it and it's older brother Car Mechanic Simulator 2014.  This game is fun yet extremely taxing on the memory, mainly to remember what parts you need to buy to replace worn parts in your orders or restorations.  For your first upgrades, I would recommend getting the tablet, then all three testing devices.  The tablet helps so you won't be making constant trips over to the in game computer to buy parts.  This will increase your overall productivity and make it easier to start gaining experience and money."
76561198007300718,Recommended,320300,15945365,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,WsntMe,"Really fun game!  Kept my eyes on the reviews, and finally had to see what was up.  Looking forward to future DLC!"
,Recommended,320300,15957364,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,lothiN',"This game is absolutely astonishing. I can't begin to tell you how much you can learn from this game. I generally have always had great interest in cars, and with this game I am much more intelligible when it comes to what's underneath! Now I look at cars everyday and I keep thinking how I should be able to replace this and that part.I really recommend this game, it does require patience, but it's great fun!"
76561198126730500,Recommended,320300,15957985,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Unimaginative Profile Name,"Great game, almost like the real thing! It misses the wiring, hoses, seized bolts, stripped bolts, busted knuckles from slipping off that bolt and hitting another part, swearing, and interactions with costumers that would argue that the car is just low on blinker fluid. But after a long day of that, the lack of those things are welcome and refreshing.But really it is a good game if you are interested in working on cars, then it can be educational and entertaining. My only problem is that you can't restore cars without the parking lot, there is enough room in the shop if you only do one costumer car at a time."
76561198065121325,Recommended,320300,15964060,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,NFI Benny,"Im enjoying it for what it is, good time killer with some music on"
76561198185277127,Recommended,320300,15731208,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Craftsman,I just can't stop simin'! Great simulator with a true learning value! Recommed 10x over!
76561198051723693,Recommended,320300,15732618,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,adamatoom,"It is an amazing game for petrolheads, the only thing missing is upgrades and the abillity to customize cars."
76561198120863689,Recommended,320300,15737901,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,damobeast,hi there is a problem with the game there are no parts to buy for the maluch in the car part shop there is only body parts for it in the body part shop could you fix the problem
,Recommended,320300,15807981,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,[6thAL.H] Ogge,Great game. Many changes since the 2014 game. This is a game that I can recommend to you all
76561198030833418,Recommended,320300,15808095,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,bellarose7,Great game. Hours of fun!
,Recommended,320300,22167151,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,OcDGamer98,"Great game and teaches you a lot about the parts that make up a car. Before this game, I knew all the parts to an engine and their functions, but knew almost nothing on suspention. This game taught me all the common types and how they go together.In general very good, just waiting for the updates to allow me to do more since I currently have all of the upgrades.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,320300,21555889,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ShaymusDub,"The gameplay is addicting, even for a person like me who knows (or knew, I guess I should say) literally zero about how cars work. A true gearhead will see more lasting value to the overall product. As someone who enjoys deeper gameplay elements, however, I feel there's something lacking. You the player simply work on cars to make more money, which leads to easier and faster methods of working on cars, and that's about it. I would have really liked to see a career mode in which you eventually own and operate a living, breathing shop with budgets to manage, employees to hire/train/fire as appropriate, and perhaps eventually build a nation-wide chain of shops if your business acumen is up to the challenge.In other words, great core mechanic mechanic (so happy I got to say that) that has lots of room for expansion as an overal game concept. Also maybe throw in customer interactions, crappier computers, weak coffee, deadlines for getting work done... the list could go on."
,Recommended,320300,18556512,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Drunk people with firearms [DFS],"This is so real I sold my car so I can drive this game to school every day.A few important areas such as gaskets and such have been overlooked.This game also makes being a mechanic look super easy (its not, its far from it)If they add more vehicles and more functionality I'll ♥♥♥♥ my pants"
76561197989685216,Recommended,320300,20159570,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Blackcobalt,I've been having alot of fun playing car mechanic simulator for hours. The only down side to it at some point you have a ton of money with know where to spend it. I never keep what I build I just build and sell. But I would like to see my cars being auctioned off instead of just selling.Plus I would like to see a dlc pack with another 40  different types of vehicles ranging from jeeps to old picks ups and cars too limo's to exotic cars.Lots of fun to be had
76561198111728947,Recommended,320300,20349146,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,garyradov,cool love it man
,Recommended,320300,19295346,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Brizone,"The best car mechanic game out thereIt's great, even when not on saleBut I personally hope there's more ""dirty"" look and feel to the garage, and adding cable lines or other complexity to the car internals will be good..Nice soundtracks too *imo"
,Recommended,320300,20930019,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,𝖂𝖎𝖐𝖎𝖓𝖌,"If you wanna learn basics of a car you should get this game.This game is so good but it ain't perfect. Im studying to be a car mechanicer myself and I can confirm that this game is quite close with the real world but at the same time not. for example: there is no brake lines, fuel line, gaskets, no wires from the battery to the starter etc. But if you don't care about all that stuff go ahead, buy this game. It's worth it10/10"
76561198142509935,Recommended,320300,21096681,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,AK-47,Best game ever worth buying if you are intresead in cars and to build them this game works the best when you get all the content for the game which makes it even funner.
76561198203716032,Recommended,320300,21823616,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,BananaGaming65,"This game is really fun to play you get to manage what car you want to work on, you decide what car to restore BUT what could be improved in this game is that even if you have 90% chance of repair you still have a lot (and when I say alot I mean A LOT) of pieces that get destroyed by repairing."
,Recommended,320300,17038532,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Hanna,I love this game.  It's one of the neatest ways to fix cars I've ever seen.  I went from knowing nothing about cars to knowing nothing about cars.  xD
76561198058133698,Recommended,320300,17657594,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Lupni3rd,"A game that for me seems to be fairly theraputic at times, unbolting bits and bobs. An improvement over the first in terms of functions and variety of cars but I do feel the game lacks a end goal in it's current state. Maybe a revised career mode where you move up trough garages and such. Still plenty of time for DLC to come out and maybe the next iteration such as Car Mechanic 2016 may have this kinda career mode :)"
76561198133152313,Recommended,320300,17465211,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Liljuice94,"good game, could use more of a variety of cars, like pick-up trucks, along with different sports cars and some newer models of car. overall good game"
,Recommended,320300,17307722,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Swagwise Gamgee,"Everytime I want to exit, I just say ""I'll do just one more car,"" but it just keeps going. I CAN'T STOP!"
,Recommended,320300,16565590,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Fade,I really do like this game yes I may be kid that doesn't know that much about cars but i still have seen the negine of a car because my dad used to be a mechanic and he himself has spent hours on this game and thinks it's pretty realistic. Also the DLCs are cool and i cant wait for more keep it up. BTW this game has some pretty good tunes
,Recommended,320300,18580056,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Rinpiels,"you cant customize the engines, thats the only negative"
76561198032839495,Recommended,320300,15865122,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,[EC] | The Grammar Nazi,Played game for 1 hour. Then went and opened a repair shop. 10/10
76561198195696543,Recommended,320300,16787094,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,bloodrose,Just be patient and you will learn things
,Recommended,320300,18447254,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,NiMo,Disassamble the engine parts by parts...It was the battery's fault.10/10 would make an emtpy space again under the hood!
76561197987334447,Recommended,320300,18688109,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,AWoL,restored an car ran out of cash sold a customers car parts finished my car.10/10 would do it again
76561198241993112,Recommended,320300,24509702,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Yeezys Protege,"I have loved this game since it came out, easily 10/10 game. i love how they stepped it up from car mechanics 2014. Ever since i got this game ive been addicted. I just wish they had steam cloud so bad. i recently got a new laptop an when i downloaded all my steam games, this game was the only one that i had to start over with ;( please please add steam cloud to this game, ive seen other people talk about steam cloud in the discussions, an we all would love for that to be added."
,Recommended,320300,18736248,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sheriff Ace,"This is a pretty realistic cool game. I have easily spent 16+ hours on this within the past day an a half.  A perfect game to play while watching netflix on another monitor. (ADD alert)  The game is pretty in depth when it comes to the parts; simple yet detailed. And the work on the cars gets more complicated, or prolonged because of the ammount of things you need to repair on the vehicle, whether its body panels or all the way to the inside of the engine block."
76561198109888972,Recommended,320300,19413912,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,司令.,great game.
76561198119779072,Recommended,320300,19252441,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[REKT]xXGAMER2001Xx,10/10 Would play again
76561198124440607,Recommended,320300,27251277,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BazGa,Just restoring your own car makes it worth it 12/5
,Recommended,320300,28703599,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,zaky185,awsome game can spend hours getting lost in all the different things to do love it
,Recommended,320300,28457930,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,XxX_69_Mujahideen_69_xXx,"Good game for $5This is a good game for if you want to play a game while listening to a podcast, because it doesn't require a very high amount of concentration. I wouldn't want to play it just by itself though, since it can get a bit tedious. For someone like me, who's unfamiliar with the inner workings of cars, the game basically functions as a puzzle game. I recommend getting this game at a discount, since it's not worth its full price, but for $5 it's a nice time-waster of a game."
76561198246204872,Recommended,320300,29023805,Posted: 4 January,all,Ageingpual,"This game is really addicting and once you play you won't know how long you've been playing for it just sucks you in, all though it is a bit repetitive it's still fun."
76561198277725663,Recommended,320300,28408699,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,callum0502,this is a good game but you need to know your stuff to save time. if you want better stuff for your car ( need the parking and a car) the peformace DLC is for you
,Recommended,320300,23011032,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Turb0,This game is amazing. You will get sucked in for hours at a time and you will yearn to get more XP so that you can finally build your dream car. Buy this game.
,Recommended,320300,23991847,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,homeless man,"It's a good game, but what should come in the game is:More visual customization things like spoilersLowering your carCambering your wheelsPainting wheelsMultiplayer!!!SupercarsFuel system (you have to buy fuel for your car and can run out)JDM cars like a nissan skylineIf the game gets multiplayer i would give it a 10/10My rating is an8/10"
76561198119329916,Recommended,320300,26641135,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Butter The Bean,"Very well built game with lots to do but keep in mind this can get repetitive, Although there is no full control over the building mechanics of the game it still feels very well done and gives a simple idea on building cars. Rebuilding cars takes time to get to but is quite fun to rebuild differnt cars and selling them at differnt amounts from the work and money you put into it and  restoring of other peoples car, I do recomend this game and i do also recomend the preformance DLC for the ability to buy better and faster parts for your car.10/10 Would rip apart an engine for 30 mins again."
,Recommended,320300,28552532,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BOT Warren,It is a great game to learn cars components. You will also enjoy 'My Summer Car' later.The inventory is not good at managing a lot of components. Recommend more filters to sell parts.
,Recommended,320300,28962890,Posted: 2 January,all,Cavio,"Not bad for a few bucks! Is very relaxing, and good for passing a few hours."
76561197998652445,Recommended,320300,28353136,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[920]meofcourse™,"My 14 year old nephew loves anything and everything about cars and I mean everything from Trucks to bus just everything, since he was 5 years old.  So having this game and letting him see whats under the hood and taking care of the orders that come in.  After watching him play this is pretty cool mini game having your own garage to work on cars.  This should be in racing games.  Having parts rust out and need replacement.  But yes I recommend this game."
,Recommended,320300,28473134,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Stole Skinodds.com,Really addictive and fun to play game. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,320300,28459682,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Hogwaffle,"I knew nothing about cars. I played this game, now I know more. Heck, I didn't even like cars and now I do. I highly recommend this game. Requires patience and problem solving though, it is slow paced. If you're into dubstep the soundtrack is great.10/10"
,Recommended,320300,23755277,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rambo,"It's good but it needs some help. I work on cars for a living and the game is ok but not in depth enough for me. We've all had run ins with European simulator games and they usually do the basic and the modders take over from there. The devs have said they want to open the door to modders but haven't done so yet. If you can get it on sale I say go for it, otherwise wait until mod support comes and see what they can do to make this game great."
76561198149548482,Recommended,320300,23526870,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,DrasticUser99,"This is a game for wanna-be petrol heads like myself, it is a very in depth game and is a puzzle for most of the game, you do pick up on stuff later and where things go and how things operate, it also quicker if you use the tutorial at the start, unlike me.After you get used to it, it is just a grind for experience to unlock new aspects of the garage, it is very enjoyable if you are like me and justwant to rebuild cars and test them and mod them.However some DLC's are recommended as the game isnt AS MUCH fun as it would be ""stock"" (Bad dum tsss) for example, I recommend getting, the youngtimer, tuner, performance, and SUVs, as you get more to do and more things to play with."
,Recommended,320300,29369666,Posted: 19 January,all,Octuplex,"I can't explain why I like this game so much. I can't tell a toyota from a honda. But there's something about taking a car apart, removing a broken part and putting it back together that just feels good.If I had one complaint, it's that after several hours it can get rather tiring to have to remove the same parts over and over, but after awhile the game introduces new cars at random that keep things somewhat fresh."
,Recommended,320300,20373781,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TajMahal,"Relaxing and casual, while at the same time making you feel as if you are progressing. Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 is a real Simulator game and not some POS meme-filled ripoff."
,Recommended,320300,20378599,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dom™,"wheeler dealers the game and I love it.what this game need is co-op, better garage and car exterior customization and a race track, otherwise is perfect relaxing game and you can learn some car stuff to."
76561198013477362,Recommended,320300,20494315,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,СЕНТЯБРЬ ЕБЛАТОВ,Good game
76561197966918254,Recommended,320300,20491310,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,1911,These game can be a lot of fun especially when you get three cars in your garage one needs oil filter and the other one needs small bushings of some sort and then you just swap the parts they need you scam the  heck out of them lolor you can just be honest and make less for your time The careful don't want to many parts on one car or else you'll get a notification that the scar is in worse condition than when It came in
76561198025053386,Recommended,320300,16859518,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ed,"My cats love this game.  It makes me take notes and print spreadsheets, and that gives them things to sit on."
,Recommended,320300,17101191,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Spacker,Fun.
,Recommended,320300,17456181,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,WeebyTeaSnob,"Went bankrupt buying up all the anti-seize compound in the tricounty area. 8/10My only gripe (and thats the mechanic in me) is some of the steps involved to remove some components, but overall its fairly accurate."
,Recommended,320300,28367327,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sp3ctr,"I've turned wrenches on all sorts of things, from lawnmowers to helicopter gunships.  While this game isn't a ""perfect"" simulator by any means, it's actually pretty fun and semi-realistic.  There could be a lot more to it, but for what it is, it's actually a great time-waster or way to just kinda sit back and relax.  If you have experience with working on vehicles, you won't find this in the least challenging, but then, it's not really about challenging, is it?It's fun, as long as you're not expecting a real brain-twister.  As for people who don't have much (or any) experience in working on cars, this is actually a really good way to learn about how things are attached to each other and roughly how they work.  There's a ton of detail being left out, but it's really all about the major parts and being able to customize stuff / repair stuff.The most fun part of the game for me was when I got up to the point that I had enough money to turn my repair shop into a restore shop.  I don't take repair orders anymore.  I go to the auction, find a car to refurb, completely restore it, and sell it for a heafty profit.  It's a great non-frustrating game to tinker around with."
,Recommended,320300,20341250,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Seijaku.kun,"I know nothing about car mechanics... NOTHING... I started playing this game out of curiosity and now I'm learning about all the parts. Graphics are OK, maybe a little outdated but not that much. UI is simple and helps you a lot if you know nothing about cars. It's fun. I understand the complexity but it would be great if the devs updated the base game and DLCs with more parts, aftermarket and/or even a mode to tune your own car. I don't know if more cars are unlocked with more XP or if what the game shows at the beginning is all there is. A couple more cars wouldn't hurt, still, like I said, understand the complexity of adding a car. I don't regret buying it. It's not an action or racing game. It's a game for when you want to think a little and if you like to tinker with stuff. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,320300,31797096,Posted: 16 May,all,AnimeEDM,Pretty fun game!just got over 100 hours and i do say..yes you do get bored with it at times.to be honest i find the vehicles variety lacking slightlythere is still some small things that have to be fixed like clipping parts etc.but this game is very fun to just open once a week and work on some cars!if its buying a scrapper to restore or just buy a few cars and and strip them to the bone!or you can just do the normal jobs the game gives you wich gets boring xD at least for me it does but this game deserves a buy!DLC's are cheap too!
,Recommended,320300,30126812,Posted: 23 February,all,Brapper,"Great game! It's highly detailed, and its very intuitive too. It's also very educational too, I know some parts of a car, but now I know more about it. Coincidentally, I have a unit about cars, and we will be looking into it in the summer."
76561198332277178,Recommended,320300,30118426,Posted: 23 February,all,gtrdrift35,Good game and very detailed but time consumingIt is worth getting
,Recommended,320300,32970120,Posted: 28 June,all,Kanelbulle,"I mean it is as it says, it's a mechanic simulation game. Don't expect anything else and you won't be sad. There are a lot of functions within the game that are sort of overly complex without reason, like when replacing old parts for new ones. But overal you can waste a lot of time playing this and rebuilding imaginary cars in your spare time. It's not SUPER detailed when it comes to dissasembly and such obviously. But it gives enough detail to make it interesting for anyone with a mechanical background."
,Recommended,320300,31906496,Posted: 22 May,all,I GIVE UP ON LIFE,It's a game
,Recommended,320300,29267487,Posted: 15 January,all,Lobster,">engine power has failed>throutle and fuel rail are first to blame>still one more unfound part to problem>OCP and compression tests engine- both come out with nothing>starts taking apart timing belts in search of rotten rollers>nothing>takes a deep breath in>starts taking apart the engine head, camshafts, crackshafts, all>nothing>assumes it could be the fly wheel>it's not, stop trying>literally tares the engine out piece by piece in rage>nothing>sits there staring at this disgrace>maybe the engine being there in the first place made the engine inoperable in the first place>nope, it's just the air filter base, obviously2015/10would pretend exclusively playing this game makes me a legitimate auto repairman again."
76561198163214526,Recommended,320300,32823524,Posted: 26 June,all,bullion40,"Great game, great concept. PLEASE ADD A PORSCHE PACK... PLEASE!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,320300,33621909,Posted: 17 July,all,cjnick61,"Although simple this game is addicting as hell, would recommend to my friends!"
76561198263026076,Recommended,320300,33635918,Posted: 18 July,all,RareKiller117,perfect simulator can occupy you for hours on end.
76561198143230193,Recommended,320300,33636295,Posted: 18 July,all,ernest1783,Love it lots of fun
,Recommended,320300,33636314,Posted: 18 July,all,RossyRockape,"Absolutley brilliant fun. Numerous hours of my life have been lost deep within this game, working my way up to be able to buy cars at auction, fix them up, sell them, and then do it all over again.3 Things I like:Great range of vehiclesJob diversityParts stores3 Improvements :Vehicles- Would be nice to have more licenced vehiclesTest track- would be great to have a race track enviromentTuning- Tuning the ECU/CARBS is a bit bland, there is so much opportunity there to get under the bonnet and twist some screws for the fuel/air mixture and a nice little software app for the ECU tuningOVERALL a great game that i will carry on playing until the next CMS arrives on steam8/10"
,Recommended,320300,32860715,Posted: 27 June,all,Randy,"Terrific game, some say it's just a clicking simulator, but at least is an addictive one!There are some aspects that require some polishing however:All cars should be licensed, not generic rip-offs in the base game and licensed versions in DLC. It ruins immersion.Although as simulator is quite complete, it doesn't excels yet. Cars are way more complicated and rich than the game may lead you to think. Also some description of what parts do (and sintoms if they fail) would be a nice add.You have to remember what piece you need, scroll the in-game online shop and buy it, one-by-one. No bulk orders (for V8 engines it's just awful), no shopping-list or somekind of reminder of what you need to get.Parts are too generic-branded and fit all cars. More diversity would make things interesting."
,Recommended,320300,24523651,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,kNOwofTHekING,"I absolutely LOVE this game. If you enjoy tinkering or ever wondered how vehicles go together (for the most part, anyways), get it.Pros--Great to kill lots of time-Never deal with a single customer face-to-face-No bills to pay (as of yet), so you can focus solely on jobs and your beautiful cars-Gives a basic overview of how vehicles go together and how the parts interact with each other-Devs are active and seem to be pushing out new content oftenCons--The GRINDING.......(I was about seventeen hours in by the time I bought my first car, but I knew exactly how to put it together, which is nice.)-""Expanding the garage"" is not only expensive, but also needs an exp requirement-Customization of vehicles is limited on the base game. Some people have mods for their games, but I'm not sure how deep they actually go besides lowering and vinyls-Apparently, people at auctions will buy rotting Earthquake Rex shells for $18,000 and a rusted hulk of a Delray Custom goes for around $13,000. But I outbid them. I may not be a smart man, but I do know what love is..........cars.TL;DR- Buy it if you're interested in vehicles and need something to kill time when other people occupy the house (we know what you do when you're alone, don't even try to argue). Of course, it's nice to work on cars between sessions, too....Anyway, if you're interested and it's on sale, be sure to grab it. It's worth it. If you're still on the fenceline, take a look at the community hub and albums of people's rides. That should convince you. I've actually just finished a build on a Delray Custom, so check it out!"
,Recommended,320300,32867571,Posted: 27 June,all,Noriu nusišaut,The game is fun. Although gets repetitive after a while
76561198307329043,Recommended,320300,33584583,Posted: 16 July,all,Braco,"""f*ck i bought the wrong part"""
,Recommended,320300,25960048,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,michael.hamilton119,for those that are intrested in Automotive this is a start
,Recommended,320300,25945559,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CZ Lukas,"I definitely love this game. Even with not as many possibilities as I want to have.I would like to see in the future for exampleboxer engines (like Subaru or Porsche have).Some things are not as detailed as they should be. For examplehooses from air filter to throttleorair filter to turbo, then into cooler and ended at throttle again. Something like that. There are a lot of things to improve, but still... Its fun to play this game. Maybe in the future we will have some user mods that can add those features.There might be some showroom as well for restored cars from auctions.Resume?Definitely worth to buy this game and spend some hours to play.After few hours there is some kind of stereotype, but there are some DLCs that can extend a time to play.Thanks for nice game"
76561198064340362,Recommended,320300,33153124,Posted: 2 July,all,ISellPing,Very good!
76561198057164489,Recommended,320300,19892264,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,topke63,"Buy worn out cars, renovate them and sell with profit or become a famous car collector."
,Recommended,320300,24250998,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Astro,Repairing cars might be more fun than you think. Also this teaches you a lot about how a car works.
76561198086034547,Recommended,320300,25680971,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Snuggles,This game.. suprisingly.. is amazing!
76561198322507934,Recommended,320300,30126385,Posted: 23 February,all,@bot_RobertsKK❤,"Have to give this one a cautious thumbs up. There aren't enough customization options in the base game, and the game is a bit over-monetized. That said, it still plays pretty well and has a fairly good feel to it. It does have a couple of issues that I'll correct right now...1. the radio is under the window cill behind the Right Lift.2. The unlockable diagonistic tools can be activated using F1-F3 when in examine mode when looking at the engine. I didn't discover this until 60+ hours into the game.So except for those usability fails, it's a pretty interesting game... Has an issue with part identification in expert mode tho, ie there's no manual to refer to to figure out which part to put on a car if you sold the old ones too soon."
,Recommended,320300,22636124,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Iridium,"After the first few cars that come into your shop for repair, you've got the concept down. After you unlock a few of the basic skill unlocks, there's nothing you can't really solve. After you're able to buy cars at auction, that's it. You've reached the end game. By that point you're stripping cars down to bare metal and replacing them piece by piece, car after car, making unneeded profit on a hugely routine exercise. There's no real change except for which cars you choose to restore, and sell.The money will never go towards anything but buying and restoring more cars. After you've done one or two, you've even unlocked all the points you need for the garage visual updates, and will have points to spare that you don't need. Buy car, fix, sell, repeat forever.And so, I recommend this game. Which feels weird to me.It's super repetetive. The DLC is kinda nice and not stupid-expensive, but doesn't add enough to be a game changer. Even the recent addition of Expert Mode hasn't really changed anything, as I've done enough of this to not need the non-expert prompts as to what to do next. But I keep going back and doing that repetition.I guess in a way it's soothing, or at least I find it so. It's not like you're accomplishing much, but after a lot of (clicking only) effort, you've finished a nice rebuild of the car and can sell it and get it out of your workshop. Why does that seem good? I don't know. I can't say.My biggest wish is that it went a few layers deeper. Like if I had to fix it all down to a new level of detail: not just replacing the headers, but how about all the gaskets too? Or the interior needs fixing (all cars, no matter how jacked at the auction, have perfect interiors). Or if I want to get a small, cheap car, and throw a turbo and lowered springs on it and sell it that way.It's weird. I can't make myself hit the ""No I don't recommend this"" button because I enjoy it, but there's so many caveats and missed opportunities I feel I should hit it.I guess, in the end, it's a 3 out of 5 stars that I somehow can't stop playing."
76561198091774118,Recommended,320300,33903626,Posted: 30 July,all,eViLoZzy,"This game had/has me totally addicted.I love the attention to detail and option to go hard core. The dlc is amazing and I would wish for much more, maybe a proper circuit racing track and possible trucks, they could race and drag. But... CMS18 is out now and struggling for stability and bug removal. But for many players including myself, it simply wont even load up, so it's more time on this refined beauty of a simulator.8/10""I highly recommend getting this title, and all dlc""""More hours of repeatable playtime than a good porn movie"""
76561198301727271,Recommended,320300,33487848,Posted: 12 July,all,߷Risky Berwick߷,"VroOOOOOOOOOMMMMM, vrooooom, vroooom, VROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMⒷ Ⓐ Ⓓ   ➉/➉"
,Recommended,320300,33773810,Posted: 24 July,all,MeowOfficer,"This is much better than the 2014 game, with lots of fun features, good job!"
,Recommended,320300,25039193,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,sconcho,"Pretty neat game if you're into cars and what not. Also neat if you're not and are just looking for a cool sim to blow time. Graphics are pretty solid. Your garage can be upgraded with different rooms or tools to test certain car parts, which is pretty cool. You can also use your skill points to customize the look of your shop. With the DLCs included, there are tons of cool cars with several repairs that come in. After a certain point, however, the process of repairing the cars can become extremely tedious.Solid game to play when you're baked. Would pay $10 or less."
,Recommended,320300,24413883,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Yupitiria-Diehl,"8.2/10+ If you have more money to buy the mod on this game, just do it.+More knowledge about the car, How to modify your car... and double your moneyIn game, Not your life, lolby restore a classic car.+ If you have a perfect knowledge after spending an hours, or even a day to play this game, You should try the ""expert mode"", The Real Mechanic simulator.cons :- always destroy the stuff you want to rebuildSPOILER ALERT : 90% of success fixing items doesnt help either, you still sucks at fixing the items, just 75% of success- How can I put my ""Users mod"" if the mod doesnt exist at all... :(advice : just buy the Perfomance and stuff dlcit good rather that you buy maserati or another manufacture's dlc"
,Recommended,320300,33688734,Posted: 20 July,all,BlaCK_BuLL,good
76561198253475549,Recommended,320300,33612118,Posted: 17 July,all,IL0198,"A Great game, Im thoroughly enjoying the gameplay. Its a simplistic and fun simulator game."
76561198222078904,Recommended,320300,34041126,Posted: 5 August,all,bucketlord#RQ,"A great chop shop simulator except you have a conscience meaning that if you switched a good part for some banana a hobo gave you near a brothel you will not give your customer that car back until you at least get the car into a slightly better condition than the quality  it came in you'll be able to give it back.Soon enough you'll be buying stolen cars at auctions and all of them will be rusted out pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥with no exceptions.These you will fix, then sell to crime bosses so that they can crash them again.Gameplay:Now this is a fun sim but some things are slightly lazy,finding broken parts consists of a find the rust minigame which is kind of lazy but it doesn't hold the game back too much.Now another thing is repairing parts which is click,random noise,message of how much of the part was repaired now i dont really mind that too much but what I do mind is how slow fixing a bunch of parts is, fixing parts if a 3 step process,click,wait,esc to close message.the thing is most cars will need you to fix about 50 or so parts at least so you have to do that for all of them multiple times for each part.3.5/5Graphics:The sequel has improved the graphics from the previous game by quite a lot so the graphics are quite appealing,not really AAA standard but great notheless. 4/5stability:Has not crashed a single time and runs a smooth 60fps constantly.5/5(cough unlikecarmechanicsim2018 cough)"
76561198012068872,Recommended,320300,20887145,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,oldeguy,"If you repaired cars, the logic here will fail you. Fuel filters above the gas tank? Really?I know, lots of positives. But they concentrate on European models. One day I'd like to see this game based on US models.  The feeling of once again taking a 20"" wheel off a Surburban in mid air, ah that's manly man stuff.  Or changing a rear end in a Camaro or Challenger, the blower on a Hellcat, the heater core in a Blazer (look that one up). Nope not here.I just didn't enjoy it.I'll give it a positive because it's pretty and the game works, but it's Euro-centric and not my cup of Jack Daniels."
76561198050511370,Recommended,320300,16932479,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Araris Valerian,absolutely love this game. everybody should get this if you get the chance. you learn a little about how cars work and have a blast while doing it. one of my favorite games of all time.Positives:-learn about general mechanics of cars-relaxing laid back game-sexy cars-cant afford a classic car to restore? this game is as close as you can get without pouring money into a real carNegatives:-after a certain point loses it's challenge (have over 2mil money and 52 xp points to spend and nothing to do)-not enough driving challenges-cant drive your fully restored muscle car in real life (asking too much but this is still valid.)-feeling like a badass mechanic when you really dont have any expierence with real life cars.-dieing of old age waiting on next Car Mechanic Simulator (gimme! gimme! gimme!)I tend to purchase games based on cost to time spent playing (skyrim was $60/spent 140 hours playing=$0.43/hour of play)this game i spent $55 and played for over 75 hours playing and still having fun=$0.73/hourbe aware that each hour is fun and an adventure of itself. (stripper: $20/1 hour of play=$20 cost per hour) this game makes a stripper cry.
,Recommended,320300,16936621,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ragebayne,A lot of fun you are able to eventually. Buy your own car strip it down and fully rebuild it
76561198196525823,Recommended,320300,17236403,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,KDL Varrix,i rate this game 10/10 its awsome cant wait for new dlcs
,Recommended,320300,17619006,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Imakidder,This game is awesome!!!
,Recommended,320300,17803629,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Meme,One of the absolute best simulation games out there! I have just started playing it and I already love it! I have always been a big fan of cars and how they work and this is just amazing and very detailed! Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,320300,16881833,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Optimus Christ,"I don't care about cars at all.  Before playing this I couldn't tell you the difference between a distributer cap and an exhaust manifold.  I still don't care about cars, but this is a fun little simulator.  It relaxes me in the same way Euro Truck Simulator does, it's a great game to zone out with while watching TV or listening to podcasts."
,Recommended,320300,16885580,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,vfn4i83,Great simulator and training software.Excelente simulador e treinador virtual.
,Recommended,320300,16902169,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,3BBarnes,Hours of fun.... literally. In a week I've logged 40 hours on this but it's so worth it!
76561198239395244,Recommended,320300,17129411,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,buckrobinson517,"For those who know close to nothing about cars, and what goes into them, what minor but vital components are needed to make a vehicle run, this simulation CMS '15, would be great for many people. Now, the only part(s) I'm disappointed about, is the lack of vehicle modifications that can be performed. Unlike real life, you can't turbocharge, supercharge, procharge any of the vehicles in this game. Another part I'm not so pleased with about this simulation, is there are no pickup trucks whatsoever. I hope that in the near future there will be DLC containing pickup trucks, vans, and other miscilaneous vehicles. One other Disappointment I have is the amount of driving, or lack of driving ability there is. It would have been nice to have freerome, a race track other than the Factory Test Track, and a Dyno in the Garage. But overall this simulation is pefect for beginners that want to go into the automotive trade."
76561198001848085,Recommended,320300,17134623,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,MGySgtAFawkes,"This game will consume me, I love it!"
,Recommended,320300,17155572,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Miz Hyde,"This game is addictive, I'd play endlessly. I enjoyed learning bits by bits about the basic mechanics. I actually don't feel like such a noob anymore around my car or when talking with a real-life mechanic."
76561198122664991,Recommended,320300,17222351,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,krazyneko,"pretty detailed simulator but after some hours spent playing it, it is quite repetitive."
76561198202896013,Recommended,320300,17769253,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Teletuby Feliz,"Very complete and real simulator! They should encourage kids to play this at school, learning so much. At the beggining is tricky and if you don't have at least some knowledge you will end up deasambling the whole car and assembling it again. As long as you know how an oil change is done and you are familiar on where some parts are located you should be fine. And if you get stuck in a job o get frustrated you can abort it without any penalties and then try different car jobs. After playing bread simulators, goat simulators, survivals of all kinds... I think this is the most and way far best simulator I ever played. 10/10... Of course if you are not a pretolhead or not interstead in mechanic or learning this game is not for you.+PROS:+you get jobs+you buy car parts+sometimes you need to examine the car and find out what is wrong with it (far more easy than it sounds)+remove/place parts one by one, screw by screw+get paid+buy tools and upgrades to improve your job+as more experience you make the more challenging and complex the game gets and more FUN+awesome electronic/EDM background music+no bugs found yet, exept once I removed a part and got it twice which is nice.+repair parts+sell parts+and more (yet for me to discover)-CONS-you can get stuck on a job, but you can quit it and recover-some parts are so small and difficult to find sometimes but thats part of being a mechanic simulator-needs patience-need to be intersted on cars or the science behind them (specific audience)"
76561198043519846,Recommended,320300,17798380,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,CrossLegLuke,"Why the hell is this so fun???? No, like seriuously this should not be this fun. I've play 8 hours at the time of writing this and I bought it 8 hours ago and already went back and bought the DLC and I NEVER buy DLC. I'm not a pure-simulator kinda guy I think they are cool but get boring fast.But here I am in-game writing this review because I can't be bothered to shut it off long enough to write the review on the main steam window. Why is this game so fun? it shouldn't be this fun.Honestly $20 ain't asking too much for this game, but even better if you get it on sale (But then again ain't everything?)it has a slower start, but you won't be able to put it down especially if you like cars. If you don't like cars: why are you even reading this?This is the best  pure-simulator ever made, second only the Goat simulator."
76561198045307202,Recommended,320300,17970655,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,mammles,"Love it! Just wish they sold one with more than just cars, like motorcycles, trucks, tanks, and planes. Looking forward to their future work."
,Recommended,320300,18014727,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Feiken,Cool game. ;)I like it.
,Recommended,320300,18075560,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Anomaly's Door V3,"An Absolutley amazing game, tried the demo first, loved it then brought it, i havent played much but what i have played i often will be given new tasks to complete tottally recommend would give 100/10 if i could!"
,Recommended,320300,18085525,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Fink,"Not a true simulator in the sense of the word, however, many of the parts are in there and properly functions as they do IRL. HUGE grind at the start for XP to unlock the test path, paint booth and parking lots (plus the cash needed for each) which for me got old pretty fast.Once you open up the locked areas your next goal is to buy junkers from the auction block, repair/restore the vehicle to 100% and turn a decent profit or put it in your personal collection. That's it.Great way to pass several hours and have some fun."
76561198198781187,Recommended,320300,18093154,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,FlyingPig1911,"8/10 would rate. Could do with a few extra things *cough cough more cars cough cough* but overall a good game, if you like cars, worth the money"
76561198042680996,Recommended,320300,18182748,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Le tireur d'élite,"As a person who doesnt understand anything about cars, at least I know where the parts are located and which part may cause the problem :) Played in English and when someone talks in Turkish I dont understand which part people talking about. I guess I should play itTurkish a bit, too.(I would gladly play if they make computer mechanic game to understand computer parts and fixing)"
76561198058303343,Recommended,320300,18191433,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,homeboydobe,"Nicely done car mechanic sim. Played previous version for days straight, 2015 is much more smooth and done very well. totally recommend for anyone interested in car mechanic sim."
,Recommended,320300,18212808,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,derpface76 DANKSTOP.COM,"Very well done game.Better than 2014 in most ways. Only thing its missing is a dino, and a used car parts shop.9.8/10"
,Recommended,320300,18227744,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Zephyr,"the game is fun and fairly realistic, minus not having wires, but what ever you do dont drink the break fluid coffee!!!edit: so earlier they said it was going to have free monthly dlcs... now were lucky to get dlcs every 3 moths and its about 4 bucks... beyond that though my comment stands still realisticedit upon edit: after a few more hours this game is not one to bank hours upon hours on and if they would have gotten gaskets wires fixable gearboxes/diffs and stuff like that would have made this game better and keep attetion longer"
,Recommended,320300,18256774,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,SpeedSpiced,This game is detailed about every part of the car if you are looking into being a mechanic this the game for you
76561197993399655,Recommended,320300,18283338,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Velox,"I don't actually play this game, I just bought it for the sick beats.69/10"
76561198033239584,Recommended,320300,16870188,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,=(e)= Alpaca Stan,"As a car enthusiast in real life and a player of nearly all car related video games, I instantly fell in love with the Car Mechanic Simulator series thus far. CMS 2014 was amazing, but CMS 2015 is something entirely new. The amount of things the player can interact with in CMS 2015 has more than doubled than those from CMS 2014. You can now customize your garage any way you want to, have 3 cars in your garage at once instead of just 1 and work on them whenever you like, the auction house where you can buy a junker and fully restore it anyway you please, etc. Truly a classic for any car lover to spend hours upon hours playing!"
76561198083810314,Recommended,320300,16877560,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Ultraboy172_DBS,Hi!! I am writeing a review to report a BUG! I do love this game and it is very fun! This is a replace part bug. If you try to replace an old part with the new part too fast... it seems to place the old part insted of the new part. I do have all of the dlc's right now. LOVE this game keep it up! :)
,Recommended,320300,17142625,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,[ENRL] Mr. Hax,"For me, it tests my logic really well, and it actually feels very casual, but it's challenging!"
,Recommended,320300,17177642,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,nicholas4279,this an awesome game  and i highly recamend it
,Recommended,320300,17240532,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Henlo My Guy,I bought this game to make me learn more about cars. It was a VERY good choice. 10/9
76561198079106384,Recommended,320300,17245871,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Martin D. 5E-3,This game is one of the best mechanic games on the market it is so fantastic in detail and i love the support and develoment team behind this product it is just fantastic.I would recomend this game to anyone with a passion with cars like me.I do want to see one element added thought to the game the ability to have kind of an open world or a recovery type of  addon or edition i think that would make this game more complete than anything.
76561198152068135,Recommended,320300,17576542,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,chubbycurt360,"I've played now for about 11 hours, and im in love with this game! One of my favorite games now."
,Recommended,320300,17604059,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,[HUN] Lac,"Superb game, I can recommend it if you like cars and would like to know what could be wrong with them and what to check... I am a bit dissappointed that only Polski Fiat is in the yountimer extra DLC. I had from the former communist East-Germany  (DDR) a Trabant 601S. That is more famous, I would like to see or purchase that car as well as the old Russian Lada 1200 ..."
76561198072852232,Recommended,320300,17619121,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Steelrain1992,Very fun game.  The devs went above and beyond so far in this simulator.  I hope that they put performance parts into the game later on.
,Recommended,320300,17763302,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,JamesMac,"This game is for an aquired taste, be aware. How ever for those people there are hours and hours of enjoyment to be had here."
,Recommended,320300,18143393,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Lars Fidjarsen (Uberrat),"Spent 4 hours unscrewing bolts n'♥♥♥♥♥♥ I enjoyed it. Just wish I could drive in more areas, get XP faster (After 4 hours of continuous, hard grinding, I was only at 3500 XP, which is not a lot.Needs a lot more cars.Maybe needs more cables and tubes, etc.More coursesIt's 5:30 AM, so I'm just gonna stop the list their and go to sleep."
76561198064723611,Recommended,320300,18148993,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Nightingale,"Oddly Relaxing, considering that I am playing this after a 10 hour shift fixing planes"
,Recommended,320300,18155652,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,[Yee.!] Halss,"I think that 6 hours are enough for me to write this review...CMS 2015 Is a great step forwardfrom the 2014.If you like cars in overall, you will love this game.Pros and cons:+You can own cars and you can make them look as you want.+The overall look of the parts is great.+you don't need to remove the whole exhaust to replace a manifold+tablet system (you can buy the part that you want anywhere, at any time)+upgrades and upgrade points+more scanners+you can change exterior parts (even lights)!+much more parts to replace-oil drain can be sometimes hard to operate with-Too much XP needed to have something. example: 9000 XP to have parking, or 1000XP for a 1 point.i would give 9.9/10.EDIT:Well, some cons are being added.-Tons and tons of DLCs-50000$ for a parking with 2 parking spots (idk how i missed that)The rating after a little change: 8.8/10, but i would still reccomend the game, because it is not the DlcDay 2"
76561198043423183,Recommended,320300,18168506,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,primetime21,"Addictive, can't stop playing!!!"
,Recommended,320300,18174667,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Papa,This is an awesome game! I highly recommend it if you are intrested in cars!
,Recommended,320300,18209099,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Faction,"Fun, entertaining, interesing, engaging... Just a few words to describe this awesome game."
76561198048692436,Recommended,320300,18243138,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Archman,"Every now and then a perfect harmony of graphics, gameplay, and soundtrack comes together to create a very enjoyable game.....this is one of those games......nuff said! :)"
,Recommended,320300,17600008,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Roadside_Racoon,Great sim!
,Recommended,320300,17608235,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Virmil,Nearly 60 hours in this game and I just can't stop playing.
76561198133494674,Recommended,320300,17612434,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,FlashBang-Alakazam,"If anyone has ever heard of ""Street Rod"" back in the day, this took me back because i myself am a fan and pretty sure i still have a copy on a floppy disk somewhere lol.Great game and well built.A bit too grindy for me though, would be nice if races were available as a way to earn more.Character levelling takes time but worth every single points.I am not sure if they have a radio in the garage to adjust volume and/or change stations.Cheeaap DLC Prices and more are getting added i guess.Great game, definately one for the collection and well worth the price."
76561198188260531,Recommended,320300,17613631,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,joe.rowlands,great game very in depth!
76561198115998702,Recommended,320300,17633410,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,A$AP Nasty,"Well you might as well say goodbye to the rest of your life, because this game makes you want to enroll in a technical school and open your own garage after only 2 hours of playing."
,Recommended,320300,17786778,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Bastille,How About Wankle Engine (rotary engine) In Next DLC? That Will Be Great Right
,Recommended,320300,17786816,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Horizon,Parts you found online and dont work DLC?
76561198210412884,Recommended,320300,17809939,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,mountain biking pro,i love cars so i would always like this game but it is so good i have had it since 30/8/15 2 days now it is just awsome WARNING IF YOU DONT LIKE CARS DO NOT BUY if you do like cars like me buy this game  you can even buy your own cars and repair them for your self or you can sell them I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS GAME
,Recommended,320300,17976721,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,cabooskins,this game is very addicting. i love it.
,Recommended,320300,16886989,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,dasherk,"Awesome game. It won't teach you to be a mechanic - but you will tinker with the basic components of how a car works.In the game you will have to find and replace damaged parts, and as you become proficient at this you will have to start diagnosing whats broken. You can also try repairing parts to save dough. To make life easier, you will buy a variety of tools to test the car to find what's wrong, to make repairing go faster, etc.This game is a huge jump from the last version - and so if you like car games you should buy this for two reasons: a) it's a good game and b) the developers are really showing their skill and passion for this series; so they really deserve some support.+ decent graphics+ innovative gameplay+ excellent improvement over the last version+ interesting DLCs at fairly reasonable prices- sometimes confusing upgrade system- could use more cars- body work not has comphrehensive as engine and undercarriage systemstl;dr; if you have even a passing interest in cars, repairing them, etc - this is a great game."
76561198017971953,Recommended,320300,16903101,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,LegionX173,I actually like this.
,Recommended,320300,16951741,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,TonyRCameron,Fun game to learn about cars. Gives me confidence to do basic repairs on my own car.
76561198083577326,Recommended,320300,17631042,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,[DG] Dale626510,CMS15 so much better then 2014
76561198042094678,Recommended,320300,17732346,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Derrrp,"Good stuff! I am excited about this game. It looks nice, it is intuitive for the most part, and I feel like I am gaining a solid basic lesson in auto layout and design. I will be studying harder by playing this game than I did in most of my undergrad classes :(I look forward to more detailed and difficult updates."
,Recommended,320300,17732582,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,=SF=_Kosmic,Very fun games a great time killer only thing needed is a much larger car/parts/garage options
76561197993315425,Recommended,320300,17748850,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,domspun,"Pretty good game, not a full-on simulation, but decent enough. I would suggest to turn off the music, put your own soundtrack! This series look promising, if they continue to add features, it could be become a great game."
76561197968672921,Recommended,320300,17785630,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Trigger Happy,"Awesome game! Kinda slow to start but it gets better. would be awesome if it was multiplayer. you could have a friend join your garage and turn wrenches with you. or be able to hire computer employees to work on cars while your away from the computer. they could have  a certain skill level that can be lvled up the more you have them do things. would also be cool if you could manage your own garage by setting prices(if to high you wont get customers). if you made this game multiplayer it would be that much better! you could build cars and race them. if you damage your car during the race you could come back and fix it. this game is alot of fun and could have so much more potential. there could even be car shows every now and then with other players. or even sponsors?? to many ideas and now im just rambling,"
76561198074705543,Recommended,320300,17803617,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ron Burgundy?,"Fantastic game. A lot of fun to play, but it can get a little repetitive after a while. Id like to see a lot more cars added as DLC"
76561198025708404,Recommended,320300,17952670,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Orangeroadflar3,great game worth the money dlc is great also
,Recommended,320300,17976574,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Spectre,"Really fun game. A little repetetive at first, but it gets much more interesting as you start to get cars with no bad parts listed. Pretty limited supply of cars to work on especially if you're like me and only enjoy fixing up/repairing the V8's."
,Recommended,320300,18025871,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,The Crunkster_,"Great game , i was looking for something this detailed since the SLRR days , it lacks 2 things that would make the game sell LIKE HOT COCOA :1 : HORSEPOWER !!!  People would love to modify cars in this . Introduce more turbos and superchargers and ways to tweak those turbos , more boost = more fun2 : Some kind of racing .... not much but some way to push that restomod that you builtWho knows maybe the people that made this game can chill with the people from Automation and make a baby together , THAT would be awesome XD"
,Recommended,320300,18064411,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,DonnieZOMBiE,"A ton of reviews about this game tell you it doesnt help you learn about cars, and though its not the same as under the hood experiance, before I played this game the most I knew about cars was how to pen the door, start the car and drive, with the amzing ability to turn on the winshield wipers and blast music. This game taught me a ton about under the hood andbody work. Now I don't feel like such an idiot when the guys and girls I know lift the hood and start their car talk. that added with the fact that its simple and at times fast to work through a car, and the variety that comes with DLC make for an interesting and informitive game. No, you might not be able to build a car from the shell after playing this, but you will certainly feel like you can, and that's something a lot of games wont do. It's awesome and unique and I don't see myself getting tired of it any time soon. There are a few minor things that personally would make trhe game better, but its a great experiance regaurdless and I would definitely reccomend this to people."
76561198127474486,Recommended,320300,18083979,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,LightFootLee,"I love this game. In the begining it can get repetative; but it's completely worth it to be able to restore your own cars from the body up; just so satisfying.  Having said that I should tell you that I am in no way a gear head; I only have...had a mild intrest in cars, but I do love to figure out how things work and this game fulfills beautifully.  I Recommend for anyone who likes cars as well as people like me who just like to take stuff apart to see how it works."
76561198142691635,Recommended,320300,18087409,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,the_aviator2,"Great mechanics (pun intended), Best waste of time out there 92/100"
76561198114250423,Recommended,320300,18146615,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,dwayne3406,Love it!
,Recommended,320300,16933661,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Gaminguru,"GREAT CAR GAME! The graphics are amazing and the music is perfect! To be honest, the music actually surprised me how good it was! Highly recommend this game to car nuts and gear heads alike. Negatives are few, but ever present. There could be some more individuality between engine types, maybe add in the engine running sounds and a dyno test. But still, a VERY solid game and hugely entertaining. KUDOS to the developers and keep the greatness coming!"
76561198073511721,Recommended,320300,17145822,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,LolaAnderson83,"The title says it all: this is a simulation of being a car mechanic. Well, that's actually not true. As a ""simulation"" of being a car mechanic, it's terrible: cars and their respective parts are massively simplified from reality, and the entire process of fixing a car is also quite simple and extremely fast. Most ""simulators"" are guilty of this as well, so it's far from a unique issue. BUT, as a puzzle game involving cars, it's lovely. In short, think of this as a normal game and not as a simulator.The obvious comparison is to Car Mechamic Simulator 2014, and 2015 is a substantial improvement. I didn't notice any bugs in either game and performance seems to have improved a bit too but I have no hard evidence to support that. The controls are, IMO, the biggest improvement. I thought they were fine in 2014 but 2015 is much more intuitive and really highlights the flaws with 2014; I'm not sure how to get more specific, just that 2014 now controls a bit ""awkward"" to me. Graphics are not cutting edge but do look very nice, so no complaints there. I love the ability to restore cars, I get quite a lot of satisfaction from it, for some reason. The basic gameplay mechanic is the same between both games: removing/replacing bolts and removing/replacing parts. Simple in concept, but surprisingly fun and also quite relaxing in a way. If you played 2014 and enjoyed that, then you'll love 2015.Now for the minuses. The camera is a bit weird. It's far from the worst I've dealt with but it's not great either. It can be a bit tricky to aim on certain parts, especially the driveshaft; I'd say it's solidly midpack overall. While I generally think the soundtrack is quite good, it could be more varied and if you don't like EDM, then you'll hate it. The store front for buying new parts is just a massive list of all the parts, with no way to sort between different ones; a method to search through them would be great. At least you can sort parts in your inventory by arrival and condition, as well as search by name for them. Draining oil took a coupe of tries to do properly because I couldn't aim the drain under the lift and the plug is small, but that's likely just operator error (read: entriely my own fault.) Load times are also quite long. They aren't unbearable but can take several minutes to load at worst (when trying to load the Parking section and you have numerous cars stored); hopefully this gets fixed in future updates. All this are fairly nitpicky and I can easily look past them. No game is flawless, afterall.Overall, if the idea of working on a virtual car sound appealing, give this game a try. If you don't like it (and you'll find out pretty quickly if this is for you or not), thank God that Steam refunds are a thing. Like Farming Simulator 2015, this is a simulation game that doesn't suck and offers some nice gameplay...even if it truly isn't a simulator."
76561198093593574,Recommended,320300,17187470,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,HotTamatoes,I recommend this game for anyone trying to learn where and what things are in your car. Amazing game and a lot of great fun.
76561197973199283,Recommended,320300,17262057,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,conspira,"First time for me with Car Mechanic Simulator, didn't try the 2014.Very fun game and addictive. Got me a shoulder injury.But, not very challenging and not very long until the game gets repetative.We shouldn't have to pay for those DLC's because they are that should be included into the game already.There's also a whole lot that the game could include (modifications, customization, improved trading and auctions, second hand parts etc.), but maybe in the future?Great game all in all and much fun."
76561198153630316,Recommended,320300,17922276,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,TamaskaSilverfang,this game is so entertaining 9/10 stars
76561198194183125,Recommended,320300,18101921,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,preatorian,Nice! Not played 2014 but liking this one.
,Recommended,320300,19451329,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,FRS,"What to say, what to say.I'll start off by saying that I love cars. I love racing games and I love my own car. I have owned a small array of cars starting with a 1976 Camaro RS to my current, and more fuel efficient lol, Scion tC. But man, do I miss that Camaro... Good times.Anywho. I have always enjoyed working on my cars and have had the pleasure of doing some large projects with friends and family on other cars. This game is almost as fun as that. It's a lot simpler and all you have to do is click to get those rusted bolts off, rather having to sit there for hours spraying WD-40 and hoping your breaker bar doesnt snap and break your fingers. It's a great game to play and pass the time. If you know your way around a car well, you might come  across some areas where you're just like ""what. that doesn't make sense,"" and this happens because this is a simulation close to the real thing, but there are easily errors.If you know nothing about working on a car and hope to learn from this, it may be some help to you. It is a great start in learning what everything does and where things go, but the systems in this game are not universal and cannot be directly applied to cars in the real world. Maybe with the upcoming REAL CAR DLC we will see some better representations of real cars and their powertrain, but otherwise, not really.In the end this is still a very fun game to pass the time and possibily get you addicted. Bear in mind that things move slow. You gotta work a lot to get XP and all sorts of other cool stuff, which is great because you won't get bored super easily which means you'll be playing this game for hours. Maybe they'll even com up with some sort of multiplayer DLC to race your cars against eachother or to see who can better diagnose and fix a vehicle.Anyways, get this game. It's awesome. Esepecially if you can find the sale. 11 bucks for the whole thing! hell yeah!"
76561197998638763,Recommended,320300,31715077,Posted: 12 May,all,Longpath,"Car mechanic simulator can have you investing a large amount of time into the initial 9k xp grind. This however (though it may be too long) teaches you and manages your satisfaction until you can own your own cars. The game lacks in endgame, things like pricing, auction system, sourcing parts etc. It should be harder to get a 'car' that is has value like in real life, the game should also have an auction system for parts and those parts should have supply vs demand algorithms.This game has amazing potential."
,Recommended,320300,24444927,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,England is my Tities,"Its fun but repetitive,Would be way more playable if add free mode where you can just switch parts as you like.I guess in long term it could be a good game, but its just such a bummer that I spent my entire first hour repairing only two makes of cars in a very similar manner."
76561198148232945,Recommended,320300,24450246,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,AGT_MichaelScarn,"Lightyears ahead of 2014. So much more polished, streamlined and enjoyable.EDIT: I'm now 70+ hours in. Good God where does the time go?"
,Recommended,320300,24438303,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Vante,"I wanted to learn more about cars in a fun way. This game does that.I like doing things myself, and learning how things work. I change my own oil and brakes, but looking at the car all the parts were just a mass of inscrutable metal shapes. After playing this game for some hours, I suddenly saw all the parts for what they are. Running Gear. Sway bar. Tie Rod. Tie Rod End. Strut. Coil Spring. There are individual parts, and they have names and purposes.ConsThere are very few interesting decisions in this game.  There's no strategy elements like managing prices or over/under charging, no honesty level, no sales or marketing or competing with other mechanics. The process of repairing cars never changes. There end game is buying cars from the auction, repairing, them then selling or keeping them. Load times are awful for what the game is. The upgrades are boring. The UI when selecting parts can be finicky.I feel like it was a real lost opportunity that the game doesn't offer information about each part. I know I can go hit Wikipedia, but it'd add so much to my experience if I could just right click the timing belt and learn it's function, maybe origin and evolution. What is the difference between a carburetor and fuel injection? Why did older cars have a middle muffler? This would add a lot of resource to the game.ProsIf you're looking for car knowledge, this is 1000x more interesting than reading a website or book about cars.It doesn't turn you into a mechanic, but takes the mystery of automobiles and brings them into the realm of the knowable.Your fingernails aren't black for days after."
76561198228854648,Recommended,320300,34908087,Posted: 12 September,all,jimmy792,"Fine game, i know a bit about cars and this game seems to portrait all of it. you will definetly will learn something about cars, should pick up for 2 bucks."
,Recommended,320300,29280056,Posted: 15 January,all,KobY,"Building German Whips, game is okay, it might take some time to get bored as you will have things like upgrades, for example bigger chance of reparing a broken item, a tablet for easy access, editing your garage, buying broken down cars and referbushing them to make them into sick whips so the roadmen can drive them side to side like me on the CR. Wid da sick muscle car you can get some good wheelies like Charlie the fat plum on the YZ, get me fam? alright the game has some bare cars, with DLC's its even better, still havent got to test them all since im poor and live in Diggy but hoping to get them since they go cheap on sale, just a shame you cant find it in British Heart foundation.Also RIP Toms grandad, true manny on the map 0161."
,Recommended,320300,16050705,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,CoolCloudGaming,This is a great fun game but i would like to see a use to the twin carb and the other parts that cant be used
76561198203729019,Recommended,320300,28520951,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nanox930,"I love this game and the person that got me into this game was TheDevilDogGamer and he has done vids on these and makes them look entertaining and honestly doesn't even advertise the games he plays! :) So to those that read this comment, go check out TheDevilDogGamers channel and subscribe to him and watch his car mechanic simulator vids."
,Recommended,320300,23021566,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ItsMushu ツ,I r8 8/8 m8
76561198107131724,Recommended,320300,20718795,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Robbo,Great game
76561198059593096,Recommended,320300,28951993,Posted: 2 January,all,Jaek,"Pros:+ Fun to repair cars without being too hard/easy+ Can buy cars to restore/mod as well as being able to take jobs+ It will increase your knowledge about cars if you don't know that much+ Not very repetitive+ Good value for moneyCons:- Some of the DLC should be in the base game, but this is OK if DLC is on sale- Car interiors could be more detailed- Not 100% accuracy with parts, but this won't be a problem for anyone who isn't actually a mechanicVerdict:I would recommend this game to anyone interested in cars, but maybe wait for a steam sale to buy the DLC."
76561198015566763,Recommended,320300,15665415,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Buck,"Really fun game, hope they open up more options, like customizations.  Frustrating part is the auction house, the auto bidding just runs prices through the roof, gets ridiculous most of the time.Worth playing for sure."
,Recommended,320300,15661215,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ky,must have
,Recommended,320300,30133807,Posted: 23 February,all,GamingSP,Awesome game highly recommend for anyone who wants to work on cars or works on them in real life looking for a game to work on cars. awesome job to makers of this game.
76561198304386685,Recommended,320300,30171452,Posted: 25 February,all,Tinky Winky,best mechanic game ever made <3 love it
76561198167509511,Recommended,320300,26086820,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Carrera-boy upgradecsgo.com,great game if interested in cars or even if you want to learn a little about them.
,Recommended,320300,32866712,Posted: 27 June,all,maffo95,just here to get my summer sticker
76561198021645595,Recommended,320300,30071310,Posted: 20 February,all,[FURHQ] Ryanny Dragonwolf,great game i use to do this for a living and they have done a good job on how you take the cars apart
76561198084410507,Recommended,320300,30085942,Posted: 21 February,all,BOT Minor,<3 best game played in a long time <3
76561198156110604,Recommended,320300,33652621,Posted: 19 July,all,BiasedMeme,"Game is great fun. I love it personally. Knowing a good bit about cars can help. But trust me, it's fun.'Fu*k I bought the wrong part'/10."
76561198101379196,Recommended,320300,15618477,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,SlyOutlawYeti,"The game is pretty sweet. I have spent 30+ hours on it and still haven't gotten tired of it. One cool thing to add may be an Engine Hoist and Engine Build Stand to allow for out of car builds and placements. Also color customization for more parts ie: Rims, Tinted windows, Brake Calipers, Grilles, Engine Covers, along with other things. I know its a mechanic sim but mechanic Customization sim?? May add some more variation. Also the 1/4 mile track and tuning would be cool to bring back. Over all, GREAT GAME!"
,Recommended,320300,15671639,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mr_XR6,"I love cars. I love working on cars. This game is a lot of fun for anyone that is like minded. There are sooo many things that I would love to see intergrated, like a multiplayer option so that me and a buddy can repair cars together and upgrade our garage with the profits, I think that would be a lot of fun :) Also the option to transplant motors from other vehicles would be awesome and a lot of fun. Also performance upgrades would be pretty cool.Over all I give this game a solid 9/10! There are only a couple of little bugs that I have seen since the alpha release and I am glad that a lot of them have already been ironed out :) I look forward to many cool and new ideas and innovations to be rolled out in future updates and DLC'sHighly recommended!"
76561198045417514,Recommended,320300,15545852,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,sep_79,"All this game needs is a open world and street racing for money and pink slips, then it's the next gen street legal redline.Really enjoy it, much improvement from the 2014 version.Already looking forward to the 2016 and of course mods for the game."
76561198005056774,Recommended,320300,15545981,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,GamerDad,Being one who had purchased Car Mechanic 2014 and felt like i had wasted my money.  I was highly skeptical about the 2015 version.   After doing a lot of reading of reviews and such i took the plunge and went ahead and purchased 2015.  I gotta say I am quite happy I did.  Love the changes made to the game.   My only complaint would be lack of cars.  Hoping in the future that will be changed with DLC as well as mods.  But overall I am loving it.  I would would have to say this is a must have for anyone who enjoyed games like Gearhead Garage one of my all time favs.
,Recommended,320300,15574451,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,"Bane, His Holyness","Great game informative and not too difficult once you get the swing of things,kinda unrealistic being as there isnt even an engine hoist used when you can take apart the whole engine. with mods allowing possible 1:1 car replication has possibillity of happening as the current models are fake and it kind of distracts from the experience."
76561197978179782,Recommended,320300,15609873,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Stevo,Extremely satisfying game. Nice way to unwide and tinker with some cars
76561198128154941,Recommended,320300,15616190,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,irontroll666,this isnt much of a simulator because it takes 1-2 seconds to take the brakes off in reality if the car your working n has been used at all they take upto 1hr to take an bolt off but for being a game to fill in the time its brilliant the graphics are very good and the whole system like building your own garage up (kind of) is good but the xp system is annoying af because ive played arund 8hrs and theres still a lot of stuff that i carnt unlock because of xp like most of the jobs are locked even though they should be easy like replace the filters or somthing but on a different car that you wont get to work on for 20ish hrs of straight gaming. but if your looking to learn a bit about mechanics on cars this is a reat game for not getting your hands dirty but if your looking for a simulator just go down to your locle garage and ask for a job.
76561198046374611,Recommended,320300,15636619,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,jadden7465,Hey love this because all the parts and the coming cars to be. I hope they wood make other Machanic sumulator just like this one My Ideal of a Machanic sim wood be tanks and plans of WW2 But I guess you cant have it all.
,Recommended,320300,15647810,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Ravige,This game is awsome iv played over 5 houres already and i only have one problem. Im finding that you need to grind to get any  where i would like a mode where  can do everything without needing to unlock becuase the main reason i moved to this game from the older game is the car restoration.
76561198120187325,Recommended,320300,15650058,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,truckermat,"game is the best really good if you liked car simulator 2014. new items such as classic cars. painting store, car park, auction house (which you have to unlock car park first and even after 14 hours i still have nut unlcoked it. as is takes 9000 xp), you can complete body work repairs and you can now decorate your garage."
76561198059326630,Recommended,320300,15695363,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,GibboAu85,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 is a solid improvement over 2014.  The amount of destructable parts you have is much better than before.  I like that you can now restore cars and work on their bodywork too.  The possibility of DLC should keep the game fresh with new challenges and vehicles unlike 2014 where once you have taken apart a v6 that was really it, game mastered time to move on.  I would recommend this game to people who are curious to see how cars fit together (all be it in a very simplified fashion).   However there are some drawbacks which I hope they iron out soon.1.  The music is annoying and repetitive, please add more stations and the ability to play my mp3s.2.  Colouring things rusty to indicate their condition really gives the game away.  I rarely need to use diagnostic equipement or test drives to isolate the problem.  Also, please stop giving me a list of things I need to replace, this compounds the issue. The whole point of the game to test my diagnostic skills and therefore the xp I get at the end of each job.3.   Using xp to unlock the ad-ons to your workshop like parking, paint booth and test path is stupid.  These should only be based on cash.  The whole xp to unlock thing puts the new car restoration part of game out of reach until the very end (9000xp = 100+ jobs) as you need to unlock the garage parking in order to visit the auctions.  I want to be able to buy a car and work on it slowely as money, skill and ad-ons allow.4.  Turning down jobs/doing a poor doesn't have consequences (except some xp)?!? are you kidding me? Customer rep needs to play a greater part.  As I recall there were repeat customers in CM2014 if my memory serves me correctly.5.  Tutorial needs to be bigger.  This is the part of the game where you give me a list of things that are wrong.  Also, put it outside the campaign.  If people are still struggling to to find things in the campaign perhaps introduce Workshop manuals that can be bought via the PC or Tablet???Well thats enough of the negatives, all in all I still enjoy the game and for only $20 I really think you cant go wrong.  It is different and thats why I like it.  I think the community and the developers will inmprove this game as times goes on.  Get on it."
76561197964838671,Recommended,320300,18139533,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,4lm0st*QC*,if you are a fan of mechanic and wanna kind of learn engine its for you
76561198023690059,Recommended,320300,15546249,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Vagasil Overdose,"Getting Closer to that Gear Head Garage feel.  I can only see this title getting better with each version.  A few small bugs I've noticed that I'm sure will be patched soon, but Overall I am enjoying this game."
,Recommended,320300,15547233,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,JoystickBluez,Car mechanic simulator is the best car repair game on steam! The game is very in depth and contains alot of content for the price. You will lose track of time when you get into this game.
76561198030939607,Recommended,320300,15547589,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,FlamingoVince,"I played CMS 2014, and it missed features and was way too easy.CMS 2015 is what i was waiting for, i'll be honest in this review.being a car enthusiast, i think CMS 2015 is great, for someone who enjoys cars and likes tycoon games, this is perfect.but, for someone that has a certain knowledge in cars and mechanics, this is somewhat easy.i think that they should add in CMS 2016 or hopefully in a update, difficulty levels. and more complicated problems, (Gaskets, Valves, and actual breaks, or option to disable the way that the parts look rusty depending  the life% of the part.Graphics Quality is great for the pricebut yes, you should buy this game. it is enjoyable. Buy parts, repair, collect.  and i'm not there yet, but body fixing is also a great idea. like buying used cars, fixing them and re-sell them. great idea!Will buy the 2016. especially for that price. cheap/good/fun/"
,Recommended,320300,15551541,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Noblesdown,"I know nothing about cars other than my general knowledge of mechanical engineering. Cars were never an interest to me, and if something is wrong with my car, I always take it to someone to fix- never would I do it myself. Not even an oil change.That introduction aside, I LOVE this game. Even without that real-world interest level, this game is polished, sharp, and always has you eyeing goals in the future without holding your hand.  How rewarding it was when I was first repairing some more difficult issues, and without knowing where some parts were located, stripped down the entire engine of a car looking for those parts only to have to reassemble the whole thing- and get it right! It really is a great balance between simulating the work of a mechanic and gamifying it so that it's not quite so world-dreary and labor intensive.I am quickly banking cash and gaining experience with excitement, as soon in game I'll be able to buy a beat-up car at auction and fix it up to resell for huge profit as a side project in my garage.If you don't know cars, but enjoy simulations, progress, and have a bit of a mechanical-puzzle oriented mind, this is a very, very well done game and I highly recommend it. I may not be a mechanic after this, but at least my eyes won't cross in ignorance when someone says ""catalytic converter"" to me at the garage.Side note: I love the music in this game too. A great mix for working away at the cars in game."
76561198007761167,Recommended,320300,15573966,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,geozero,"Absolutely love the game.  Addictive.  My kids love it also, and even they can now figure out how to change brakes or do other repairs.  Only wish the save game feature was different.  I accidently started a new game instead of clicking continue and lost my progress.  Please fix that."
76561198118339504,Recommended,320300,15608930,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,delusionn,"very nice game, i love it, usually i don't like this type of games, but this one it's very clean, graphics are ok and is cheap too <3"
76561198138168641,Recommended,320300,15644508,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,CaligoNight,"pros: great learning curvehad no basic of understanding cars and i learned really quicklycons: no way to have your friend help you.. lawl.. needs multiplayer aspects to speed up the game add a bit of fun to it...no sprintingthat's about it, again.. it's not bad, but it does get tedius and i'd love to have my friend come and play with me so it's not too boring after a while, maybe have some sort of garage thing where you can own the business  together or something idk.. just ideas"
76561198112169334,Recommended,320300,15551357,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,garrickc45,think this needs more cars and more customs for each car ex dodge hood with hole for motor to look like a F&F car  and a way to buy brand new cars then tune and race also think this would be a cool multiplayer car building game like you and your friends working on cars this is overall a beaufull and awesome game if your into cars or wanna see how an engine looks tone apart 9/10 only bc i own every car and cant tune or costom them so for a 10/10 add more cars and more costoms
76561198063234908,Recommended,320300,15569646,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,The Sheriff of Paddy's,"Smooth, addictive, and fun. If you have an interest in cars and are looking for something to embrace your inner grease monkey, this game is it. The developers defintely did a good job here. I was skeptical at first when I was thinking of buying it, but now I am glad I took that risk. I spent 5 straight hours just zoned in on this game and I see myself playing it much more.It is definitely worth the purchase."
76561197991911149,Recommended,320300,15571505,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Chevypp,"When to try the game out, then 3 hours went byGreat game, inspires you to work on your own car"
76561197989707295,Recommended,320300,15574729,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Pikerzoli,"I got last years game and decided to buy the 2015 version straight away. It's a good game!. Sometime a job will come along in the game and your be taking a lot of the car apart just to find that one faulty part. A basic knowlegde of cars is needed but you will learn fairly quickly about how to take the parts on and off and in what order.  Everything in the game is very decent or better, the sound. the graphics, the gameplay and so far I haven't come across any bugs. There's quite a few extra 'help' in the game like the OBD scanner or a test brake/suspension place in your garage but they cost one experience upgrade which is 1,000 XP in the game, It takes quiet a while to level up, so there's no way your get everything without some hours put in. My biggest problem with the game is the repairs list. You can only see what you need to replace on a list while near the car, once you go to the computer to buy new parts that list is gone. It can be very annoying traveling back and forth to the car to see what you need or you have forgotten. I do know once you unlock repair the items on a bench yourself, you won't need the list as much but I feel the repair list should always be available by pressing O, no matter where you are. Overall i'd give this game a 8/10."
76561198174560567,Recommended,320300,15611167,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,mudkiller,"Nice game to pick up and play in short bursts. not to complex, but not dumbed down. nice level of detail. hope they add the abillity to customise your own cars alittle. overall 9/10"
76561197979145759,Recommended,320300,15616177,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Lemming,"I'm having a lot of fun playing this game. I've never really known much about cars, and if this is anywhere close to how cars are linked inside themselves, then it is absolutely fascinating.This game gives me a drive to go tinker with my own vehicles, and that's more than can be said about most games."
,Recommended,320300,15622662,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,lazermike20,I love the game but I just was wondering if you're going to have the capability of putting different engines in different cars for example new school engine in a old school car
76561198038941395,Recommended,320300,15637254,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,medwyn,"Incredibly fun game providing a good load of knowledge about car mechanics - instant fav!I remember playing Street Rod on C64 a long time ago where I could tinker around the car in a very limited way and I loved it.I'm interested in classic cars (now we have the second classic in my family) and that involves lots of real life mechanical repairs and/or adjustments which made me really curious about how to deal with certain mechanical problems.I'm extremely happy to have this game and getting a better overall view of the whole picture through it.Now it' much easier for me to approach towards any upcoming problmes of my classic :)CMS 2015 is literally an interactive learning material combined with game elements.Great thing, don't miss it!Update:I got my first complete restoration finished: a ""Bolt Reptilia"" (which is a Corvette literally) - it was a frenetic experience. Taking it apart bit by bit, remove every single part possible and rebuild it to a shiny 100% condition is just like a pilgrimage. The chrome is fantasic under the hood! And also I guess this is how far the game can go really but repeating this over and over again is a joy."
76561198193748043,Recommended,320300,15637788,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,iUnleaded,"(My english not very good)This game is worth for me to learning to repair a cars, it can be chance to improve on your college if you are doing Motor Vehicle course.Problems:Air intake pipe is missing. (Non Turbo and Turbo)No intercooler...? (For turbo car)Starter motors should be remove under car not engine bay."
76561198160796230,Recommended,320300,15643963,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,killermalibu,"Cool game and all, but it takes FOREVER to gain the 9000XP required to buy the parking, which allows yopu to be able to buy your own ride to toy with. That aside, I do really enjoy the game. I'm just looking forward to doing more than just another brake repair or piston swap on other peoples junk. All this money and no place to spend it yet!"
76561198012815385,Recommended,320300,15649984,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,neededlotus5,"game is a major improvement over the 2014 version and educational as well as fun because of this game i now have a fundamental knowledge of brake repairs and steering control errors. i have always thought about trying to become a certified mechanic but sadly  never went through with it,only problem i am  having is where you have to find the broken parts when it says to find and fix all engine errors and i have totally removed the engine and it says there are still unidentified parts in the engine section of the repair order,overall however yes i would recommend the game to anyone curious about basic inner workings of automobiles or maybe shadetree mechanics (do it yourself mechanics) it  will not make you a mechanic because it clearly says every car is different but still gives you a basic idea. worth the 20$"
76561198001975056,Recommended,320300,15670166,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Wolf-of-War,"Being a bit of a greese monkey myself this game is brilliant!Also a good game if you are just wanting to know more how cars work.The engine / suspension detail in this game if pretty accurate to the real thing.Having striped a small block 350 chevy engine myself I can honestly say this game has nailed it in terms of the processes you have to go through to rebuild an engine.The only thing it is missing is the - Cursing at stripped and rounded bolts, Being covered head to toe in oil and other crap, The yelling at sezied parts And the luanching of tools after hours of frustraion! hahahaOther than that 10/10 love it.I can't wait for extra dlc's with more cars variants and more complex engines v10's / v12's / flat fours and six's / inline six's *possibilities are endless*"
,Recommended,320300,15679438,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Seaweed,The phone calls are the reason my shop is covered blood and oil.
,Recommended,320300,15679457,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Simonator,Love the car auctions :D
,Recommended,320300,16961963,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,mrkennystudios4,This game is amazing. I have nothing to complain about it.I rate this game a 10/10.
76561198113929845,Recommended,320300,17608854,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ozzy Osbourne,This is a very very realistic game and dont let anybody tell you that its not yeah its a bit different fixing it in real life but still.
76561197985041772,Recommended,320300,15528124,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Scarecrow,"Total overhaul over the 2014 game. A LOT more parts and features. Game is polished, and optimized perfectly. Menus and gameplay is very smooth and I have yet to find any bugs or experience any crashes. There is a lot more progession in this game compared to 2014. Don't expect to get unlock all the features of your garage in 30 minutes. At the time of writing this I'm about 6 hours in and just unlocked the path test."
76561198076878579,Recommended,320300,15613408,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TopechkaR,"Being early in the release of the game and with dlc on the way, this game has impressed me and got me hooked, waiting for more...The detail of the cars is amazing, and while I thought it would be boring, I found myself hooked playing it for the last 4 days.  Troubleshooting and repairing vehicles is recreated in this game, however to a slightly limited scale.If I had to nit pick problems with their product here, it would be only that it is too basic. The idea that you canrebuild a car with a ratchet and socket is unrealistic, and I would like it if they added usable hand and power tools in the future. First and foremost in my mind should be a torque wrench, where you have to look up torque specs and sequence (could be done using the computer?) and having to set the torque value on the wrench and torque in sequence. welders and paint guns could also be neat to use when doing body work or painting. I think automatic transmissions would also be a must add.Im sure some of these features will come in time, but as of right now, im fairly pleased with the game. Id recommend it to any car guy or gear head in an instant."
76561198053165217,Recommended,320300,15619476,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,dave.mozi,Great Game..Even my 11yr old & 7 Yr old love it.Changes I'd like...Ability to paint indervidual panels & some engine parts..repaired/brought panels arrive greyAbility to upgrade engine parts..ie Single carb to Duel Carb. Low Rise to High Rise manifoldDLC I'd pay for...Drag Racing :) and AI compeditors cars repair/upgrade
,Recommended,320300,15648584,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,EpicPig,Awesome game if your looking to mess around with cars and learn a little bit too.
76561198005552322,Recommended,320300,30419719,Posted: 9 March,all,Liquid_Chaos7,"As a car modder myself,  it's a fun game to play. Well it won't make you an expert mechanic, it can help you learn the basics. The game can get repetitive, but the DLC's have been a good refresher and I'm enjoying the last Total Modificiations with drag cars, slammed cars and engine swaps. It keeps me coming back to play more. This is definitely a step up from the 2014 version."
,Recommended,320300,22897905,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,doghound,"I really recommend this game. You can fix cars (obviously), you can buy cars at auction, restore cars you bought at auction, sell or collect cars you fixed after buying from auction and you can drive them too! How cool!There's lots of parts to rip out of your clients cars and put back in. I also like the decent amount of DLC that's coming our way lately. DLC is a must to make game more fun though.PS. I really hope for a multiplayer in some way at some point. :)"
76561198174958471,Recommended,320300,28395330,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,samsharma22,its a really good gamelove it
,Not Recommended,320300,23121848,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Doctor Bunsen-Burner,"Tedious and boring. Might be more fun once you grind your way to upper levels and more to do, but after 38 hours I'm still swapping parts on the same 3 car models. I have no idea how this maintains a ""Very Positive"" rating, and it makes me question the sanity of everyone who has given this game a thumbs up."
76561198056312309,Recommended,320300,28978697,Posted: 3 January,all,.logic,Excellent game! The DLC add alot of content and they're not as expensive as other games. Really nice graphics aswell.
76561198093972168,Recommended,320300,32769140,Posted: 25 June,all,MY_TYB,quite worth for the value. (when discount)
76561198042306265,Recommended,320300,22977153,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Däyum,"With only 15 hours on record as of 5/14/16, this game is pretty cool,I havent done a job in this game yet, ive been going to the auction house and buying cars then restoring them.Ideas for the game:Being able to start car in the garage.Being able to do burnouts without having the car to move.More parts in the Performance Shop (Steering, Wheels.)Being able to work on trucks and have special parts for then (E.G Mudflaps, Stoneguard).Longer Drag Strip (10 MILE PLEASE!!!)A whole street with moving cars to do burnouts on.More slots in the garageCustom NumberplatesNOS PLEASE"
76561197986713962,Not Recommended,320300,30234565,Posted: 27 February,all,Freddy (no sound),"Build some cool looking cars, but it gets repeditive soon can't really do much with cars you build, buy, strip build sell.. done.. I don't this it is worth the money would not recomand.."
,Recommended,320300,34222863,Posted: 13 August,all,rat malone,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 (CMS 15) is exactly what is sounds like: a car mechanic simulator. The player takes the role of a mechanic in your very own garage. As you build up a good reputation and learn more, you get to work on harder, more complex vehicles. You are given hints early on to help you determine exactly what parts to fix or replace, but soon those nice yellow outlines will disappear, and you're on your own. Cars get nicer, and so do your payouts.Car Mechanic Sim is all I hoped it to be. I wanted to learn more about how cars come together, and it did the job perfectly for me. While it's not completley accurate simulation, the game does a good job of giving you the basics of how a car works. Before playing CMS15, I wouldn't have known how suspension even works in cars. I really like working on older cars, such as muscle cars and other little classic cars, because of how different they are from modern designs, especially the engines and the suspension setups.ProsGood basic learning toolLots of inexpensive DLCs to expand the gameplay (licensed brands, tuning options)Good array of cars parodied from real-world vehicles.ConsNot a full car simulation! It's a mechanic sim!Gets progressively more difficult (could be interpreted either way really, just putting it in the cons because it has more weight as a con)The gameplay is a bit repetitive after a while. You may like to try the challenge mode to mix things up a bit!Final Thoughts:CMS is a good way to pass time and learn something while doing it!Rating: 420/10"
,Recommended,320300,32863211,Posted: 27 June,all,Wolfie,I only filled this out for stickers.
,Recommended,320300,30102666,Posted: 22 February,all,Space Pirate Ninja,"Not accurate and too easy.This game seems to be aimed at people how dont know anything about cars, the type of people who wouldn't play this.this game is lacking many features, there is no wiring, no abs sensors, the engine bays are pretty much empty, no wipers or wiper moters, no interior lights, no exterior light bulbs, no fuses, no airbags or other SRS systems, no MULTI-METER no oscilloscope you can only use 2-post ramps, and you cannot open the gear box to work on the transmission you just have to replace the whole unit, same goes for all other parts they cannot be taken apart, there are many other things missing but it would take me all day to list them.BUT, for somone who wants a basic game its not bad, the graphics are pretty decent but the gameplay is lacking and I hope that a new verson of this game comes out where all the parts are present and where you can strip parts to work on them. Bare in mind I played on the harder mode the game offers so I'm going to imagine that the easy mode holds your hand.But I'm still recomending the game as it's clearly intended for children who would be overwelmed by too many parts."
,Recommended,320300,16637949,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Noah,"It's even more realistic than Car Mechanic Simulator 2014. There's no hand-holding, but that said... it's FUN! Yes, you may have to do a Google search for a part here or there on your first few jobs, but it's an excellent learning tool to develop a basic understanding of critical car components.The controls are incredibly intelligent and easy, and the ability to buy upgrades every 1,000xp is an excellent addition.I really hope they do a Car Mechanic Simulator 2016, and I hope they go even deeper than before.This is one of the most rewarding games I have ever played."
,Recommended,320300,16319939,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,notmystyle22,"This is a FANTASTIC follow-up of CMS 2014! I'm proud to see these devs were able to make the quota on KickStart! Awesome job, guys! Anyways, like any game in production it has its pros and it has its cons, but the negatives are miniscule, but can add to some frustration after a case of beer and lack of sleep.Here's my honest opinion:Pros:Great PlayabilityGreat DetailBeautiful GraphicsPaint Shop with Custom ColorsAUCTIONS!!!!!Multiple Jobs (3 to ~4) at onceTool UpgradesShop UpgradesFun Test TrackNew CarsGreater Variety of Carsdid I say AUCTIONS?!?!!!!!!!!(and also restorations)Cons:Limited Customizationrims, engine upgrades/swaps, interior are all unavailable as of this review. I was looking forward to being able to soupup a sweet ride, maybe slap a v8 in a little eco-car or twin-turbo a 'Mustang', but I'm optimistic that some of thesewill be factored in, in the future.Camerait's a bit wonky at times. It's nice, during certain circumstances it works, but the automatic zoom and movement getsfrustrating at times. It is somewhat customizable, but still can become frustrating.Inventoryorganization is mostly irrelevant. You can search between catagories (engine, drivetrain, suspension), which isconvenient, but one thing I was expecting to be implimented: vehicle catagories. Every time you go to a parts store,you're required to inform the make/model/year, etc. If i had the ability to catagorize my inventory based on thespecific vehicle/engine type or based on the job, that would be significantly better. I can't tell you how many timesI've bought parts, tried to clear out my sh**-list parts, and ended up selling my recently purchased replacements.Limited SoundtrackI will admit that some of the music is half-way decent and that it is a nice change from CMS 2014, however the list ofsongs is quite short and they're all some form of a technoish sort. It's not a big fault of the game (being that you cansimply walk over to the radio and turn it off) but I, personally, would like to see some little-known artists of allvarieties of genres, not just Techno. (Rock, Hip-Hop, Country, etc.) When I'm in my irl personal garage, I have myselect types of music based on a variety of factors and situations and mood. That's part of what drives me to stick ona job. It may be a miniscule fator to some, but in my experience, music really has an effect on whatever task orduty is at hand.Altogether, this game is FUN! If you like cars, tearing them apart, or just want to gain a general knowledge on what they're made of, try this game out! It's quite enjoyable and will keep you planted in front of your monitor for hours, driving you to add just one more job, make just another couple extra bucks for that sweet restoration you just spent half your wages on at the local auction house. I love this game, I love the whole concept of a virtual garage (mostly because I can't break anything when i throw a ratchet across the shop).Thanks for reading! Hope it helps!P.S.Buy it.P.S.S.Your wife should be used to you splurging on ""unnessecary"" purchases by now if you're really a car guy."
76561198024490387,Recommended,320300,15557277,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Jimmy :D,good game but could do with a long road to drive on
76561198097804575,Recommended,320300,33211736,Posted: 3 July,all,Kev,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,320300,33132320,Posted: 2 July,all,thomatoes50 (PORTY),The game always feels like it's not finished.Some features will be added on the 2018 version so i guess it's buy the new version every 2year.DLC are not that good and now i don't have the parts to repair my car (mercedes DLC)The dev/publisher just droped support for this version i think to make more money on the next IPThank you very much!
76561198011984060,Recommended,320300,16638560,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,man eating fruit salad,"This is a fantastic game. If you like to work on cars.If you played car mechanic sim 2014, you know what you're in for, but now engines are detailed. Pistons, Crankshafts, Pushrods, Camshafts, all can now be disassembled. There's also bodywork that can be fixed, more engine configurations, This is essentially a direct upgrade of 2014. There's now an auction mode, and the devs have been stedialy releasing content as the game goes along.The only negative is you still can't rotate the camera on an axis.If you like working on cars, This game is worth a buy."
,Recommended,320300,15601085,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,GottaGoFast,so much fun if you love to solve the car problem.keep work on any progress in the future. :)
76561198236491650,Recommended,320300,23383352,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Amadeus,"You should add some achievements, there would be more to go after :)"
76561198001736570,Recommended,320300,23809333,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mattser,"Spent 14 hours taking off tires, still wouldn't know how to change my own tire in real life. 10/10 will be a useless driver for the rest of my life"
,Not Recommended,320300,30238396,Posted: 28 February,all,ch1ll,"It's fun to hear the problem of the car (""rattling noise from the engine bay""), diagnose it regarding to the problem and then fix it.Also you got to upgrade your garage with a diagnose-track, a lot of utilities (OBD-Diagnose, multimeter, pressurepump,..) and you can even buy and sell cars later in the game.You learn some things about the parts of the engine, the chassis and so on. It's quite well made and more or less comparable to real life situations.BUTThe game just advances waaay too slow, it includes a lot of grinding for experience-points and you see yourself just fixing the same thing over and over again just to get that paintjob-room and in the end it's not that special.It's also not really rewarding as it just takes too much effort to also get the little things.+ I'm really tired of changing the f-ing tyres (haha).I paid 4€ for it, I would say I'd recommend it for that price because it kept me busy for one day but after that I couldn't really motivate myself again to continue.But as the normal price is 20€ I can't recommend it at that point."
,Not Recommended,320300,31448164,Posted: 29 April,all,Dan K. Memes,"I binged this for a day and had a bit of fun learnning about parts and refurbishing cars. But what I didn't realise is that I'd seen all that the game had to offer in that day. There is no depth: you accept a contract, remove rusty parts and replace with new parts, repeat. I wouldn't even mind that much if there was anything in the way of management, but there isn't. Money is uselss other than buying parts and XP just lets you do stuff faster. I 'm not sure what I expected for $5 on sale, but it apparently was more."
76561198049275547,Recommended,320300,27605240,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DaVampireGamer,One of the best games i have played for ages
,Recommended,320300,28162705,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,[I.E.G] LONEWOLF,This game will help you become a car mechanic in 12 hours.
76561198127192172,Recommended,320300,30155414,Posted: 24 February,all,folpyfish,Great Game hours of fun play!!
76561198167333267,Recommended,320300,23996866,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,psjbeech,very good game
,Recommended,320300,23962081,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CaptJack16,"I think that this is a great game. That being said, it took me 20 hours to figure out that you can skip the annoying beginning part. But the complexity of the game is great. I wish that there were a couple more catagories to help the game not get as boring."
,Recommended,320300,22977314,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sinbad,"Virtual Edward China(If you watch Wheeler Dealers, you'd understand)"
76561198006723309,Recommended,320300,16710135,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,NessyXXX,"Great game I hoping on more DLC for the developers and hopefully at a reasonable price as there other DLC.  I am not going to give a long review.  I will sum it up this way: fun, addictive and hours of playability."
,Recommended,320300,16868413,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kallus Rourke,"Ca Mechanic Sim 2015 is one of those games that you don't think you'll understand or do well at simply because you only know the basics or nothing about cars.  This game is very easy to pick up, and has things to help show you what you should be doing.  The game goes on forever, however, the missions do get repetitive, and after unlocking everything, there's nothing left to save up for.CMs 15 is probably one of my top favorite games.  It's really relaxing and fun to just mess with cars."
76561198023305132,Recommended,320300,16772215,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,I The Nothing I,is a spiritual successor to gearhead garage
76561198066569408,Recommended,320300,17394767,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,gta_fan,"I love Car Mechanic SimulatorI had a retail CD of 2014 but I sold that, when the next Car Mechanic comes out I don't think I'll be selling 2015"
,Recommended,320300,19627526,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,mbraun222,"THIS IS FOR DEVELOPERSGood game but for a simulator there is too much missing.Next time you make a simulator could you include everything that is missing likebrake lines,electrical wiring,speed sensors,knock sensors,computers, chips,o2 sensors,wheel speed sensors,brake fluid,tranny fluid,diff oils,torque specs,sequence tightening when necessary like on engine heads ect.**PLEASE ADD SLI AND CROSSFIRE COMPATABILITY**"
76561198046958354,Recommended,320300,27897500,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"Lost a day, tearing a car apart to find out whats wrong before realising i forgot to go to work 10/10 would skip work again"
,Recommended,320300,23698390,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,gdhmoney,Loving this game.
76561198089684063,Recommended,320300,25176248,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Lemon,Changing pads 24/7 recomended.
76561198150535547,Recommended,320300,23725425,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,GalaxyNova100,It's a fun experience.
76561198040168880,Recommended,320300,25068835,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RCAF_Dash,it's good
,Recommended,320300,30763033,Posted: 26 March,all,A S T R O,"You can't run the drag strip in the DeLorean Sci-fi without time travelling! I was really curious about what my protuned DeLorean would run, however it was worth it, now i'm in 2015 again!10/10"
,Recommended,320300,21971634,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Heaven Eyes,"I ran out of money while restoring a car, so I decided to remove all the working parts of a customers car and sell them.10/10 would chop shop again"
,Not Recommended,320300,20258189,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rexzooly,"I have been playing this for a good few days now, and It is a good game to kill bordam but that is it, its missing so many basic things out even a noob like myself knows, and some parts in this game should be mixable as they are in real life, we should also have sinbins for lets say spraying a custoemrs car another colour, more cars for the default game is really needed, sorry but making us by a few cars as DLC's is a rip off, open the game to the moders also you have a hole useless modding option.Custom options like better paint, vinals, inside of the car, better wheels and wheel colours, lights and so on, your mean to be simulating, why havenet any of these cars come in smashed, crash damage is a comman problem and a RSA car wouldn't come with a list of problems you would have to find them and see if the car was safe, in the UK you need a MOT also maybe adding options like this in to the game I am sure the US also has a car safty check it must past per year to drive.Its a OK game but thats all it is, its not really a Simulator as its not really simulating anything, Also stop making ever car have the same frame or engin, work on your moddles ALOT, add more flaver, maybe even add hotrodding and low ridding options to the game to make older recks worth restoring."
,Recommended,320300,32929065,Posted: 28 June,all,nobody,"Simplier way to recognize whole car interrior without getting bored. however it could still has higher graphics.As the most liked feature, you can build your own car and can modify it minimally on visual parts.Teaching 9/10Joyness   8/10Addictive 7/10Graphics  7/10Making you interest in every car you see on the roads  10/10Note that there is no brand car if you dont get extra cars from dlcs"
76561198069329363,Recommended,320300,33244858,Posted: 4 July,all,SlitelyVicious,Really calming game. Im learning so much about cars and parts in one. I have a much deeper respect for mechanics now lol
,Not Recommended,320300,30202844,Posted: 26 February,all,zat_person,"The actual classic mode is pretty repetitive, and the experience system is very slow. If you're patient, goal-oriented, and introverted this game may be for you. If you're not, this one is probably better left on the shelf. Wish I could give it a ""Meh"" rating."
76561198204510063,Recommended,320300,33419218,Posted: 9 July,all,Wolf King,"The game is so much fun, and work on cars that you see everyday on the road in a game. It's fun to do odd jods to hard jods in little to long time. TO MUCH FUN!!!!!"
76561198096079278,Recommended,320300,22095361,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,FriendFive,"This game is pretty good. I got it with all of the DLCs up to this point on sale and it was well worth it. Even though it is a ""simulator"" it is limited in what it simulates. It does let you take in repair jobs and remove old parts to replace them with newer ones. You have to put the cars on the lift to be able to access certain areas of the car; other parts of the car are only accessible under the hood. You have to remove certain parts first in order to get to other parts. You have to order replacement parts for the repair jobs you do. What the game does not simulate are things like the following: best practices, like disconnecting the battery before doing jobs like removing the starter and such. You don't have to torque done wheel lugs in a star pattern. You can't bulk order parts like spark plugs and oil filters that you are going to regularly need in order to get better pricing. As a matter of fact, you cannot even shop around from multiple suppliers to get better deals on parts. Another example is that you have an oil pan to catch oil when you drain the oil sump. However, if you use this, it is solely for role play purposes; you don't get a huge mess on the floor if you drain the oil with nothing to catch it. Also, you can remove the drain pan under the engine without first draining all the oil out.Think of this game as more of a 3-D puzzle game. You will learn the basics of what car parts are, where they are on the vehicle and how they fit with other parts. You won't really learn any real auto mechanics, though.I have really enjoyed this game, because there is always some new goal to work toward. As you get more experience and money, you can upgrade your tools and also your shop to make diagnosis and repairs easier and faster. Eventually you can buy your own car at auction and then ""soup it up"" but I haven't gotten to that point yet.This game looks good and the controls make sense, though there are some little annoyances like having to always use the ESC key to close windows instead of the key that you used to open the window. The music is terrible but you can turn it off.This is a good one if you like cars and want to pretend like you have your own shop. No bruised knuckles or greasy hands either!"
76561198279185142,Recommended,320300,33151360,Posted: 2 July,all,Knitler,"This game is a great game. Dont get me wrong, but there are a few things that this game could have to make it even better. Such as a way to skip the eternally long intro video that you are forced to watch upon launching the game every time. Or adding more types of trucks to the game. There is only one type of truck in the game. I know its called ""Car Mechanic Simulator,"" but cant they at least add a few trucks? But over all, this is a good game. The graphics are good, the parts to the cars are realistic, and there are so many more things to do in this game than work on cars. So I would say to anyone who likes simulators that this is a good one to try!"
,Recommended,320300,15654948,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,the real nibba,"A great game. A huge upgrade from the 2014 CMS. Here are my pros and cons.Pros:- No storyline from what I can tell, unlike CMS 2014 where it was set up.- Classic muscle cars, my favorite.- Better camera than 2014.- Body modifications/jobs.- Basically a huge upgrade from 2014 CMS, I could list so many more things. Maybe take a look at the CMS 2014 trailers for a preview of the upgrades?Cons:- Uh, plastic rims don't rust???- When taking off a driveshaft on RWD vehicles (Bolt Reptilia, Hellcat, Magnum, etc) it is a little difficult to get a good angle, the best way to take off the drive shaft is to click the middle muffler and then unscrew the driveshaft.- No free roam as of now. You can get a parking garage and collect cars, but to be honest, whats the point of collecting cars if you can only drive them around an old factory test track? I would absolutely love to be able to drive to the Auction house/garage/test track myself. If the player doesn't have a car to drive there, they could just fast travel, what is in the game now.Overall the game is great, it's just the little tid-bits that make or break the game. I can see a lot of potential for more things to be added, such as free roam, the ability to put old engines in new ones, switch out a V4 for a V8, etc. A great simulator nonetheless, PlayWay is a great dev.If you're not nessecarily a car guy, and maybe don't know your way around a car, it might be a good idea to try out CMS 2014 first, maybe pick it up on a sale.Honestly CMS 2014 & 2015 are two of the few simulators that actually simulate, and don't run like sh*t.I'd also like to mention that the devs update the game rather than making the game a cash grab. They balanced the game, are planning to add more cars/features, and more.Definitely worth the $20."
76561198044765461,Recommended,320300,31104022,Posted: 12 April,all,garymsd,addictive
,Recommended,320300,33849258,Posted: 27 July,all,My Summer Spider,My tools are always where I left them.
76561198301969981,Recommended,320300,33839298,Posted: 27 July,all,gregbuster,very good game fun and easy to play
,Recommended,320300,22202619,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr. Bear,Now i know more about cars in this game.
76561198012066214,Recommended,320300,23048132,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,OVER-_-WATCH,"I love this game, but please add a 1977 trans-am  please please please, and maybe decals and trims for cars too. can't wait to see what 2016/2017 brings for this simulator"
76561198299050983,Recommended,320300,23035242,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,IneptGamer11,11/10 Would f*ck the whole order up again
,Recommended,320300,33497122,Posted: 13 July,all,cleanfun,I just wanted to tell the Dev's that what they did with the DeLorean was pretty cool.
,Recommended,320300,33614453,Posted: 17 July,all,Its Every Day Bro!,This game is nice but u gutta know about cars
,Recommended,320300,33856809,Posted: 28 July,all,mpuone,"A great game if you have any interest in cars. Base game is very playful and fun, however the experience expanse tremendously with DLCs."
76561198134761760,Recommended,320300,33769604,Posted: 24 July,all,kevinrudman85,great game
,Recommended,320300,33757522,Posted: 23 July,all,TheGreatJigster,amazing
76561198057246996,Recommended,320300,33820949,Posted: 26 July,all,CrazyBoykilla25,awesome♥♥♥♥♥sim
,Recommended,320300,16882383,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,angerydad.jpeg,"This simulation is based in a world where people wait until everything on their car is broken before they bring it in. ""My car has engine issues."" Usually means that you're going to replace 85% of the parts, all the clutch components, two exhaust pieces, and a brake caliper. Why? Because this game hates you and makes you do it for the job completion cash bonus. So you do it anyways. And you love it."
,Recommended,320300,17102357,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ShankoPotato,good
76561198251252750,Not Recommended,320300,32777701,Posted: 25 June,all,SpeedRicky54,"Tutorial needs to be more detailed. Besides that, the game is just a clicking simulator."
76561198136572045,Recommended,320300,23012913,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,LordTylesTheMan55,"Awesome game all around, just like 2014 it gets addictive right off the batt.pretty much everything can be changed in the game which makes it fun and exciting everytime a car comes into the garage.only con with this game and i mean only, is that it is really easy to sell all the parts in your inventory with the wrong click of the mouse.save everytime you start a car... or just sell 2 cars worth of parts without realising 3-4 times... your choice.10/10"
,Recommended,320300,21830597,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,CheeseCakeMan01,"A good relaxing game that can get a bit tiresome and repetitive. This game gets far better once you are able to go to auctions and buy cars to restore and customise. A big recommendation that makes the game better is to go into the game files and rename all the cars to their real life counterparts, it just gives you a better idea of what you are working on. Overall I'd give it a 7/10 without DLC and a 8/10 with DLC just for the extra vehicles as they are a bit more well known such as the Ford Mustang."
,Recommended,320300,21782664,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,RAZJEBU BLIAT,Its a good game.But how does one have such rubber arms?
76561198205438509,Recommended,320300,21679554,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Toxic Ty,"Its really in depth, and will actually teach you something about cars."
76561198088161670,Recommended,320300,21967691,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,W00d5y,Great game lots of fun to play if you are interested in cars!
,Recommended,320300,15882278,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,koroshino,"Fun? Hell yes.If you love cars, Love taking cars apart or simple simulation type games, get this. It's fairly complex and has great goals to reach towards.Things to improve:1. Parts that need fixing need to be more than rusted. Rusted isn't always what's wrong with things. It would be nice to see some diversity, cracked, dented, barely hanging on haha.2. It would be nice to hire people to do some of the more mundane jobs.3. Would be nice to customise your cars interior4. A race track would be a nice feature.5. After market parts to enhance the car past restoration would be nice as well."
,Recommended,320300,23007504,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Last Holy King,5/5
76561198028395434,Recommended,320300,31343251,Posted: 24 April,all,Boatabike,"A pleasant game, not very much detail, not anything like a real sim, but as is, a good way to pass the odd hour"
76561197967244540,Recommended,320300,31347756,Posted: 24 April,all,RinValak,"Surprisingly really fun.22hrs of entertainment for the base game, for me anyway. I just bought a bunch of the DLC on sale so will see how much that extends it.Rating: Solid B+"
76561198341705056,Recommended,320300,28350524,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ProGamingYT,"there are many games out there are not as in depth, but one F***king awsome, if you like games deep in depth then this is for you, worth every penny."
76561197995082760,Recommended,320300,34897842,Posted: 12 September,all,totiest,Tremendous game. I spent so many hours playing this game that I cannot wait any other minute until it's available on XBOX One.
76561198063378340,Recommended,320300,15604486,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TheLamezone,stole parts from the same eurotrash minivan for hours in my chopshop. 10/10 would chop again#420choptheworld
,Recommended,320300,35023272,Posted: 17 September,all,Nyunyivadász,"Super Addicting, even in 2017!Im not fan of the Car's and not even fan of repairing the cars, but i enjoyed this game!!Pros:+ Super Addicting+ Worth its price (Gold edition for $2.50)+ Made in 2015, but still enjoyable.+ You can learn the name of the parts.Cons:This game has no cons in my opinion!!"
,Not Recommended,320300,28730646,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Juice,Great looking game with alot of features and great graphics etc.Unfortunately it gets boring really fast after changing way too many tires and so on.Very repetetive game. Just doing the same stuff over and over.Wish I never wasted that money on all those dlc's lol...
76561198296488704,Not Recommended,320300,35049537,Posted: 18 September,all,Gamla Joggningskor98,Car mechanic simulator? More like.. DLC SIMULATOR! Amirite?
76561198023689697,Not Recommended,320300,32738071,Posted: 24 June,all,Wheels,I sure hope the 2018 edition has rebindable keys.
76561198141936551,Not Recommended,320300,32901377,Posted: 27 June,all,BURNT WAFFLE,the game is just meh for me. good to learn some basic car parts but not really engaging of a game....refund for me...
,Recommended,320300,15547808,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Cookie,"Great Game, have gotten many others to buy just by watching me play.. +1000, Needs more vehicles and additional content, also when building your own vehicles you should be able to install new engines and other rims to allow for further curve appeal to a wide genre of players. I rate it up! Keep up the good work! if the mod packs are released as told this game will be a must have."
76561198018303985,Recommended,320300,17215493,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Tyr,"A great, very simple game. It takes a short bit to get used to how it works and what issues go to which part of the car. If you're very car savy then this will be a walk in the park for you and it'll just serve as a fun simulation to work on some sweet rides. Others, like me, who just know how to change the oil in our cars...if that, will actually find this educational as well as fun. A game like this could have easily been too complicated for people to enjoy, but they hit it right on the button. The graphics are nothing to complain about either!The only complaint I have is that after awhile you start to see that a lot of the jobs are quite repetitve. It would be nice to have more variety of issues to solve with the cars. Thats pretty much it.9/10 Great game"
76561198014910652,Recommended,320300,33052781,Posted: 30 June,all,Nuttyape,"Good little game,loads of detail and is a actual simulator, whoever made it is clearly a grease monkey and knows the ins and outs of cars.I made a video on gameplay you can check out if you want to see how the game plays instead of trailers.HEREIf this video helped you decicde to buy or not please upvote this review!"
76561198130702263,Recommended,320300,33827370,Posted: 27 July,all,maverick_187,This game was a major improvement on CMS 2014 the additions and the dlc have brought me back again and again if you havent played this game then do it I have had no regrets
76561198128694122,Recommended,320300,33684646,Posted: 20 July,all,bigc64,good game cheap dlc
,Recommended,320300,17117383,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Dr Leo Marvin,"I'm not sure why I got this game as I have little knowledge with cars beyond regular maintenace. At first it was a little intimidating working on my first few orders but it starts you off with simple things like replacing Fuel, Air, and Oil filters, and other simple tasks. Then you begin to work with different vehicles and much more complicated issues where you will need to competely break down the powertrain.Of course it's much more simple and MUCH faster than in real life, but it's been a lot of fun so far. Especially with the unlockable upgrades such as unlocking a Paint room, and getting more tools for diagnosising problems, and being able to repair parts efficently without ordering new ones.I'm still pretty new to the game with a few hours of gameplay, but I think it's a lot of fun. The visuals are great, the sounds of a car lift going up and down are great, as well as the music."
76561198011736394,Recommended,320300,24448740,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,rodieman12,Awesome game...
,Recommended,320300,34699743,Posted: 2 September,all,Octal,"Buy it. If you're poor, buy it on sale. It's educational, but you won't be blown away by the driving itself. Buy it if you want to build a car, don't buy it if you want to drive a car. 8.4/10."
,Recommended,320300,24435735,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,🔰 ★ Blu ★ 🔰 pvp,I wish there was online where you can work with other mechanics on your cars and race them.But other than that THE GAME IS AWESOME
76561198353107273,Recommended,320300,34805621,Posted: 7 September,all,我爱高俊熙,可以积累一些修车的经验，再也不要在高速上抛锚了
76561198066596582,Not Recommended,320300,28769212,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Psych007,"This game requires you to know what you are doing already, there are no tutorials or anything to show you what to do and how to do it. i got it to learn more but i cant learn from something that doesnt tell you how to do anything"
76561198056723598,Recommended,320300,15591133,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,I'm Japanese,"Hey this game is awesome, can you guys add a Mustang gt500 2014? I would love to study one and play with, so make update please? also how about bad♥♥♥♥♥cars like Honda s2000 ? and I love chrysler 300c 2005............................................................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE...........................PLEASE"
76561198074720971,Recommended,320300,15520875,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,cranium1,"Have Wrench, Will Repair.I approve of this simulation."
76561198037508536,Not Recommended,320300,31140232,Posted: 14 April,all,dhewittjr,"Uh... What happened?The game used to be one of my go-tos for a while. It was relaxing, it was simple to learn, and it was free of bugs... Ever since this last update it has become a nightmare. My floor turns black and lags the game when 2 or 3 cars are in the garage, loading customer cars has froze and crashed the game, making me lose considerable progress, orders from the previous job are now showing up in my current customer's car, and my paychecks for fixing people's cars is cut short because of this. I don't know if this is an everyone problem, or if this just happening to me, but it's absolutely gamebreaking.Not to mention, the Mac version has always had poor optimization in the first place, and lags a considerable amount, while my computer can run much more CPU-heavy games quicker. Maps take years to load, and even on the lowest settings the game still runs at about 29-40 FPS jumping up and down at random. Why? I have 8 GB of ram and can handle much more than CMS as a whole, so I don't see why it is hard to run."
,Recommended,320300,16372679,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Nameless King,"10/10 I absulutly love this game and cannot wait to see the future DLC release, im enjoying every second of it, its come along way from the 2014 game and has left all the bad problems behind. I highly reccomend anyone play this, it is amazing fun and very detailed."
76561197973860142,Not Recommended,320300,20312249,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Damack,"Mehhh is my fist word... So I went in to this with high hopes, but they were quickly dashed.  Don't get me wrong it is a fun game and I have spent some hours playing it.  But I just don't see an end game.  Ton's of hrs spent grinding away fixing cars and then the auciton is a joke prices go thougth the roof for a POS.  I'm gonna give this game some more time and see if it imporves or if some mod saves it but other then that I woudn't recommend it."
,Recommended,320300,15511068,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,THUNDER,"This game is great! Dev team are nice and helpful, and they fixed my stupidity with a problem. The problem is (if u guys have it) was that if u have Vsync off you have troubles moving. But on to the game. Its fun, interesting, and overall very educational on cars. I expected much from this game seeing how good the CMS 2014 game. But i was wondering (seeing how some sequals arent good) that this would be a flop. But it turned out great. Graphics are good, FPS is good, and most is good. The only thing i dislike about the game is the camera in inspect mode is a little wonky at times but i get by. Overall i would give this game a 9.5/10. Great game!PC Specs:EVGA GTX 680 2gbIntel Core I5 3570KGigabyte GA-Z77X 6GB/s8GB Ram"
76561198118323198,Recommended,320300,16352041,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Badboy Dannyboy,really good game to play
76561198020469519,Recommended,320300,15552052,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Inoxx,"If you're REALLY into cars, I'm not talking Neon Lights, NFS and Ricer sh!t. This is pure car mechanic simulation!"
76561198075127465,Recommended,320300,15560650,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Femalesimulatorgamer,"I had downloded Car Mechanic 2014, the game was abit slow but still enjoyed the game, then i heard about they're bringing Car Mechanic 2015, i thought i was gunna have the same problem, then i seen the clip, all the stuff from 2014 and then some, i was eager to download it. Now i downloaded it I'm glad i did, the graphics are just fantastic, the jobs you get, i would recommend this game to anyone and everyone, I'm addicted to it, if you loved Car Mechanic 2014, you'll love this even more."
76561197968189030,Not Recommended,320300,28936166,Posted: 2 January,all,Vandals[UK],"First of all, being a Car DIY person, I do know a fair bit about cars.  It is also the reason why I bought this game in the first place.Car components are held together like puzzles.  Being a car mechanics (in this game), you need to figure out how to take components apart, inspect them and replace if necessary.  At first, it was kind of fun.  Especially it takes away the problems in real world e.g: cables in the way, not enough rooms to work with, bolts rusted up or even strips away.However, after about 20 hours of gameplay, car fixing is so repetitive and the fun kind of disappeared.  In my save, I had 250K cash trying to figure out what to do with it...  Sure you can buy cars from auction, refurbish it, then take it to drag race but that's about it.The other thing I don't like is loading time.  I had this game on SSD (8Gb ram, i5 4570 CPU) but each time I switch from location to location it will take 30 seconds to load.  Its like from Main menu into game 30 seconds (your garage), then from your garage to auction house, another 30 seconds.  I felt like I'm playing this game on CD or something.Game music is kind of cool initially, but after 5 hours or so, you would want to mute in-game music and play your own stuffs.Overall, I do have a bit of fun with this game but game-life is a bit short.  Consider I bought this game while it was on sales (75% off) I think this game is reasonable.  The DLC tries to expand the game-life a bit, but personally, I don't think it succeeded."
,Recommended,320300,21491290,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,[FB] Colonel Sanders,amazing game
76561198065827137,Recommended,320300,30069930,Posted: 20 February,all,Gameplay,"Thanks for this game but you forgot something like repair all button, and air drill, if the upgrade is the air drill than you're missing the sound cause it's the wrench. Oh and buy everything button, I wanna buy all the parts for that car at once.....one more thing sorry, so up goes the lift to take oil pan off and barring or crank bearing off than lift goes down to take pistions out, lift goes back up to take the crank shaft out and lift back down for engine block, that's really annoying, pls take one of them actions away. Other than that awesome, thanks for the update, love the slicks"
,Not Recommended,320300,20262903,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,scottjamesallen,downlaoded and played for 9 hours if you turn the computer off and on and load the game just says can not open updated content so tried reinstalling and no joy wasste of time
,Not Recommended,320300,24832077,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ItsMikeyMikeBro,"The game it self was entertaining for like an hr, after that it got really boring and tideous. I wouldnt reccomend buying it at full price."
,Recommended,320300,30065870,Posted: 20 February,all,Druska,very good game
,Recommended,320300,23795139,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jarmo-Veli,Job: change brake pads.What I did: Replaced every piece that I got off of the car (including motor and rims + other body).cost: 3000-4000$Why: I dont know.What i got: 212$Worth it? YES!10/10would buy again!
,Recommended,320300,34995024,Posted: 16 September,all,Big Shaq,"Most accurate game, this game got me a job. :3+ Polish DevsSolid 10/10"
76561198328640986,Not Recommended,320300,33170950,Posted: 2 July,all,CHUBBYCLOWN,This game is the biggest repeatative time waster doing the same thing over and over for no xp. maybe be more interesting if i didnt have to waste 8 hours to still not be able to get a car park to have my own bloody car that i could put money into.
76561197988366913,Recommended,320300,34677036,Posted: 1 September,all,lai_tsz_ho,Never imagined that fixing a car can become a game. Nice idea.Loading time is a bit long but overall nice game with just very few crashes.Just hope that the dev can include more real-life models to the game. I don't mind paying extra for DLCs;)
76561198128115199,Recommended,320300,15516871,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,XxxdrdeathxxX,played CM 2014 loved it saw this tonight thought i would give it a go and it blew my mind they have done a great job with it keeep up the good work
,Not Recommended,320300,33787929,Posted: 25 July,all,Kar-mono,Way too many DLCs and when you reach end game it's boring.-Car-mono
,Recommended,320300,20097553,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Skeletor,"I enjoyed a lot with this game/simulator. Also, I learned a lot. Very good."
76561198053477421,Not Recommended,320300,34048433,Posted: 5 August,all,Yoeji_Orehe,"So I've played this for about 6 Hours and first off I have to say I finished the Bolt Hellcat. Honestly when I finished the Car I painted it, and tested it, nothing too special. And finishing the Car gave me no sence of accomplishment why? Because there was nothing to do with the Car afterwards. I threw the Car in the Parking lot and quit the Game. There are Multiple Cars to Build but nothing to do with them afterwards you can't Race Players, Customize your Car, or do anything fun like that. You build a Stock Car and move onto the next. It's boring I also bought some Cars from the Auction but there was nothing to do with them once I finished them so I havent set foot on the Game in a while I also know that Car Mechanic Sim 2018 is out so I'll have to play that, please take what I said into consideration. Thank you and have a Nice Day. ;')"
,Recommended,320300,15608030,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Wednesday,Just spent 15 mins unscrewing the engine to find out I could have done it from the bottom of the car10/10 would screw and unscrew again
,Recommended,320300,15550125,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Kevsirel™,"Ahh, another year, another CMSI was looking foward for this (CMS 2k15). In all honesty, the game blew me away.Not only modern day shitboxes are on the game, but classic muscle cars are on here, which is right up my alley. They also grew a pair of balls by adding a V8 and making an L4 with and without DOHC (Dual Over-Head Cam). The only, and I mean ONLY bad thing about this game is the XP system. Final gameplay rating, 9/10.I also gave a brief description on realism of the parts on CMS2k14, so might as well make one here amiorite?Anywho, this game blew CMS'14 out of the water. They moved the oil filter to the bottom, which is what I stated. Not only that, but they added more parts to work on, including ABS, even MORE rubber bushings, sterring rack, and much, much more. I'd rate the realism 10/10.Final rating: 9.5/10. I highly suggest getting this for people into cars, or just want to learn some basics, like oil changes, brakes, etc."
76561198007255307,Recommended,320300,15553427,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tyl3r99,"This game is really fun!phone rings, and jobs come in and then you can accept or decline jobs.for example i had a job that needed a new ENGINE BLOCK!i literally striped the engine and some of the suspension to replace it.took me about a good half hour to 45 mins if you take your time not to make any mistakes.game is so detailed and for all of you petrol heads, its a damn blast1 con --->>> not many cars to start with (its only been released to days prior to this review)"
,Recommended,320300,15568479,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Svergie2,Awesome!
76561198136827179,Recommended,320300,15700852,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Maliciousness,i loved it intell it stop working it said it had a update the when i try loading up me game save everytime it says load failed (global) what the hell dose that mean plz fix it
76561198079125048,Recommended,320300,15548689,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,amyjo_50157,"this is the best game yet, im glad i helped fund this game, best investment yet,"
,Recommended,320300,16954067,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,NetQvist,"Well..... I didn't expect this to be so much fun, if you like taking stuff apart and then put it together again then this game is awesome. It does get a bit repetitive past 10 hours but it's one of those games that is perfect to play while watching other videos!"
,Not Recommended,320300,27890446,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Juan Year Old,"I like it it just gets boring after a while and updates come in the form of DLC, nothing new from 2014 just the restoratation aspect. Have the things in the trailer you cant even do. In a world where every GB of your budget PC's hard drive is important, this game doesn't deserve the measle 4GBs it occupies."
,Not Recommended,320300,20473460,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,TT SW33TJ3ZUZ,Car mechanic simulator at toddler difficulty...I played 41 minutes of this game and worked on like 6 cars...so much for simulator lol
,Recommended,320300,27535649,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Schnausen Ausen,"iz gud, takes ages to reach 9000 xp to unlock parking, tho... (needed to build your own car)"
,Recommended,320300,19539821,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Burk :D,"Good game for car enthusiasts and a fun progressing system, would recommend to a car guy"
,Recommended,320300,19659106,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,V¡ctorul,Best-buy it
76561198196053725,Recommended,320300,16608505,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,wilson2hall51783,10/10
76561198163413405,Recommended,320300,15927802,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,wut cheezbuga,This Game Is Amazing I Love It!
,Recommended,320300,16431554,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Spotify,cool
76561198253641991,Recommended,320300,30672708,Posted: 22 March,all,tompearce05,"I DIDN'T GET IT FOR FREE BUT I'M A REBELanyway, on with this ""really serious"" review!ITISGOOD"
,Recommended,320300,21285072,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,megagamingnerd,in the next one please put hoses and clamps i know alot about cars and how the engine works but this game can use a little more work
,Recommended,320300,23030869,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,FORD255,"I lov this game the only thing is that it needs to have roll cages, be able to have small drag tires on the front with the drag slicks the missing engine needs to be fixed because when i go and drive the cars the engine is missing. I also would like to see a different cam for the v8 ohv engines and different exhaust sounds that would be great thanks"
76561198141329724,Recommended,320300,23002769,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,regularpit,fun and cool had a few issue they are that I know of they are fixed the only problem is as soon as I launch the game it is a  black screen all I have to do is CTRL+ALT+DELETE and then it take to your background then just click the car mechanic 2015 logo and its fine if you click and it then go back to the background the click the logo again. (hit esc to skip the intro)
76561198073296196,Recommended,320300,16801292,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Zoro,"I love this game, it takes everything that was good from car mechanic simulator 2014 and adds so much to it. It may be kind of a niche market for games like these, but this game would be fun for anyone. you get to learn so many things about cars and how they are put together. Cant give this game enough stars."
76561198121181336,Recommended,320300,23019772,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Lucky38Janitor,I have gotten♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off as if im actually trying to fix the vehicle irl.10/10
,Recommended,320300,23024382,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Moopheus,"Such a relaxing game spent a few hours on it now, will be buying the performance DLC next."
,Recommended,320300,23027119,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,hooplidoopler,Great game. loyal devs.
76561198081095271,Recommended,320300,23029825,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Piyo2,"about time to introduce triptonic, dual clutch and CVT gearbox into this game... for more fun"
,Recommended,320300,23033363,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,nuseone,"Tried to fix my car IRL and ended up spending more money than what you get paid in the game for the same job. Will tinker with my car again, no regrets 10/10"
76561198121956977,Recommended,320300,31555273,Posted: 5 May,all,Truck_man_user_2822,I need money and Xp i need it
76561198271949794,Recommended,320300,32704134,Posted: 23 June,all,JustDriveOk / SKINTRADES.COM,"Great game! 9/10!The only reason its not 10/10 is because it's game breaking buggy!I have to change the oil on a new car i got, so I get everything in place and start to do the steps. But when I try to take off the oil drain plug it does the motion of getting removed but then it immediatly screws its self back in place so then I can't finish the job and I just have some car taking up space!"
76561198372782678,Recommended,320300,33130343,Posted: 2 July,all,Kenny,iz gud
76561198086609430,Recommended,320300,32835987,Posted: 26 June,all,Photo,","
,Recommended,320300,22970737,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,antimate,"i love this game, i bought the older 2014 aswell and they have gotten even further in 2015! :P can't wait to see whats comming next!i would LOVE to see this game in VR :P LOVE! :D not to mention a little more driving. so if the stearing is bad, you feel it. if the car is hard to break, you feel that in the test, if your tires is worn down. you feel like you are sliding. not to mention. if you crash. you see the dents and have to replace that aswell :P that could be soooo cool! :P keep it up guys!"
,Recommended,320300,32790305,Posted: 25 June,all,Skylake,"Very fun sim, has great attention to detail, a good bit of content (albeit in DLC form) and is just really addictive to play, definetly one of the better sims Steam has to offer."
76561198117503224,Recommended,320300,24645597,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Redsteel,"I'm having fun with the game, it becomes kind of repetitive after a while but the developers keep patching and adding options and features so I'm not complaining ...much."
76561198171249583,Recommended,320300,24643611,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,CRE2525,This game is amazing!!!!
76561198156992634,Recommended,320300,25875581,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Importdrifting,"I love this game, excellent graphics and design of the game, to all the creators and who ever else who made it very well done, I'm very glad I didn't go buying something else and waisted money, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,320300,22947104,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Derp,Games pretty fun.Funnest part was when i literally broke a guys entire car.8/8 i broke your car m8
,Recommended,320300,33047019,Posted: 30 June,all,dRy,"Even though i'm a petrolhead I never thought this game would get so addicting.I just wish this game would let us make our own builds, where we could buy a car and upgrade it with stuff we're not supposed to, like swapping engines and more, instead of replacing old rusty stuff with new factory parts all the time.Still,for the price, it's an amazing gameas it is."
76561198167792993,Recommended,320300,33190474,Posted: 3 July,all,۞ loirinhooo ۞ | hellcase.com,grande jodo !! adorei <3
,Recommended,320300,30053285,Posted: 20 February,all,Chris_Blst,Very best
76561198200715269,Recommended,320300,30065506,Posted: 20 February,all,Miffy,very good game.
,Recommended,320300,31193234,Posted: 16 April,all,SWAGMUNCH3R,Taught me how to wrench on my 7.3 Duramax
,Recommended,320300,21401395,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Cgaan,It's a nice sim for someone who wants to learn about the guts of a car but are still too lazy to get up and look under the hood of their own.
,Recommended,320300,29323724,Posted: 17 January,all,dumplingJunkie,Goo
,Recommended,320300,33604621,Posted: 17 July,all,stevanusdewangga120991,This game is very reomended
,Not Recommended,320300,25662814,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Krill Bill,It's a bit of a clicking simulator.
,Recommended,320300,24547429,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DisturbedTimeTraveler,"Great game, really maked you feel like a mechanic!"
76561198084283949,Recommended,320300,20080509,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,XPSF43,Its good
,Recommended,320300,30204246,Posted: 26 February,all,Kentucky-Truckie,"I wanted to be a mechanic, and I decided to get this game to learn how to be a mechanic instead of going to school. Totally worked!Okay now seriously. This is a great game that I would recommend to anyone. Certainly a game that won't get boring and that you can play for long periods of time."
76561198204868363,Recommended,320300,26094902,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Boosted 330ci,Its a fun and addicting game but gets repetitive.
,Recommended,320300,28847961,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rippy™,"I'd recommend buying all of the DLCs just for the fun of this game cause it adds in more variety. However, this game needs:Trading cards, and badgesAchievements!More things to do with cars (other than auctioning them, testing, etc) such as derbies, races, shows, and eventsHave your own name for your garageChange the weathers for more fun experimental simulations during test drivesOption to turn off menu animations (mine always lag but the game runs just fine after getting into the actual game itself)Possibly have your own character just to fit in the mechanic side of it (and possible customise the character with car related stuff and more)Possibly have more game modes (such as time challenges, online racing, etc)Maybe have our own office to decorate with car related stuff and earned trophies and more (if racing gets added in)The mechanic doesn't always working in their garages, they work at pitstops and such!That's all this game really needs. Great potential for car lovers! Also, add more modern cars (McLaren, Tesla, etc)Subtitles if possible!"
,Recommended,320300,27595753,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blue Triton,"Passionate game, I think they need to add more detail and more DLC"
76561198315866986,Recommended,320300,27620276,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,somegamer31,AMAZING!!!!!!
76561198285314675,Not Recommended,320300,30234616,Posted: 27 February,all,Smök,"Not what i thought it would be, quite boring."
76561198281645856,Recommended,320300,25112381,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,****** Tutis Frutis,The gane is not bad.
76561198112600560,Recommended,320300,28678835,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tomeh,A really enjoyable game to relax and play.
76561198206807781,Recommended,320300,24670144,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,☣RazerRagin☣,its just amazing!!!!!!!!!!! recomend 10/10
76561198112152551,Recommended,320300,21572806,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[DR.]DEATH,"i bought this game to purely learn about the inside of a car and to see how to replace things like a real mechanic,  and guys i will say I'm impressed.   I've worked on real cars before and this replicates it to the bone marrow.  This game has a lot of scenarios so you basicly figure out any type of problem that could happen to your car.  One other thing the creator actually makes you figure out where the wared out parts are.  There is no guide line to tell you where the part is located.  You either will have to undo the car peace by peace to see where the malfunctioned part is or simply look on the internet to see where its located at and then do it in the game and trust me your going to learn a freakin lot on how to do stuff yourself.  For christ sakes if you just want to learn how to do a perfect oil change.  Get this game!"
76561198283648097,Not Recommended,320300,28158877,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mr coffee,THsis game crashes evry 2 seconds i play
,Recommended,320300,27372694,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Morgloth,"Just leaving this here for the badge, but I do really enjoy the game."
76561198170441513,Recommended,320300,22954243,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,GTX27,it is a good simulation game
,Recommended,320300,25920567,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mini Grim,Love this game.
76561198161294801,Recommended,320300,28633624,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BOBYDAZZELER,awseome
76561198048048796,Recommended,320300,25592365,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,kierankent,goos
,Recommended,320300,21947889,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Abbnäsborre,"Worth spending time in, prefect game when you are watching series at the same time!"
76561198358303403,Not Recommended,320300,31511270,Posted: 2 May,all,McMCorey211,i thought it wouldve been better.
,Recommended,320300,31399537,Posted: 27 April,all,Justin Timberlake,"its amazing, they neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed to fetch a new one out though, becasue i need more cars, plz.best car mechanic game on steam"
,Recommended,320300,19939317,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,King Andronikos,"There's something oddly addicting and relaxing about fixing cars to wubs.10/10, would fix to wubs again!"
,Not Recommended,320300,26711204,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Fuck The System,"I waited much more than this, it gets boring very guick and the DLCs are just junk"
76561198132780231,Recommended,320300,22587073,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LM,Very fun to play
,Not Recommended,320300,31438659,Posted: 29 April,all,Stera,"Refunded, the camera view makes me felt dizzy"
,Recommended,320300,22384100,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Clone303,"did you always dream about fixing cars?, do you like hands up/techno music? do want learn/get a idea how a car works? then this is your game and it's really good at what's doing, in fact i will called the best Simulator game to date and nothing i would not self play a game like this but well i love cars and always self want to know how to fix a car but i will say this more easy then Car Mechanic Simulator 2014, it's harder then this for they almost tell your everything/what there is wrong wtih the car but i guess it was get alot hard later on in the game but love cars? then try it you will fall in love also it dont cost alot"
76561197991751665,Recommended,320300,20758359,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,I-Know-My-Rights!,Bought a $2200 computer to run this ♥♥♥♥♥ on Max. 10/10
76561198031427326,Recommended,320300,19312932,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,arinner,"I do like this game, and I am a retired auto repair shop owner.  I bought it in alpha and enjoyed it and played it a lot early on.  But after a while the challenge diminishes rapidly.  It only takes a few times to learn a car, and new cars are not much of a challenge.  The DLC of new vehicles are expensive and there should be many more vehicles in the base game.  The vehicles are typically based on a basic format so if you have 4WD DLC your just getting one basic vehicle with some minor changes between them.  They represent different companies but are all designed the same.  The only really different vehicle is the Maluch, and its, just weird.  All in all I played over 120 hours.  You have to have the visual tuning DLC to make the game playable, but they charge seperately for it, so you know what your in for with this game."
76561198125673861,Recommended,320300,19366911,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Federski,"Teaches basic car machanics. You don't get to work on brand name cars like Ford, or Dodge, but they make a pretty good model of what an actual car looks like.This is a very helpful game if you want to learn part names and their functions. I like it"
76561198031530121,Recommended,320300,20338656,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Harlequin of Hate,"Do you like cars?  Do you like trucks?  Have you ever changed your own oil?  Have you ever changed your own brakes?  Have ever wanted to know more about vehicle parts than just oil filters and brakes?  Do you want to know what it's like to be Stacey David or those jackasses that ruined his show?  Then buy this mechanic simulator!  Sure, there are a few things wrong with this simulator; it's not perfect.  But nothing serious enough that you shouldn't buy it and enjoy it.Caution: You may quit your job, buy a garage, and start repairing vehicles."
76561198028990816,Recommended,320300,15781842,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,8BitJake,"Awesome game!  Though i'm not too happy with the lack of custom stuff. I know this is a ""mechanic sim"" not a ""custom car sim"" Although I'd like to see more options when rebuilding a car. like more rims ( they have added more rims! ), super chargers, spoilers, hoods, two tone paint, car vinyl wraps, full stereo system, exhaust tips, side pipes, neon lights  being able to change the color of the dash, seats so on and so on.  They could really make this game bad a$$, they just need to step up with more options.   6/10    Update: They are adding more visual upgrades and now any rim can be mounted on any car. If they keep it up this game will be better the Gearhead Garage!!    The developer is on top of this game with fixes and addons! worth supporting the devs!!"
76561198131092271,Not Recommended,320300,20689682,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Patrick,"This is a pretty damn fine game: finishing jobs and upgrading stuff around the 'shop is satisfying game, the economy is well- balanced, and the cars look gorgeous. However, I upgraded my OS several months back (to OSX El Capitan 10.11.2- I know, I'm trying to game on a Mac, so shoot me), and the game completely broke. Now, I can't get past the loading screen without the game crashing, with no way to alt- tab out of it or otherwise get out of it- the screen just freezes, with any audio from other programmes still running in the background. I recently picked up CMS 2014 on sale as well, and had the same problems. If this problem gets fixed, so I can actually play the game, I'll definitely try to change my review to focus on the fun aspects of the game, but until then I can't recommend it."
76561198118752967,Recommended,320300,18412213,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,†,Really amazing simulator! I enjoy it a lot! Big up!!
,Recommended,320300,30161614,Posted: 25 February,all,CENSORED,Nice game for preciouse time
76561198320264505,Recommended,320300,30186171,Posted: 25 February,all,K5 blazer man 1,it is good
,Recommended,320300,31404947,Posted: 27 April,all,Powerstroke_Nation,Amazing Game!
,Recommended,320300,30180933,Posted: 25 February,all,SquareNuTsS,nice game
76561198152360372,Recommended,320300,24536402,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,scotfusion,"Good game... But, WOW! The loadscreens are seriously long. You have enough time to go to the store and decide what kind of dish soap you wanna try, come back and the screen will almost be done."
76561198047980905,Recommended,320300,24821145,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Grimisto,"Another great edition to an already good game especially with the DLC's.The one complaint I have though is I think this game is meant for only high end computers because if you have a slow computer you have to tone down the graphics so much it may remove some enjoyment.If this was a racing game I can understand why they would want such high detail graphics,however considering this is more of a puzzle game it does not make sense.If you have a slow computer CMS2014 may be a better choice."
,Recommended,320300,22448779,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,NAEFR,man im addectid to this game i really like it the engines the cars it like real everything real and theis grahphics man
,Recommended,320300,20812972,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Rjohn,Jeremy approves!
76561198335684725,Recommended,320300,33489734,Posted: 12 July,all,Kliff Arne,RECOMMENDED!
,Recommended,320300,30246565,Posted: 28 February,all,uniquepro8,great game would recomened
,Recommended,320300,32065303,Posted: 30 May,all,Luminous For Life,Auction Day : SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! I GOT PARTS TO DEAL WITH!11/10 WOULD SPAM HIGHEST AMOUNT OF MONEY TO BID THE LOUSIEST CAR
,Recommended,320300,32160822,Posted: 3 June,all,Zanpop,Strangely relaxing. car/10
,Recommended,320300,32356807,Posted: 11 June,all,Dodger7,A good game for car enthusiasts who want to know every working part of the car.
,Recommended,320300,26038780,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Survivalist07,well not bad not good.good for play around 10 hours then boring as hell
,Recommended,320300,26118048,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Chevy4life,"ide give this gave a star rating of 3. it claims to be a ""simulator"" and yet it is highly unrealistic. from missing to misaligned parts, they even allow you to remove parts in an order that would be physicaly impossible in real life, car comes in for repair, owner says its running but chopy, i remove the oil pan and find the problom, your crankshaft is imbeded in the side of the engine block because the devs were too lazy to properly align the parts. this being sayed, i would still recomend the game as it is highly addicting, im having a blast with it, i just wish it was more realistic than what it is."
76561198154946640,Recommended,320300,26116911,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Madmark1997,hey whats going on with the Maserati Quattroporte becuase the car has been released in real life does any know whats going on and long is it going to take great game if the devs could get back to us that world be greatfrom user madmark1997
,Recommended,320300,32314221,Posted: 10 June,all,Thom,My go to game for relaxing and viewing videos on my 2nd. Monitor. Actually kind of a good learning tool.
,Recommended,320300,25717058,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,naterade1,game crashes alot yall need to fix it was about to start workin on a deloreon and it crashed and i lost all my progress :(
76561198329544836,Recommended,320300,30119665,Posted: 23 February,all,775380198,"we need Chinese,please."
76561198196534546,Recommended,320300,32598322,Posted: 20 June,all,☛ Bogy CS.MONEY,ez
,Not Recommended,320300,22965217,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Alexandre alexsteckel,"in this last review, you guys could make better compatibility with windows 10.in my windows 7 runned good... now it´s a crap with windows 10You gonna waste 1/3 of your time in loading screens. 1/3 of your time trying to level and 1/3 of your time thinking if you gonna uninstall this game.I remember the old good Gear Head Garage. Was fast, was simple, fun to play. This game is going to make you nervous. Mainly if you forget to backup your savegames. Isn´t in DOCUMENTS folder. It´s real hard to find. Really hide in your computer. And.... no cloud support. Just clown support."
,Recommended,320300,33206252,Posted: 3 July,all,░™◯Dark OP◯™░,Good but i would like the dlc prices down more.
76561198318706156,Not Recommended,320300,28215999,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,HOFMAM,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,320300,34078281,Posted: 7 August,all,Mack Baggins,"If you're thinkinh about getting CMS18, Get this one and wait until they fix cms18.CMS 18 is broken as hell, but CMS15 is still the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198369177589,Recommended,320300,34077730,Posted: 7 August,all,alex1717,Amazing game i reccomed it
,Recommended,320300,26886109,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ArenaUndead,Playing this game turned my Volvo V70 into a V240 10/9
,Recommended,320300,34876776,Posted: 10 September,all,SantosCW,"Car mechanic simulator is a good game if you are interested in cars you can upgrade certain tools although it is a lengthy process, the game is quite repetitive but i suppose a mechanics life is."
,Recommended,320300,34911609,Posted: 12 September,all,STEALTHxASSAULT,"Starts slow at first till you get the hang of things, but after you learn right from wrong it becomes a really, really awesome game! lots of fun, many different cars. filling your garage with cars from some auctions and slowly upgrading them is just awesome! I'm looking forward to saving up for Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 now! Don't let the bad reviews make this game out to be bad... It's fun, the graphics are pretty decent! But overall it just gives you a beginner Mechanic feel..."
,Recommended,320300,34926216,Posted: 13 September,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡𝕤∀𝕄𝕖...,Bro love to learn on this one pretty details but hate getting i4s constantly.
76561197960602579,Recommended,320300,33447764,Posted: 10 July,all,Anarchy_Infliction,Plain and simple if you like cars or want to get into cars then this game is for you. Its easy to pick but also engaging. Again if you really like cars and building them then buy this game!
76561198068846276,Recommended,320300,33445105,Posted: 10 July,all,Null Network,good game if you are looking for somthing to pass time.
,Recommended,320300,22997766,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,JsN,Best Sim I ever played
,Recommended,320300,31357693,Posted: 25 April,all,Sir Douchebag,not so bad after all.
,Recommended,320300,31361150,Posted: 25 April,all,Pandaww,great if you know alot about cars ..i know nothing about cars
,Recommended,320300,31359328,Posted: 25 April,all,C:aptain,I recommend this game
76561198005498858,Recommended,320300,22995262,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,mainframecn,"Fun game, takes me back to the street rod days on c64. Get's repetitive and grindy pretty fast though."
76561198284309084,Recommended,320300,30430612,Posted: 10 March,all,Asto24 | MA24,"When i first got this game i had to get use to the game because i didnt know how to repair and do things like that, but after playing it a few hours i started to love it got really fun and i started to know where the parts are so this game is definitely worth it there is also a lot of cool DLC'S for the game. I rate this game 8/10"
,Recommended,320300,30482182,Posted: 12 March,all,itz_lewis,love it one of the best games i brought
76561198121019785,Recommended,320300,30481465,Posted: 12 March,all,MaDLaDx,Love this game could spend hours on it love it wish there was more tuners parts like breaks suspention and stuff like that but love it
76561198027502541,Recommended,320300,22118783,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Hugo Stiglitz,"+Nice graphicsGood optimizationMany cars with different types of suspension, engines, drivetrain...Easy to learn and play-The game could be more challengingthey've added ""expert mode"" in which part names, condition and bolt highlighting are left outit's still pretty easy to assemble parts as there's a hologram that shows where the part is to be placedeven in ""expert mode""Crucial parts like air tubes, fuel and brake lines are missingIt's still a lot of fun to play but it could be more realistic and difficult"
76561198039875201,Recommended,320300,21879489,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,MSTRmarco,"I had no knowledge about car parts or any mechanic stuff, i bought this because simply i love cars. And oh boy i got hooked. And here's why i love this game so much:Story:You're a car mechanic and you fix'em cars.Presentation:This game didn't really go for photorealism despite being a simulator, and some parts look really funky at times, but most of the time it doesn't really matter because this game runs really smooth and you don't need a beast to run this very smoothly so good optimaztion there. And mostly i didn't really cared about funky looking parts because i had so much fun. Oh, i almost forgot to talk about how much detail and effort has put into this game. You will be surpised to see how detailed the car parts are even thorugh they didn't went for the photorealism.Gameplay:Gameplay in this game is so addicting and fun for both car lovers and problem solvers, so in the first few jobs the game tells you what to fix, but 3-4h in the game gives less infomation about the problem and you need to dig(or shall i say, screw) your way into the car to find the problem and replace it with new parts. Also this game really teaches you about car parts and how to remove them and put'em back in. It is a very fun and addicting IF you're a car lover like me or a problem solver, novice mechanic, or people who like puzzle games. Well if you're not one of those people i suggest stay away from this game because it's not for you.Overall:Overall this game is perfect for Car lovers, problem solvers, novice mechanic, and people who like puzzle games. For those people this game gets 9/10 BUY THIS GAME NOW. But if you're not one of those people do not purchase this game. I myself would put a recommended review because this game deserves more positive reviews."
76561198210877777,Recommended,320300,24389126,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Callumswift5,love the game
76561197972187210,Recommended,320300,16233067,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Unholy79,"In many ways this is a leaps and bounds improvement over the 2014 version, however one thing I think it's missing is some sort of achievement or goal.  You play, fixing cars, solving problems, even going as far as buying wrecks and restoring them... but by the time I got there, I kinda of wondered what the point was.  At least the previous version started you small and you could upgrade to bigger and better shops as it progressed... this one, you get 1 shop and the cost of upgrading it and XP requirements are almost too easy.  Still, it's inexpensive and a good time sink... but don't be surprised if you reach a point where 'what now?' has you moving on to a different game."
,Recommended,320300,16628943,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eclipse,-Dismantled first car in game.-Sold all parts.-Didnt have enough money to buy replacements.-Failed.
76561198015450918,Not Recommended,320300,26231206,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kilik_CZ,It´s not fun for me after 1 hour
76561198231003564,Recommended,320300,27932903,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MaximumDestruction,great graphics ingame but it needs to be easier to get ep
,Not Recommended,320300,19045218,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,FinalBoss,"Just not enough stuff to do, really boring in the beginning.  like, REALLY boring and repetitive.I guess it gets better later on, but I don't care to waste my time, I'm a busy man."
,Recommended,320300,35098214,Posted: 20 September,all,OldSkoolz,great series of games and tons to do ...I have them all ...grab it.
76561198153095415,Recommended,320300,33664022,Posted: 19 July,all,BlueDon777,This game is a great game for taking cars apart and putting them back together. You get to lear whats inside the car and do alot of other great stuff. This is a great games worth buying and the DLC is really great so get this game!
76561197985368940,Recommended,320300,17002673,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,They Call Me Josh,"I have fallen in love with this game.  Not sure why I enjoy it so much.  I guess between cars, and the disassembly and reassembly and all the other neat things this game provides.  I grabbed it on sale, and I have bought all the DLC to date.  This game is a great game, and a must have for gearheads and those who just like tinkering with the mechanics of putting a car together and taking it apart."
76561198060478618,Recommended,320300,24336344,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Kermie,Really good game! Really addicting.
,Recommended,320300,21483512,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Did you put soap,"BEST GAME EveRE, Just really wish you could put in your own music play list or something"
,Recommended,320300,33999330,Posted: 3 August,all,A Meme Reborn,It's exactly what it says. Would recommend.
76561198161089672,Recommended,320300,32089600,Posted: 31 May,all,Yiru99,教你汽车修配厂如何赚钱。。。
,Not Recommended,320300,32100508,Posted: 31 May,all,PsychoticSailor,Unfortunately was an amazing game for the brief period that it worked. Stuck on loading screen and there is no support to rectify the issue. And forums indicate this is not an isolated incident. Dead/dying game by the sounds of it.
,Not Recommended,320300,34316439,Posted: 17 August,all,inaroo,"id think this game its kind of plain, i get its a simulator and it was funny at first, then i feel it like its incomplete, i would love have a little bit more of a challenge rather than just learning a lot from cars, i would like to start in a small garage with little space and all broken, so we can grow over time then have machines so we begin our bussines, to have employes, upgrade decorate the office, simple things like this could do a lot for the game, i just think that its a base for an awesome game. like id said, i like it a lot at first, then its just repetitive no indepth in any aspect.do i recomend this game? if you love cars and just want to see inside them without getting your hands full of dirt yes.if you want a game that shows you how is to be a car mechanic, and keeps you entertain, then dont."
76561198001637203,Not Recommended,320300,29099195,Posted: 7 January,all,grm.dgs,Really awkward controls. Gets tedious almost immediately.
76561198116269394,Recommended,320300,15513083,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Patrick V,Much more better and fun than the last game. Still somethings still needed to be improved.
76561197990454889,Recommended,320300,15557110,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Leander.Gregoir,great game !
,Recommended,320300,28396952,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,The Musty Book,THIS GAME IS LIT FAM HARAMBE SUPPORTS THIS LIT GAME FAMLIT
,Not Recommended,320300,19401382,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,poTATEoh,I just don't get the point of the game. It's great fun taking cars apart but it gets repetitive very quickly. Would be greatly improved if it was tied to a racing game or something like that.
76561198097176804,Not Recommended,320300,31194467,Posted: 17 April,all,akumazedex,"I'm on the fence about this one honestly. Got a little time into it and while it's pretty neat, there's not a whole lot they let you do. You basically get two options when you repair the cars, either fasctory parts or performance parts. There, you only get one option each. Campaing is all right, nothing to get excited about. I'd LOVE to see more variety when it comes to the parts you can use and the cars themselves. Perhaps allowing workshop content would greatly contribute to most of my issues, but that's on the dev end.Verdict? Get it on sale, otherwise pass."
,Recommended,320300,28131443,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MrSteakPotato,Rust..
,Recommended,320300,21697430,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ScaniaLAD1993,11/10 Would fix many cars again
76561198168690505,Recommended,320300,33568061,Posted: 15 July,all,✡KINGELI✡,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndNpCcHcWXwThis game is pure fun!
76561198143442932,Recommended,320300,29973644,Posted: 16 February,all,Kr1pTo,Good game
,Recommended,320300,32038791,Posted: 29 May,all,JERRY_LaW -M- NTC,nice
76561198040680096,Not Recommended,320300,22372780,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,MacgruberKent,"Dumb, boring and repetitive.Never was big on cars which may make my opinion bias but i thought id give it a go to see if i could learn something.All in all i now have less of a an infactuation for cars.With my par for a good game being $1 an hour i spent $10/hr as i only played for 2 hours before i wanted to hang myself.Would not recommend"
76561198079456097,Recommended,320300,16678213,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MrWyvin,very good game
76561198288115069,Not Recommended,320300,25972259,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,gtamaster934,this game is not loading
76561198022343072,Not Recommended,320300,21899735,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,nicholasxuu,"Slow, progress is painfully slow, so slow it's like having a dead end boring job in real life, Except you don't get paid, so... total waste of time.The game is fun, initially.It's fun when I fix the first car, it's fun when I fix the first complex part. But, you'll need to fix the same boring simple car, screw and unscrew the same spot thousands of times, BEFORE you can even get to play with the second car.Just speed up the experience and money! or just open up all the cars!Seriously, why?Game developers don't get paid extra for holding gamers playing longer (by wasting time).It's a single player game, and a car mechanic game, there's literally nothing to brag about for spending(wasting) so much time on it.It's the desert bus game with a better interface. Playing it should be considered performance art."
76561198208319120,Not Recommended,320300,20651290,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MasterOverLordicon,really kinda ♥♥♥♥ing sucksdefinatly not worth 20 dollars
76561198283068447,Recommended,320300,30080009,Posted: 21 February,all,hanchannel,we need chinese
,Recommended,320300,25031802,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ooloughoo,LETS GET ROIGHT IN TO THE NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
,Not Recommended,320300,29511840,Posted: 26 January,all,VaporShark,"This review will sum up the game experience here... take this bolt out, take this bolt out, take this bolt out, take this bolt out, take this bolt out, take this bolt out... put this bolt in, put this bolt in, put this bolt in, put this bolt in... you get the point. customization is very limited as is game play. there are no mods for the vehicles like graphics or body kits, etc. The mechanics of the repair process are very simple as are the number of components to each engine. It only takes a few repair jobs to quickly become bored with the process."
,Not Recommended,320300,30222752,Posted: 27 February,all,Rise,I played it for about 90 minutes and i just got bored during palying it
,Recommended,320300,31717416,Posted: 13 May,all,Ardi,enjoyable and fun if you like to work on cars while listening to dubstep one tip when you start playing get spotify
76561198130243830,Recommended,320300,31385675,Posted: 26 April,all,THUMPINCHEVY,Best game ever
76561198070988807,Recommended,320300,28055979,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,WoodrowBC,2 Thumbs up!!
76561198055003950,Recommended,320300,22887468,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SilverGamer,freaking love it now that you can swap engines
,Recommended,320300,31999471,Posted: 27 May,all,3rdEyeRio [Alpha Theater],"This game is just what the title says it is, but it's not some mamby pamby sim. It actually gives you the experience of working on cars and trucks!Pros:lots of things to change on the carsParts and pieces you can buy in the Parts ShopDLC adds much more funCons:Graphics might hurt lower end PCsAt some points you have to find ALL the worn partsSome worn parts are hidden so well you'll get frustratedBut altogether, this game is a great way to relax and even get to know your cars a bit better! It's even cool to make videos with it!Rating 8.5/10"
76561198082238665,Not Recommended,320300,29116577,Posted: 8 January,all,plowman,there is no directions to show how to play the game . big waist of time
,Recommended,320300,25746597,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,focuus,Loading Screen simulator
76561198005827549,Not Recommended,320300,26112052,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,dozclarke,Great idea. The trouble is you don't play a good idea. Your clicking parts on and off a car. All the cars use the same set of parts. There are some tuning options but they are very limited. Don't think you can chop and change engines etc. Limited choice on wheels with no real choice on width or diameter. So you click parts on and off  a car. Then you get to set it up on the dyno. This is 3 buttons you fiddle with till the mixture is right. Doesn't say what you are actually doing and its so random you might as well throw a dice. Then theres the drag strip. Throttle is just a button so if you have a car with decent power your either spinning into the wall or short shifting gears so you never get a meaningful time anyway. Like I said a great idea that very soon becomes very boring.
76561198259599556,Not Recommended,320300,25698645,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Maddy,"Not a bad game, but the controls are so frustrating and you spend half your time trying to click on something but its not selecting.Game is too slow going.Had to turn it off after a bit, as it gave me a headache.Would recommend it for a bit of fun but only if you get it very very cheap"
,Not Recommended,320300,29563936,Posted: 29 January,all,Ninja_Broccoli,I feel that all the cars are to similar if you know how to repair one car then you know them all basicly
,Recommended,320300,32330331,Posted: 10 June,all,CountryOfKevin,"The game is good, pretty close as close as real as youre gonna get but the loading screens are unbelieveable. I selected to go to the drag strip (and every other location) and I was able to take a shower, take out the garbage, go to the dmv, and rub one out before the game had even loaded the area and you'd think for playing it for hours on end the game would have it load faster but no. The graphics and realism are amazing though."
,Recommended,320300,32579700,Posted: 19 June,all,✪ juggernaut,Waiting for Car Mechanic Simulator 2018
76561198307623811,Recommended,320300,28779059,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DecklennOnline,BOOOOOOOOOOOOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY who dosent love to virtualy fix cars all the fun but none of the dirt 10/potato would fix cars some more
,Not Recommended,320300,23121346,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,@woofy -iwnl-,"If you dont know anything about cars, dont buy. Tutorial sucks, and nothing works"
76561198260180695,Recommended,320300,29358404,Posted: 19 January,all,WallaaTa4,hello i have problems in the game can you fix it plase
,Recommended,320300,18668679,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Heckler The Dragon,"Why would you wanna go to the career center and pay... how knows how much money to learn how to work on cars, when you can pay $20 for this game to learn how to work on cars."
76561197993647250,Recommended,320300,16768688,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,OnayT.,Arabalarla ilgili tamir sökme takma geliştirme gibi şeylere ilgisi olanlar mutlaka satın almalı. Oyun gelişşmeye devam ediyor ve yeni dlc ler geleceği söyleniyor. Ben büyük keyif alarak oynuyorum ve tavsiye ediyorum . Ayrıca oyun son güncellemeyle Türkçe oldu.
,Recommended,320300,20722105,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,EvilKenevil,"Alright game, Would recommend.ConsNeeds more *FREE* DLCsPossibly more partsDifferent range of vehicles modern - old styles"
76561198308717394,Not Recommended,320300,33073136,Posted: 1 July,all,Monkey man,when i go to accept a job on this game it goes to load then kicks me out???Anyone else have the same problem?
76561198064750959,Not Recommended,320300,33290627,Posted: 5 July,all,HardWood,"First. The Game is great. nice driving physics so far. nice mechanic mod. nice economic mechanics so far. nice cars!!Second. The Game lags at some Points.Dont get me wrong. I like what it is...But, the potentials are unexhausted.What i miss is to compete with my friends on the Drag Strip.What i miss is, that i can choose more the one ""tuning part"" for X Car...What i miss is, that i can have a little race or crash derby with other players...The first 10 hours were fun, but after that, the Game lags in ""give me some more, more skills, more cars, more parts, employees to hire(the lower the stress lvl and raise money), races whit real players, maybe a better management system for the location i work / start in.See.. there is the CityMap. Why are there no option to buy a better/bigger Garage, etc.... Starting in this BIIIG 100% nice Mechanics Garage, is lag. . . no pregress there. thats sad.  let me start in a little shabby garage and let me grow and my business. something like this.Hope 2018 Version gets more of the missing parts i called.3 / 10 Points from me!"
76561198067422813,Not Recommended,320300,24549338,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,stafdogg,"Game is bugges , after liking the game for 35 hours i get stuck , what a stupid thing ... the mercedes 560 Hey fix the stupid clip thing♥♥♥♥♥!!!! :@:@:@:P@:@"
,Recommended,320300,23008842,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kavemane,"At first, the game is quite fun and gives you something to do, but later on it's just all exactly the same and gets boring pretty quickly. I do reccomend this game, but only at a sale price of over half off because fixing cars doesn't get different once you get through all the things to fix. Everything to fix just gets recycled with either different cars or different objectives for a car. Also, if there were more stock cars where you don't have to buy as DLC, having more to do than just fix cars, and being able to do more customization would make the game a lot more satisfying."
,Not Recommended,320300,32512685,Posted: 17 June,all,dread dead 3946,i does not work
,Not Recommended,320300,31362166,Posted: 25 April,all,TLSMutsu,"The game is what it's supposed to be, but the interface is horrible. Time consuming and annoying to progress."
,Recommended,320300,31358101,Posted: 25 April,all,Uncle Richie,it is pretty empty without the dlc but with it it does feel more filled
76561198128377991,Not Recommended,320300,33544996,Posted: 14 July,all,iphone.unger,To much grinding. I went into this hoping to expand what i know about working on cars and after several hours haven't gotten very far. I read that it can take some time to get to more of the fun stuff but dang it does take a long time. Its fun for a bit thought so if you can catch it on sale I would give it a go. If you don't know anything about cars maybe it would be a kick. Not my favorite tho.
76561198124669030,Recommended,320300,16665077,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CSI48,"This game is WAAAAAAY better than the last game , omg you guys NAIL'd it outa the park !!  12/10 .The only thing i would change is that you can put the cars you build back into the auction house .Oh , and we need so American Pick-up trucks ( Ford , GMC , Dodge ) .I would recommend this game to EVERYONE !!!! Buy this game if you are a Gearhead , and i promice you'll love it."
,Recommended,320300,31449293,Posted: 29 April,all,A17_GaminG,"Boss caught me playing this game, scewing up a wheelThen he reacted by saying ""Stop screwing around and get back to work""Screw/10, would screw again"
,Recommended,320300,24381327,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Jeeperswerewolf,I recommend Car Mechanic Simulator 2015.
,Recommended,320300,16349763,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,#^1Ph@L^1@nX#^4-G^4R-,Very nice game!!!recommend it!!!
76561197979947949,Recommended,320300,28075393,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,void,Теперь я знаю все основные автомобильные узлы.
,Recommended,320300,32108940,Posted: 1 June,all,AKARI,jadi mekanik ganteng
76561198010704226,Not Recommended,320300,20235982,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Whitewolf3105,The game wont work on windows 10....
,Recommended,320300,15519859,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Spawn more overlords!,Superb... 10/10.... very addictive game.
,Recommended,320300,23524978,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Stryker,"Step 1: Go to auction center, find a good carStep 2: Disassemble everything.Step 3: Re-assemble everything.Step 4: Put some tuner stuff in the car.Step 5: Realize you forgot spark plugsStep 6: Disassemble the whole engine block againStep 7: Realize you didnt put tuner spark plugs inStep 8: Go back and put tuner parts in.Step 9: Fix EEPROM And carburrettorStep 10: Enjoy!Step 11: Repeat from step 1"
76561198047532337,Recommended,320300,15511587,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,sondre82,"Been playing for a while now, love it so far!"
,Not Recommended,320300,31202604,Posted: 17 April,all,Johnxynetwork,It's just horrible if you just sold your item that you need. Make a warning page please!
76561198023495548,Not Recommended,320300,34140908,Posted: 10 August,all,Godnarok,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥CAN I PLEASE JUST DO ONE GODDAMN OIL CHANGE WITHOUT THE PHONE RINGING FOREVER!?!?!?Here is the number one way to make a game absolutely SUCK and go from awesome to garbage in 5 minutes: Make a phone ring non-stop for those five minutes, while you are trying to play/learn the game.If I want to hear a phone ring continuously, I will kill myself and go to hell, where that is the norm."
76561198271967261,Not Recommended,320300,20458969,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,joshp8r,just crashes dont get the game
,Not Recommended,320300,20275616,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheNorthernDrift,"No windows 10 support doesnt even launch for me, tried emailing them but it seems they dont listen fml dont buy"
76561198045180919,Recommended,320300,32145185,Posted: 2 June,all,Sgt. MacArthur [1st RB],10/10
,Not Recommended,320300,33297320,Posted: 5 July,all,the1observant,"Can't run this game on a 32-bit 4GB class system. Need 64-bit 8GB class system to run it properly. They lied about the minimum requirements.Also, Steam refused to issue me a refund on this game. So I'm stuck with a game I can't play.Will revisit this game later after the asset reduction patch 1.2.0.0"
,Recommended,320300,17709535,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,KaTze,"Hello dear reader of this funny little review wich get updated later.There's nothing to say in beforehand so let's start:1: buyed, installed, started the game2: adjusted the settings3: heared the music4: started chair-dance5: chair-dance6: chair-dance7: chair-dance8: chair-dance9: xxx10: staped danZzing11: coffe-machine doesn't work ._.'*SPOILER*12: telephone rings - sound prank .__.''' ²*SPOILER END*14 - 20: ~nearly the same~21: accepted contracts22: working on a few carsWould love to dance again900PS/1.000PS :3PS: Greetings from GermanyKaTze ~"
76561198109491000,Recommended,320300,34756038,Posted: 5 September,all,ShadesOfSingularity,Does this mean I can have sex with sexy customer just they do?
