user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,320610,24736087,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Absurd Logic,"In a nutshell:For every one thing this game does right, it messes up in another area. Recommended for the more challenging HOGs, difficult puzzles, unique collectibles, and goofy FMV acting if you like that kind of thing. Not recommended for the blah story, slow-as-hell pacing, far too much backtracking, and the many bugs that require fussing around and even deleting files just to get past unresponsive puzzles or locations.If you're the impatient type or don't like overly brain-taxing games, this may not be the best HOPA choice for you.*pulls hair and screams silently* Alright then, here we go.Story + FMV + VOsI found the story in Questerium unimpressive and boring. A meteor falls near a city, and when they start researching it they discover it has some kind of superpowers. Some people start a project to harness that power, but something goes wrong and the city has to be evacuated. You're sent in to look for two kids that didn't get out when everyone else did. The first antagonist is some weird guy with powers who keeps yanking the kids away and throwing obstacles in your path. The main antagonist is the scientist behind the project, and you have to jump though some very ridiculous hoops to stop him from...actually I'm not exactly sure what he was trying to do at the end, tbh. The bonus chapter sort of explainswhyhe was acting weird, but not what he was doing.The narrative is heavily supplemented by video clips of live actors instead of drawn characters. The gimmick both helps and hinders the story and gameplay. It helps because the silly and overdone acting adds an amusement factor and a reason to actually watch the cutscenes for more than just plot exposition. For example, the actor who plays the scientist hams up the role so damn much it's almost like watching a live-action cartoon. His facial expressions alone are ridiculous. That's not everyone's kind of amusement however, so I'm sure many people will be turned off by what would otherwise be considered terrible acting. (And yes, it's terrible, but so is the acting in cult hits like Sharknado.)Unfortunately the pacing of the FMVs interferes with the flow of the game. The actors take sooo long to do anything that it doesn't feel organic anymore. I guess the scientist is supposed to be a hobbling older guy, but the way the actor walks just looks really weird. The timing between anyone's actions (crouching, jumping, starting to walk, etc) is a beat too long to look natural.The voiceovers also don't match the characters. If you can read lips, there's a big gap between the VO recording and 1) what they look like they're saying, and 2) what the subtitles are. It's a minor complaint in perspective, but it does get annoying after a while.And maybe it's just me, but the mayor's comments over the loudspeakers in the city seemed like an attempt to (badly) emulate the cliche dystopian rambling made famous by Bioshock and Portal 2.GameplaySome of the point & click solutions are bizarre. Like at the beginning, you find a clothing iron for some reason, and then realize its only use is to smash a glass case to get a fire extinguisher. Why did it have to be an iron, exactly? Nobody I know would look at an iron and think ""hey, that would make a great projectile!"" You find a katana, but it's just used to slice through a single metal chain. Why? You have more logical tools in your inventory at that point that would achieve the same result. If the devs were aiming for some kind of humor with the weirder object-usage choices, they didn't do a very good job.The amount of backtracking you have to do is infuriating. If you're not using the map, be prepared for a lot of confusion. I stopped caring at some point and just opened the map after every action to see where the next ""!"" location was (which doesn't work in the bonus chapter). It's very clear that the backtracking is meant as a way to artificially pad the game length, since most items are one-use-only and you have to bend over backwards to open safes and whatnot that only yield absurdly common objects (which also have only one use). Last I checked, pocket knives and hairpin lockpicks don't need 24/7 security.HOGs + Puzzles + SecretsHO scenes are well-constructed and more difficult than average, but there's nothing otherwise noteworthy about them. You can't skip them either.Puzzles are nicely varied, butwaymore difficult than average. I like challenging puzzles and tough twists on old favorites, but a few left me stuck gritting my teeth for 20-30 minutes at a time, and I had to look up parts of their solutions out of frustration. Two or three also had really unclear instructions, and I had to watch a video just to find out how I was supposed tostartsolving them.The puzzles are by far the biggest problem in the game, primarily because of bugs that completely halt progress. Like if you start a puzzle and leave it before finishing for whatever reason (including a game crash), when you come back it may not register when you input the correct solution. In my case, sometimes spamming the reset button helped, other times I had to dig around and delete some Loc.xml files in order to reset that particular scene (there's a how-to floating around in the discussions). The problem is that once a location is reset, you need to redo all your actions, and if thoey require an item from another location that you already used, you can't get it again unless you resetthatlocation. Then that may lock you out ofmoreplaces that need other items, and so on. So while it's a potentially useful workaround, it only works for scenes that don't require single-use items. In all other cases you either gotta spam reset and pray, ruin your no-puzzle-skip streak, or start a whole new profile.""Secrets"" are in the form of hidden caches of money or mutated flowers you can find in some locations. The cursor doesn't change when you mouse over the money caches, so you'll either need to use a guide or spend time clicking everywhere. A few of them are in HOGs too, so they're missable, which right away screws up that achievement if you're not careful. In contrast, the flowers are easy, but one of them is missable near the end because there's no gameplay reason to revisit that location.ExtrasThe bonus chapter is a headache in the making. There's a really annoying bug where neither the map nor the objectives update after you leave the jail, so the only thing the hints and map suggests is finding the door to exit the jail in the first place. I tried everything, from verifying cache to all kinds of file tweaks, but no change. The same thing happened on a new profile.As for the bonus chapter content, it's really not worth the time. There are no achieves to work toward, and only 4-5 new locations. Most of it revisits places from the main game. So not only is backtracking even more tiresome, but with the map and hint system so screwed up, you have to wander around twice as much to play the ""lets see if this weird combo works"" game everywhere.ConclusionI really wish I could fully recommend this game. Honestly. It has some nice elements and scenes, but the story and puzzle/action logic are sub-par, and there are so many damn gameplay hangups that it stopped being fun for me. Instead it became a chore, and a hunt to find fixes so I wouldn't have to start all over from the beginning.Don't get me wrong - I can see the appeal and why some people give it good ratings. But I suppose that only really applies if you're lucky enough to have a bug-free playthrough. That said, based on my own experience I have to give his a thumbs down. A 100% successful game doesn't end with the player cursing at it and activelydreadinga whole replay to the end just to get achievements they were screwed out of by bugs the first time around."
76561198003030375,Recommended,320610,14094718,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Questerium: Sinister Trinity HD~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Questerium is a hidden object style of game with a bit of a twist. In this one you have live characters. I personally like the mad professor Gustav with his great laugh and small inch to inch walk. Funny!You have to find objects from one area to another to help you progress within the story, as you would expect in that type of game. What I really like in Questerium is the challenging puzzles you encounter. This will get your brain going, let me tell you. If you have never tried this type of game and like puzzles, there is no better way to be initiated into this genre in my opinion. If you like hidden object games, this is a must to have in your game library.When you start the game you can choose your level of difficulty from casual (with hints and skip) to professional (without hints and skip).  I personally like the normal difficulty in this type of game. I rarely use the skip button but I must admit to using it from time to time in this one. Thank god!Also, during your journey you will find some money which you can use to buy some items to develop your garden. I really like that. It is not much but it is an addition that makes this game better than others in the genre.This game runs smoothly and has enjoyable graphics. The story is sound and the price is right. Well structure from start to finish.Positives:~~~~~~~~-	Good story-	Live Characters-	Challenging puzzles-	Achievements-	Trading cards-	Nicely executed and runs wellNegatives:~~~~~~~~~-	Too challenging at times (puzzles)This game is really good and I am sure you will enjoy it.8.2/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes. Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561198007688772,Not Recommended,320610,16368292,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aargh,"Painfully average game with some major flaws.The adventuring consists of searching for missing objects or tools. Exactly one specific item can be used in every situation; you can't break a chain using an axe you already have, you have to find a katana. You can't break glass using a pickaxe, you have to get a stone. Why? Item locations are completely random. Often you have to solve a complex puzzle and get a key to open a safe just to find a simple knife inside (or something like that).The game contains an insane amount of backtracking. You are constantly running back and forth around the map; a convenient map helps a lot here. However, the map hints and the whole hint system didn't work during the bonus chapter and then the backtracking got really painful.There are some live-action cutscenes that reminded me of the ""interactive movie"" era of the 90's, however the actors are so incredibly bad that every cutscene feels like a parody of itself. Also, the story is so simple and stupid it's not even worth following, there was absolutely no effort put into it.Overall, it's not a bad game but it's not a good game either. There are so many better games in this genre it's impossible to recommend such mediocrity. Dear developers, next time please think about the game a bit. It IS possible to make the items work in a logical and interesting way. It IS possible to tell an interesting story."
,Recommended,320610,20810714,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Vic=HKC=,"Two children need your help to escape a town invaded by strange plants. However, a man manipulating electricity kidnapped them. And besides, there is a crazy doctor trying to stop you. So, what is really happening?The story could be resumed by a scientist being affected by a meteor and having used his own assistant as test subject and needed to be stopped before it's too late. However, the evil isn't always what may be at first sight. While the twist is welcomed, I suspected it when I got some items.The gameplay is quite common: find items to unlock hidden objects scenes or puzzles. But you have also a nice quest to find plants, hidden money and masks. The money will be used to buy ornaments for your garden. Also, the puzzles, while being well-balanced, aren't always the common ones. Some of them are however very hard and while searching a walkthrough for them (I must say that for one at least I was close to the solution), I realised that many of those recording a video one skipped them.The best thing is also the fact that the characters are real actors. In other words, you have them in video into drawed backgrounds. I don't know if the man manipulating electricity is the same as the sailor in Mystery Expedition: Prisonners of Ice but he was quite similar physically. The rest is also well done, though I would have preferred more darkness at least.Some bonus are also offered as it's a Collector's Edition: puzzles you can replay, wallpapers, etc..This game is a nice game, with a perfect execution from the actors, with good puzzles and with nice features. It's a good bargain, so, don't hesitate!"
,Recommended,320610,21962583,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Thalatte,"Game InformationQuesterium: Sinister Trinity, is a HOPA* game, developed by URSE Games and published by Buka Entertainment.*HOPA - Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure.Game VisualsI want to mentioned that the visuals for this game is nicely done. The visuals can be adjusted in the option menu.Game AudioI want to mentioned that the audio for this game is well done even if it's simplistic and somewhat repetitive. The audio can be adjusted in the option menu as well.GameplayThere are only four difficulty game modes to choose from: Casual, Normal, Hard and Professional.Notebook has section but one is available at the start of the game.There is an option for locking the inventory in place to keep it stationary.There are interactive items in the game. These items are marked with a symbol but sometime they require extra items before they can be interact with.The interactive map allows the player to fast travel between each location quickly. It also indicates there are tasks that needs to be done at certain locations.Most of the game's hidden object scenes consists of traditional word lists with some or no interaction.Most of the game's puzzles are fairly easy to solve without having the need to skip any of them. All puzzles can be replayed in the bonus content section.There is a collectible in the game: supernatural flowers. There are different types of them. They're scattered throughout the entire game to find. They aren't found in numerical order.The garden is located under the bonus content. It can be upgraded fully with the right amount of coins that are gathered during game play. Most of the coins are scattered throughout the entire game.There are twenty-three different achievements. But each of these achievements has certain requirements before they can be unlocked.Since this game is a collector's edition, there is a bonus chapter, but it can be accessed only after the main story is completed. The bonus chapter is the sequel to the main story.MiscellaneousThe bonus contents for this game consist of the following: Wallpapers, Concept Art, Mini Games and Bonus Chapter.There are total of five different trading cards. You only get the three of those cards from the game. There are several ways to get the rest of the trading card: Purchased from Steam's Market; Trade with friends; Booster Packs and it's Booster Pack Creator.Final thoughts, I've found this game enjoyable to certain extend. The replay value for this game is low. I would recommend this game but not at the full price.http://store.steampowered.com/app/320610"
,Recommended,320610,18874148,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,TheCyberDruid,"It's a good hidden object/casual adventure game with a quirky, but interesting story. The graphics look really good and it seems like they actually updated them for the Steam release. There are live action actors and while the dubbing isn't very good, the overall feel of the game makes the wonky acting feel kinda fitting. The music is decent, but also quite unspectacular.The puzzles are quite challenging with the exception of two or three that are just trial and error. The hidden object scenes are a bit overcrowded, but they fit the places they are used in quite well. Some of the adventure elements are a bit off. For example you can't use an electric saw to cut one wooden beam, just to find a handsaw later that works. Overall it's not too bad, but I'd say that the adventure elements are the weakest part of the game.Overall I really enjoyed playing the game and finding all the secrets gives the game even some replay value. It's worth the 7 bucks and a really good deal on sale."
76561198042646749,Recommended,320610,34240874,Posted: 14 August,all,kris.aalst,"The game's full title isQuesterium: Sinister Trinity HD Collector's Editionbut let's refer to it asQuesteriumfor short.Questeriumis a Hidden Objects Game (HOG) combined with Full Motion Video (FMV). It's not the best HOG I have played but it is worth playing. The puzzles are fun and even though (or maybe: because?) the acting is cheesy, the FMV really adds something special to this game.StoryA meteor has struck near a town. It's emanating an unearthly energy and the resident scientist, Dr. Gustav, starts experimenting with it. Something must have gone wrong, as the meteor's energy has suddenly manifested itself as a huge but inert whirlwind just outside of the town, causing the townsfolk to flee in chaos. Two children are unaccounted for. You play an investigator who's asked to go look for the children in the abandoned town.The story is rather thin. Dialogue is scarce. You do learn some background stories about the main characters by reading journals, newspaper articles and other texts you find while exploring the town. All in all, the narrative is enough to keep a HOG going but not much else. This is one of the many HOG that relies on a lot of puzzling and just a basic story to keep the player interested.GameplayAt the start of the game, you select a difficulty to determine the challengeQuesteriumwill offer. You can adjust the difficulty at any time while playing.At the easiest difficulty, you occasionally see a small sparkle on all the objects you can interact with. The hardest difficulty mode is meant for people who want to click on everything to check if it does anything, and who don't mind resorting to some pixel hunting. The difficulty modes in between don't have the sparkles but you can use a hint button to lead you to the next object to interact with, if you're stuck.The hidden object puzzles inQuesteriumare what I'd like to call 'the advanced type', meaning you don't just need to look for items hidden in a scene and click on them, but you also need to combine items and use some items on other items to find hidden objects. It's a small step up from the basic hidden object puzzles seen in some other HOG, but a step up nonetheless, making the hidden object puzzles a bit more challenging and interesting.The other puzzles are varied enough. There are some classic puzzles and there are some original ones. The difficulty of the puzzles is never too high to be frustrating, but overall they are challenging and most importantly, they're fun to tackle.Optionally, there's some collecting to do while playing the game. InQuesterium, you can collect money and plants. The plants are easy to spot but the money is hidden very well. Spots where there is nothing but hidden money don't even 'sparkle' on the easiest difficulty mode, so you either need to click around a lot or keep one eye on a guide.At any time, you can click a button to travel to your own personal place in the world ofQuesterium. There you can use the money you've gathered to buy fountains and trees to make your garden look more impressive. The small building leading to your garden contains a book that keeps track of the plants you've collected. The rest of the room automatically gets filled up with all sorts of decorations while you complete achievements inQuesterium. All this is completely optional and not relevant to the game at all, but it's there for people who like trophy rooms like that, and it's a fun addition to check out once in a while if you're an achievement hunter.Graphics, FMV and soundThe graphics are as good as you'd expect from a decent HOG. In the case ofQuesterium, of course, it's the FMV that makes the game look special and different from other HOG. Graphically, the FMV looks great. The FMV is used only for the four characters you meet in the game, though, so it's only a small part of the whole game.The acting is very cheesy. This is a word us FMV afficionados use to avoid calling the acting terrible. But we use the word affectionately. The quality of FMV acting has known extreme highs and lows over the last 25 years, but the appeal of FMV is that when the acting is ok, the FMV is called great, and when the acting is bad, it's called typical charming FMV. Or indeed, called 'cheesy'. The fact is, the FMV inQuesteriumadds a lot of atmosphere. And after playingQuesteriumI have to say it baffles me that this is the first HOG with FMV I've ever seen, because FMV goes really, really well with the HOG genre. I hope to see more of that combination, although preferably with a slightly higher standard of acting, if at all possible.The music and sound effects ofQuesteriumare fitting, atmospheric and clearly of high quality.On Steam's extra featuresQuesteriumhas 5 Steam Trading Cards. You'll get 3 while running the game.The 23 Steam Achievements, which are also tracked ingame, consist of story-related achievements, puzzle-related achievements (for solving them without skipping or using hints) and collection-related achievements (for collecting all the plants, finding all the money and buying decorations for your garden)."
,Recommended,320610,31614632,Posted: 7 May,all,Angahareth,"I've settled on yes for recommending, because I did enjoy the game, despite a few major cons.Pros:- Some nice background art- The flower collectibles are pretty cool, and the secrets mechanic was a fun challenge- Decent story. I like the way it just throws you in as the detective without explaining too much like some othre games do.- Good HO scenes that weren't too easy- Unlike a lot of the other reviewers, I didn't experience any bugs (although I haven't played the bonus chapter yet). Ran pretty smoothly.Cons:- The acting. Oh, man. Now I'm a big fan of the HO genre, and am used to mediocre acting, but this was a whole new level of bad. Someone decided that this game needed live action characters, but then apparently didn't know where to find people who know how to act, or people who know how to animate the live action bits into the scenes. It would have been so much better with more standard characters. The voice acting wasn't bad, but the movement... seriously. If this were a comedy game, maybe I'd think they're trying to be ironic, but it's too serious for acting this bad.- Some of the puzzles are not well explained. I had to skip a couple of them because I couldn't figure out what to do and the instructions were useless.- A few very slow and frustrating animations. For example, there's a pyramid minigame, which is simple and shouldn't take a long time to solve, but the animation for moving the blocks... it makes you click on the one you want to move, the arm moves over, picks it up, and you nca't click destination until that's done. It gets frustrating really fast.- Unlike every other collector's edition game I've played, this one doesn't have a strategy guide.But, despite the painfulness of sitting through the cutscenes, I did have fun playing it. So, get it on sale, it's a decent way to spend a few hours.Edit:I've played the bonus chapter. The map and hint are broken, in that they always point to the very first task, but it's still playable, you just won't have the help of hint and map."
,Recommended,320610,14308237,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,gusgreco7,"7/10genre: casual point and click/HO adventure game+ the presentation is nice, with good implementation of live actors as the main characters+ story is quite interesting in the sci-fi/mystery genre - you are afrer a mad scientist who's trying to use some king of energy for bad cause+ casual adventure game, with inventory based puzzles, some mini-games/puzzles and hidden objects scenes - not much pixel hunting , scenes are clear and beautiful - secret places to discover where you collect money which then you use to decorate your garden (!) - achievements also present+ detailed diary and map- acting is terrible, so is voice acting- puzzles are generally very easy (casual game though)in general, nice casual game, almost in the artifex mundi games quality level that we all know and like, not quite there though but it is a good choice for fans of the genre"
,Recommended,320610,33031893,Posted: 30 June,all,sbszine,"The terrible FMV just adds to this cheesy game. Occasionally it fails to register a click or has an inconveniently small hotspot, but that aside, it seems to be bug free for me. Puzzles are quite original and the HOG scenes are well themed, with fewer random junk heaps than most games. The story makes very little sense, so a typical HOG in that respect. Anyhoo, I had 6.8 hours of fun and consider this thing a bargain."
76561197970887820,Recommended,320610,17259632,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Mandrake42,"Quite a solid HOG game that I enjoyed playing through. The graphics and music are fine for this type of game, though as is common for a HOG, the acting is kind of terrible, but its that kind of terrible thats amusing more than anything. Besides who playes a HOG for academy award winning acting? If you like HOG games there are certainly worse out there than this one and you will have a good time with it. If I had one gripe its that some of the puzzle minigames are not properly explained. One towards the end especially is baffling in its lack of coherent explanation. Fortunately you can skip it so its not a huge loss.7 out of 10"
76561197971341065,Recommended,320610,19984229,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,sfnhltb,"So a competent and potentially fairly ambitious hidden object game with the feel of a 50s B Movie, acting that Ed Wood would have demanded better, decent gameplay and pretty decent graphics (minus the oddity of having fmv embedded in cg scenes).The hidden object scenes are decent if a bit over-using multistep objects, the puzzles are mostly straightforward as is common in this genre, and there is a fairly large amount of point and click parts of the game outside and less hidden object/puzzle parts compared to the norm I would think, although it also may have been the story elements as there tends to be a new plot advancement in every new room, rather than just in between chapters as might be more common, but rather at minimum the evil scientist will appear, do something evil to mildly hinder your progress, cackle evily and then do some sort of Igor shuffle off stage, or the lightning dude will blow something up or set fire to something nearby and then disappear with the two kids again, etc.The gameplay all works fine, there are no messed up translations here that I noticed (apart from the plot where the replacement english voices and subtitles somewhat disagree with each other as to what is being said). There is some achievement related weirdness - why are you collecting flowers? Why are you looting the city and searching everywhere for secret cash caches to buy yourself upgrades to your garden at home? Well, apart from there being achievements for finding them all and buying them that is, of course.One surprisingly big plus for me is that the protagonist picks up a swiss army knife/multi tool right at the beginning of the plot and uses it for cutting things, unscrewing things, etc., for the entire rest of the game, so there is very little running around solving endless puzzles just to get yet another single use screwdriver, as so many games in this genre tend to do.Still if you find the atmosphere humourous you will probably have a good time, and even if not the game is decent enough anyway, so this seems an easy recommendation to anyone that likes playing this genre."
76561198073445985,Recommended,320610,14091729,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,FranklynStreet,"I enjoyed it.  A fun hidden object puzzle adventure in the vein of the best of the Artifex Mundi games, with some collectibles and secrets to discover throughout, as well as a bonus chapter.  The live actors were absolutely terrible, as was the voice acting, and the decision to mix live actors in a computer game, reminiscent of games like The 7th Guest, was very misguided.  However, it can't really take away from the simple charms of this kind of game.  And the game itself is well designed and all of the puzzles and hidden object scenes functional and glitch free."
76561198194167174,Recommended,320610,18544523,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,mogiewon,"The real person full motion videos are my favorite parts of this game. Reminds me of late 90's nostalgia.As of this review I am still completing the game and It's actually pretty decent. The puzzles are good, challenging, and for the most part unique. Very surprised with this game. The little extra things to find  is a nice touch as well.Great job to everyone who was involved in making this. I tip my hat to y'all."
,Not Recommended,320610,30732979,Posted: 25 March,all,TaoHikerX,"Amateurish, clunky game. Some decent graphics and scenes are ruined by game play and 'acting'. Bonus chapter is very buggy and appears to be unfinishable due to bugs."
76561198017196792,Recommended,320610,24270859,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MiMi,"This is a HOG game, with real actors filmed with green screens added in the scenes. The graphics are very beautiful, animated, colorful and dense; a bit comics style. Some inventory objects are shown in 3D when used. The voice overs are good. This odd mixing of different styles gives an amazing result which perfectly matches the strange and thrilling story.  The mini games are okay and the search scenes are beautiful and fun to search through, with a lot of interactions. Moving around is not intuitive though: to go back to the previous screen you have to click a back button on the UI (the magnifier) and you sometimes have to use the map to move around. The bonus part seems unfinished as the hint system doesn’t work at all but the added zones and the final ending were nice. There are a lot of achievements to unlock and secret stashes of money to find, which are hinted on your map. You can also grab money from the search scenes. All this money is then used to buy items for your collector hideout’s garden: statues, trees, fountains. You access this hideout by clicking on the purse in the lower UI. The game lasted a very decent amount of time for a HOG (around 6 hours, my time counter is off due to being offline for a week). Despite the lack of instructions and sometimes getting lost, it’s still a good game and I do recommend it."
,Recommended,320610,14956097,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,kiminoa,"Breaks a lot of the HOG and point-and-click tropes that I don't especially like (like assuming the target audience only knows what lipstick and thimbles are, and not taking the time to do a really good native-language localization, neither of which Questerium is guilty of). The first person POV is, perhaps notably, gender-neutral.A lot of the HOG mini-games require constructing items before finding them. There's some clever, imaginative plot; definitely more than the average HOG. Great voice acting in the English version. The actual acting is pretty awesomely amusing. Compellingly zen little area to spend ""money"" on a water fountain and garden area. A few of the puzzles are ones I haven't encountered before and presenting me with a nice analytical challenge."
76561198045208825,Recommended,320610,21522857,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Shatiz,"SummaryDecent HOG puzzle game with a laughable story, but okay puzzling. Extra episode appears to be broken. Get it cheap if you’re a HOG enthusiast that doesn’t care about the story. Makes me wish Steam had a “meh” rating rather than just recommend/not recommend.StoryYou play as a detective trying to locate two missing children after a series of seemingly natural disasters has forced the evacuation of a city. The story is okay, pretty standard HOG silliness (the genre is not known for good storytelling) with no real character development either for you or the people you meet. The animated backgrounds look good, while the animations are made with real life actors (ala Tex Murphy). The acting is laughable and makes the story very difficult to take seriously. Though, potentially the over-the-top acting is intentional… so if you like that sort of thing that’s maybe a plus. Personally I mostly found it silly.PuzzlesPretty standard HOGs and mini-games. Nothing really extraordinary or challenging (except perhaps the occasionally poorly written puzzle instruction). Also has hidden collectables.LengthI finished the main game in about 4-5 hours on professional (no hints, highlights etc) with all achievements. Spent about an hour on the extra episode but it appears to be broken."
76561198158004807,Recommended,320610,28767447,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zorinda,"Questerium is a pretty good hidden object / puzzle game. The thing that makes it most enjoyable, however, is the cheesy, over the top acting. I found myself laughing out loud. I kept expecting the guys from MST3K to show up and start heckling the game. The puzzles run the gamut from easy to difficult. Beware, some of the hidden object puzzles have bad clues where the noun it gives you for an object to find is not really what that object is. I missed the ""no hints"" achievement because I had to use a hint to find one of them. On the whole, however, this is a fun game. Play it if you want a good chuckle."
,Recommended,320610,25525661,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,osirish,"First impression of this hidden object game was that it was cluttered. Too many visuals packed into a small space. Getting a little further into the game, however, it became less cluttered and I really started to like the visual style.Second impression of the game was that it had live motion capture with actors, and that rarely bodes well, but Questerium managed to integrate the actors into the game almost seamlessly. The voice acting was reasonably strong, and while the mo-cap wasn't perfect, it didn't detract from the story line.Overall, the game was a lot better than I was expecting and not only tries, but succeeds at introducing new elements into a genre that is void of new ideas. In addition to the live acting, the HO scenes contain a lot of combination of objects to create the object you are trying to find, and most of them have interactive areas that expand the searchable area, i.e. drawers, cupboards, secret panels.There is fast travel and the hint system is good if you choose to use it. The story in interesting enough to keep you entertained, and while it begins with the usual ""missing person(s) with supernatural elements"" that most HOGs use, it moves away from it during the storyline. The HO scenes are well detailed and the puzzles are interesting and fun.It's not perfect, however, and contains some of the usual frustrations, such as having a knife and needing to cut something, but you can't use the knife, you have to find and use a scissors. The biggest negative was the bonus chapter, which was annoying due to lack of direction. Objects found but no idea what they interacted with, and the hint system was broken, which just added to the problem.If you like HOGs, then Questerium: Sinister Trinity HD Collector's Edition isn't going to disappoint (at least until you get to the bonus chapter.)"
,Not Recommended,320610,25738698,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,memanme,The games broken sometimes puzzles won't let you advance and you have to restart the game from scratch.See herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/320610/discussions/0/530649887215413496/
76561198188927953,Recommended,320610,23153691,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,masti_tom,"I finished this today and quite different to what I am used to as most of the Hidden Object games I play you are guided by the hint button, in this one you are not like if someone escapes like professer will say he has gone from here but will not tell you what you are meant to do. In this game you do have to click and back track a bit and some puzzles can be challenging and a bit easier then Melissa K which had you moving objects and solving puzzles mostly. The live actors do a good job and you are kind of wondering who is good or bad and also has the dangers of radiation and interesting storyline different to other ones where your spouce or husband or child is kidnapped. I recommend getting this on sale as buying at full price may not be worth it and you can save some money in the process as well so give it a try if you can."
76561197970078168,Recommended,320610,18317683,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,hermetico,"Good point&click and hidden-object game.Mix of real video and graphics. Looks odd like doctor who, ultraman and alike.Some puzzles are hard.Story is so so."
76561197972076777,Not Recommended,320610,22286304,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Jellycrusher,"It would be one of those many nice HOGs, with meticulous graphics, good puzzles and interesting setting, however there are also terrible voiceovers and even more terrible ""acting"", as the characters are unfortunately played by real people with mediocre acting skills at best. The guy playing the professor is one of the worst I ever seen in games. His character is simply ridiculous and cliche, and his ""acting"" is oh-my-how-exaggerated. Then goes the standard ""mad scientist"" plot which makes me sick - so many times I've seen it. If you're not annoyed by such things, buy this game, however I cannot recommend it with a clear conscience."
,Not Recommended,320610,26216304,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,tharnendil,The game is buggy. I stucked in 3rd location because after inspecting one area I cannot do it again and take the object necessary to proceed. Wasted money
,Recommended,320610,15385929,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Gorman Freedon,"First impression:Sensational! Questerium warps the Hidden Object genre into the 21st Century - finally :-) More interactivity, more 3D, more everything. I am looking forward to a very enjoyable game.Even gamers who prefer other genres (e.g. I'm basically an FPS player) should take a look. The pricing seems ok."
,Recommended,320610,29388662,Posted: 20 January,all,maxcorps,I like this but it's a bit of an oddball game. Acting is a bit much too honestly. Still good HOG and puzzler.
76561198238995764,Recommended,320610,21692925,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,"[Mini4WD] ""GINGA""Technique","fantastic game,,, i love it,,,racomande defenitly"
,Recommended,320610,32569179,Posted: 19 June,all,kattiekat129,Loooong game but fun and nice graphics
,Recommended,320610,29590893,Posted: 30 January,all,Tsuki❤,Well worth the price.
,Recommended,320610,24312130,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Catface,"didn't really rate the acting or voiceovershowever i really enjoyed the game itself, some of the puzzles are kinda obvious, however some of them do make you thinkit is absolutely worth a play!"
76561198219970031,Not Recommended,320610,26476826,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,TpKreeper2,bonus play dont work
76561198038552111,Recommended,320610,28425023,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Phruler,Good game
,Not Recommended,320610,18398060,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ipapotihus,"must of the puzzle I got no idea what to do. Its too easy to get lost in the thing to do. A lot of the point and click game are better than this one, try another one really"
,Not Recommended,320610,23977384,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mykwon,"That is the lousiest and cheesiest hidden object game I've ever seen. Plot makes no sense, logic in using items has left for the day (a lemon to remove rust? Really?) and the FMV is just plain stupid."
76561198083289730,Recommended,320610,20263522,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,lex,"This is definately one of the longer point & click adventures I have played. It features actors (live), has a rather ok plot and gave me a real headache (in the good sense of the word) at the end when I had to play the extra's! The extras are extra hard since there are no clues or hints given whatsover. This is not a bug I guess, I had some troubles as to what-use-where but in the end I found it all. I think the extras were the most challenging and most rewarding when I look back in retro spective.I can seriously recommend this game to all point&click lovers, you cant go wrong with this one."
76561198008914127,Not Recommended,320610,34837620,Posted: 9 September,all,Wuzzerator,"A bit of a toss up as to whether to recommend or not and eventually decided not for a few key reasons:1. The acting is just AWFUL. That could make it funny, now it just makes it tedious. If it had been made in the '90s then I'd understand it, video capturing was a bit more primitive so characters had to gesticulate wildly so you knew it they were talking, but now it just feels like the game developers really couldn't be bothered.2. Because the acting is so terrible, any cutscenes are enormously tedious. Yes you can skip them, but on a first play I thought they'd add to some sort of understanding of the story, so I was left waiting for them to end.3. As others have stated, the puzzles are varied which is a good thing, but the instructions on how to solve are pretty awful. Yes again there is a place for puzzles which don't explain themselves (e.g. Hare in the Hat), but this game has so much else going on that I just don't feel it's worth the time spent on some of them.4. I quite liked the idea of finding the hidden money, but eventually it becomes a bit of a chore to just click everywhere. I also had no idea what on earth I was finding it for at first! Then I discovered my garden I could decorate. It looked quite pretty, but with the very limited selection of items I spent about 30 seconds admiring it and that was it! So much for a pay off.5. As many others have said. It has some good features. The collecting plants adds a dimension. Some of the items are interesting, and there is quite a lot of gameplay. But sadly that does not a recommendation make."
