user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,320820,15868235,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Paullo,"Let me be blunt; Toren is worth playing, but only for a certain type of gamer.If you dislike short games, you'd best keep walking. Toren will take you around two hours to complete, perhaps a little more if you really like to soak up the scenery.If you demand precise, responsive controls, this ain't the game for you either. Toren involves a little combat (pretty clunky) and a lot of platforming (anywhere from okay to very clunky).Art design, world design and character design are where Toren shines. I'm not going to pretend I understood much of the story, but whatever it was I found it pretty intriguing too.If you've read all of this and you're still interested, you might be the right kind of gamer to play Toren."
,Recommended,320820,32806359,Posted: 26 June,all,ShiryaW,"I have uh... very mixed feelings about Toren.It's a relatively simple story told through unconventional (at times quite confusing) means. It's very short (about 2 hours of gameplay to get through the whole story), though you might want to replay it to fully grasp its meaning. There's a lot of things to like about it and a lot of things that are less well executed. I'll start with the plus points, then.The art style is quite charming, especially the 2D cutscenes. There are few and far in between, but props to the skilled artist(s). The music, too, is very atmospheric and relaxing and personally one of my favorite parts of the game. And the story itself, well, if you are fond of allegoric heroic tales, you will surely like this vaguely deterministic commentary on man's hubris neatly wrapped in a warrior princess story.The gameplay itself though I.. don't have many nice things to say about. The animations feel stiff and wonky, many of the textures overlap, the controls made me want to strangle a mountain ox at times (anyone feel me about the ""Mercy"" dream? good god the rage was real JUST JUMP THAT WAY), one time I straight up walked through a wall - it's just the opposite of solid on all accounts. Sometimes the game decides to be a platformer for a minute but the controls aren't nearly tight enough for it to feel like anything but a frantic struggle to keep going. (To its credit, the game does say that it's best played with a controller. I played with a keyboard and got these results, so make of that what you will.) Sometimes it throws in a bit of a puzzle, but none of the puzzles demand you to do any thinking. Although you get a sword and look badass with it, there is really no combat in the game... even the boss fights feel more like extended QTEs. The camera can never decide where it wants to be and can make your movement♥♥♥♥♥backwards. And less significant things like 3 logo screens popping up every time you want to get into the main menu (WHY) or Moonchild not looking nearly like an adult when she grows up (your face changes, believe it or not) don't bother you /too/ much but add to the overall sense of...... nyeh.I am giving the game a thumbs up for one reason, which is I always want to support indie developers. I understand Toren was made by a team of few people with a good idea that turned into a decent game, but a game that could have been polished a lot more and been awesome.Despite my rating, I really am on the fence on this one. It's a hit or miss, 50% from me. Whether or not you will like it likely depends on whether you favor story or gameplay more. Definitely get it on sale, though."
,Recommended,320820,15799792,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Neptunia,"Very Beautiful Art driven game. Toren is at design very simple and basic but lovely atmosphere, music. My only gripe is that it needed to be longer. I'm hoping to see more games like this in the future."
76561197970842337,Recommended,320820,15817157,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Brown Beard,"“Only you can change the path of faith.”Torenis an Action-Adventure, Puzzle Platformer, developed by Brazilian-based developer Swordtales & published by Versus Evil.Toren, Dutch for tower, focuses its gaze on the misadventures of Moonchild, the plot’s female protagonist. Her journey has her ascending a tower to restore some semblance of balance to the universe, all the while re-discovering the nature of her past.With respect to the gameplay mechanics,Torendoesn’t conspire to deliver an enjoyable experience. The puzzles are simple, generic & do not feel rewarding once solved. The platforming elements are equally as generic & can be downright buggy. The combat, while rare in the game, is extremely unsatisfying. There are combat glitches which when encountered merited a suicide in order to progress. The camera & controls didn’t feel fluid even while playing with a controller – the game’s suggested input device.The art style is a flattering backdrop to the story. The game does look downright gorgeous at times, featuring varying colorful environments. Though, there were a number of graphical glitches, including flickering textures. The soundtrack is composed of 23 unique tracks & is fittingly soothing.Torenis peppered with symbolism, mysticism & poetry so much so that much of it fails to enhance the actual plot of the story. You will encounter story-integral mysticism which pulls from several major religious themes. Much of the poetry is divulged through cut-scenes which cannot be skipped & much of it borders on clichéd one-liners.In conclusion,Torendoesn’t seem to have a solitary idea of what it wants to be. It’s a combination of poorly developed platforming, puzzle & combat elements with a unique art style, slapped on what could have very well been a great story. However,Torenis certainly different & worth a look if seeking a title with a heavy mystical bias without the expectation of anything genre defining.5.5/10"
,Recommended,320820,28396809,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,student 20,"The Bad:The game is repetitive. Now, a lot of game are repetitive - the whole of Half Life (an absolute classic everyone should play) is variations on a theme, when you get to gameplay. The same holds true for other incredible classics across many genre: Metroid, any given SHMUP, all the Diablo-Likes ever made (including all the Diablos), the LoZ series, and so it goes.There's a distinct difference between good-repetitive and bad-repetitive. Good-repetitive has strong narrative, vast variation, or an intrinsic value in the repeated mechanic (think Tetris).Toren is pretty awesome, but it doesn't have that - it has Bad Repetitive: the same goal, mechanic, and so on repeated ad nauseum. So why do I reccomend it? Well...The GoodBeautiful. Don't get me wrong - it won't kill your gaming PC. Hell, I can play it on my laptop, which is not... you know, fantastic.That having been said, the design is fantasic, and clearly optimized. It won't kill your PC, but it will look as intended, and that look is great.The controls are perfect for what they're meant for. Never once did I accidentally do something other than what I meant to do. Now, I'm a klutz and I literally can't play Parappa because I can't keep the locations of particular buttons in my head... and this still applied. The controls are as close to perfect as you can get.Also, the intent probably isn't challenge. It's an adventure (akin to the old Sierra games like KQ, SQ, PQ, and AQ), not an action title, and there's nothing in the game that's not pretty clearly meant to be solved within a few attempts.So, what you have (when you get right down to it) is a blend of point-and-click adventure, exploration game, and walking sim. It's interesting, captivating, and, as far as I can tell, unique.If you don't mind a game that's low on action, high on visual art and exploration, and isn't really challenging, then this might be your thing. I know it's mine.4 out of 5, but try to get it on sale."
76561197972142968,Not Recommended,320820,25873418,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Chiken_Sammich,"Toren is the perfect reason for Steam to add a maybe option to recommendations. This is not a bad game by any means, but in the same vein, it's not a great game.It's obvious that Toren takes a lot of queues from Ico, but ends up missing the mark by a good stretch.Pros:Toren is short - About 2 hours to complete.Visuals & audio are well done.Cards & achievementsCons:The story does keep you somewhat involved, but mainly because it's a bit confusing.Some of the platforming can be a little sloppy at times.Price - $9.99 is a bit much to ask"
76561198049048410,Recommended,320820,15801048,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,EneCola,"A very cute game with a female protagonist. You play the Moonchild with the task to shoo away the sun.I have to be honest and say, I really liked Toren. I am not going to spoil anything specific, but in my opinion the story is something to think about. It's told very much like Shadow of the Colossus. Sadly it is very short and still full of bugs and glitches that'll hopefully soon be patched.The music is beautiful, the character design is nice.If you hope to beat up enemies in Toren you'll probably be disappointed, there are next to no enemies. Very little to freely explore, though the surroundings are very lovely to look at. It's very linear. So if that's not for you, you should pass this round.Being adressed as the Moonchild reminded me a lot of Child of Light, you also wield a sword and fight a dragon. You have more puzzles to solve and you have a constant feeling of being alone in the world.My favorite factor was probably the aspect of the rebirth and being confronted with former selves in a way.Ok so to close it up:Positive:+ female protagonist with pretty hair and a sword+ colorful world I wish I could get lost in+ beautiful soundtrackNegative:- short.- bugs that forced me to restart the game- you can't actually get lost in the world. I tried, I'm good at getting lost.So all in all, I like the game, I wish there was more to it because the story is very interesting."
,Not Recommended,320820,29060562,Posted: 6 January,all,Lintire,"Toren is not a fun game to play and I can't recommend it.I wish I could. It's an absolutely gorgeous game, the screenshots don't even do it justice. Palettes pastel and traditional abound, the environments are pushed to their absolute limits and a few of the dream sequences (some optional) are absolutely insane. Character designs feed into that, apart from one brusque fellow near the end who got lost on his way to a different game.An ambient soundtrack that builds into high notes supports all this. It knows when to be silent and when to keep it pumped, it's not an all or nothing approach.The story itself is beautiful, mixing allegory, mythos and literal to such an extent that I don't even want to talk about it beyond what the blurb does. They took the time they had to tell it and ran with it - a 100% playthrough ran me 2 hours, with some time thrown in for card idling.""I cannot free you from this tower, Moonchild. I am only your guide.""- the MageThe problem with Toren is not that it's short (in today's age of eternal backlogs, that's honestly not a bad thing). Or that it's buggy, including a set of hilarious bugs that saw me flying off a cliff at mach speed when I pushed a set of statues. Or that everything clips into each other and it never quite figures out how to put decals on things.The problem with Toren is that it's not fun.Base movement control is jank beyond measure, with the Moonchild being completely unable to comprehend any turn without moving forward, and at its worst controls like a bumper car that half-listens to you, with terrible animation wait times. At its best you're still just waiting for the animations to play themselves out while thinking of all the fun things you could be doing.It's cranked up to 10 during the platforming, where Toren will struggle up every step for a good 10 seconds, float in the air for another 10 seconds, and then recover for a final 10 seconds when you figured out exactly where you need to go and do in their extremely simple levels in about 10 seconds. It's turned up to 11 during the stealth/avoidance sections where you'll just be waiting there for what seems like aeons for the arbitrary wind or petrification beam to just go away and let you continue.To follow the knight's path,you must climb the tower.The Scroll will show you how.- the MageCombat, actual combat, controls even worse than just walking around. Forget hitstun, forget hit sfx, or more than one enemy type, or any sort of mechanical aptitude, you'll limply slap at the mook or the dragon that serves as a sort of puzzle boss.The puzzle is waiting. Waiting for it to charge up a beam or waiting for your ally to catch up to you. The climax of this game turns into a wait-em-up, that ends with some more waiting as your wait for camera angles to change. This is on top of already bad mechanics, a mere 2 hours and Toren manages to feel like it's wasting your time.It's not fun. It's not remotely fun. And it's hard to appreciate beauty in a game when you're not having fun.Harder still to recommend it to others.Toren is a bad game that feels like a dressed up walking simulator. If you really, truly want to see all the pretty vistas and character designs at the expense of all else, then do what I did and buy this. Sale or no, it's only $10 and I didn't regret it. But I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone else."
,Not Recommended,320820,23571745,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Rawr the Dragon,"Toren is an interesting title I picked up while on sale and I have to say that, for as much as I liked the dragon, I still can't get over the fact on the price for gameplay. Feels a little short, controls are sometimes a pain, the scripted feature are burdonsome, and the puzzles in it are.. Okay, at best.The ending itself holds up a bit of a light to wrap it all off, but after that you'll probably be looking back at how hollow it felt and the many times you had to go into the daydream sections.Don't go into it expecting another Tale of Two Brothers."
76561198013047657,Recommended,320820,15801151,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ThatDudesDude,"I don't usually do this type of stuff but I feel like Toren deserves it because it's weird. I say weird because I don't know why I liked it.I completed the game in about two hours, two very good hours mind you, and even now that I've finished it I don't know what it was I just played. Toren is supposed to be a Adventure, platform something dead baby, and it is, except for the dead baby, that I can say for certain. You do some simplistic puzzles that aren't to hard to figure out and they get more clever the further you get into the game. Some puzzles I overlooked that made them somewhat harder, like having to draw a symbol on the ground in pitch black darkness, thing was that I didn't notice was that you could get a god damn torch :/But the platforming and puzzles are solid and fun and you get this very Indie feel as you play the game, character is clipping through everything for one. But aside that I really enjoyed the gameplay and thought it was fun.And that must be the reason I liked the game because it was the thing I didn't expect to enjoy, thus it surprised me. Why I bought the game was not because of some gameplay video, it was because of the story. I don't facking know what the story was, I really don't. I'm more confident in guessing the contents of my friends balls then I am starting to guess the story of this game. Now, this isn't necessarily a bad thing, it's a good thing, it adds replayability if anything. So I may not have understood what happened in my first run through the game, but maybe the second time will yield some results or the third. It's intresting for a game to add replayability through story rather then unlockables or new gear and the like. It could also get boring as you are forced to to the same exact thing over and over again, but since the game is so short I don't see that as a problem.Last thing I want to mention it that I really liked the character model, or what they did with it. The character is going through ""stages"" of human life (Baby, child, teenager, adult) and the model changes when I happens which I find really cool, especially the last one (I have a thing for capes!).All in all, a very enjoyable experience, I'd rather have two really good hours of gameplay and story then having to play ninety hours of things I don't want to do just to reach the end, I'm looking at you Dragon Age Inquisition!I heartly recommend this game!"
76561198086505175,Recommended,320820,17015153,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"My overall rating for Toren: 88/100Clearly amazing game from an inpedendent studio. Swordtales proved us, that even with a low budget, the story can be narrated with lovely elements, tension and epic finale. Another great thing from Brazil! Let's see in a detail this lovely title, which tells us about pride of humanity, punishment for their crimes and a hope hidden within a girl's heart.GAMEPLAY+ Greatly designed platforms+ Reasonably challenging puzzles+ Lovely story+ Lyrical symbols+ Mystic, religion,+ Meditiationso Controller is an advantage- Few texture glitchesIt can be suggestive, that the main goal is to climb upstairs, but there is more in this. Whole story is a parallel to various legends, e. g. The Tower of Babylon, so on the route to release the moonlight and defeat an ancient enemy in form of a dragon, player have to encounter various pozzles, reveal hidden aspects from the story and find out ugly truth full of despair and hope. Puzzles are reasonably tough, they require a little of wits to solve them. Beautiful lyrical ending.I encountered few texture glitches, what is not a big deal. In addition, you can play it on a keyboard, contoller is a bit of advantage, but not necessary.VISUALS+ Reasonably to ist price- Some texture were not purely renderedVisuals are as you can expect from game like this, with a specified budget. Lovely to eye, but some textures would need another rendering and polishing. So far, so good.CHARACTERS+ Fully used potentialso Invincible dragonBasicly, there are three characters to mention here. A girl,  for all of humanity, mage, knight. All of them have their vices and virtues, the second and the third are not playable, but equally important. They will tell us about tragic and failure of our predecessors.I understand, that dragon must last until the end. and it has its meaning, but it might appear a bit frustrating to player, that it survived several mortal wounds.SOUNDTRACK+ Adequately designed+ Lyrical tones+ Great credits songVinicius Kleinsorgen is another composer I started to watch. After this game, filled with sensible, soft music and great credits song, there is nothing that can be complained about. Mariana Coelho did a great performance during the credits song, whatever player seeks, joy, despair, fight or victory, can be found there.SUMMARYI can not understand 58/100 from the Metascore. I admit, that this game requires a specific player to enjoy it, but it can tell something even to players out of the genre and I think, that it deserves twenty more points at minimum.I can recommend it, it is short, yet tells more story than some of hard RPGs. And that is worth a shot."
,Not Recommended,320820,15804074,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Toren has the art style and elements of presentation to amaze: but never truly hits the mark with it. While it overall lacks in gameplay and focuses on story telliing and exploration, the major problem I have it more then anything else is execution. The problem comes in the details of the execution of animations and how it plays within that environment, and coming from a software engineering background, I tend to focus on those execution points (note this for bias purposess). With wings clipping in walls, player movements seeming unnatural, and climbing on invisible ledges, it takes you right out of the experience and loses the immersion factor. For those willing to put up with technical missteps, there's a good story here to follow along with, but the imprecise execution on the game gives it a pass in my book+:Story elements and overall themes early on good: there's a sense of wonder about the world.Art is fantastic. The use of bright colors and details are nice, especially when looked at at the appropriate direction.Music sets the mood quite well.-:Animation quality is awkward, and a lot of clipping issues occur. Takes you RIGHT out of the experience.Bugs as far as the eye can see. Climbing on invisible platforms for one example.Lacks gameplay. Unlike Ico and Brothers and the comparsions made there, there isn't exactly a lot of puzzles to work with here.Honestly, when it comes down to it, it feels like a story write and art director came together to create a vision, but was missing the game designer element from it. In short: it just doesn't work together and the execution of gameplay mechanics is poor.Lacking sound elements from things like enemy hits.Awkward feelings at times, like using the “point to objective/look” button in the wrong spot, where it points you to the middle of space.For more information and gameplay:http://youtu.be/9cTTwGRAlfs"
,Recommended,320820,16881373,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Spider3,"Not an easy game to review.The art, the concept and the atmosphere are something really unique and crafted with care. Even if not with AAA textures the game is giving your a delicious visual experience.The story let you feel something ""deep"", but it's more like an introspection for yourself, other than an explicit story.The gameplay is the weakest part of the game - but if you are not aiming for this, Toren is definitely a (short) game that worths the price."
,Recommended,320820,15806842,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Faith,"*note:  ""-"" is not a minus sign, just a dash sign to signify that I am organizing this review on a point-by-point basis, instead of pros & cons.- Reminded me personally of a cinematic Dark Souls.- This game is very heavily story-driven, with numerous cutscenes, lots of lore, pretty cool quotes and dialogue, and lots of obscurity. For some, these varying points could be plusses or minuses.- I did expect there to be more action-esque gameplay where you fight enemies, but there is only one enemy of which you were really intended to fight (I also expected there to be more enemies to fight.) You fight this enemy a few times, and each time involves some sort of ""puzzle,"" or at least something else that you must do besides hack n' slash.- You are expected to die a few times, I would say.- I was able to do one run-through of the game in about 2 hoursUltimately, I am simply content with my purchase. I'd say I can recommend this game, but be aware of the points I made above, particularly the fact that I, and many others, finished the game at least once with 2 - 5 hours of gameplay, and that it is very cinematic with not very much action."
,Not Recommended,320820,28476963,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,RIFT,"Toren looks pretty.Gameplay, what little there is, feel very lackluster. It has a few basic puzzles and combat is practically non existent. Controls feel clumsy.There is a story but it has little depth. Not enough to fill the void from lack of gameplay.Total game is about 2 hours and 30 minutes. It should probably be noted that leaves half the card drops remaining and the game has no replayability. Overall the game feels rushed/unfinished.I honestly can't recommend this game at all. A shame as it feels like if it was just fleshed out then it could have been great."
,Recommended,320820,15819280,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Loodonius,"TL;DR:Despite being very short and quite buggy, I thoroughly enjoyed my experience with this game. I give it a cautious recommendation.Pros and Cons:+ Beautiful art style+ Amazing soundtrack+ Nice character design+ Interesting story+ Combined, these elements give the game a great atmosphere- 10€ for 2 hours (more for multiple playthroughs) is perhaps a bit much in the eyes of a lot of people- A lot of bugs, at least one I encountered was game breaking- Combat and overall controls feel a bit clunkyStory:To rid humanity of the clutches of time itself, a great wizard built a tower to reach the moon.This angered the sun and it refused to leave the sky, which spelled doom for the wizard and his civilization.You are Moonchild, a young girl imprisoned in the now abandoned tower, forced to climb it and take on its guardian, a powerful dragon, to restore order to the world.Gameplay:The gameplay of Toren is rather minimalistic.At its core, it's a third person adventure game / puzzle platformer with 1-button combat.It feels a bit clunky, but is functional enough.Soundtrack:The soundtrack is beautiful and haunting at times.For the most part it is orchestral with a choir, quite Norse/Celtic sounding.Visuals:The art style and the environments are unique and very nice to look at, tough the often lacking animation quality and the way things sometimes bug out can be a bit distracting."
76561197991760521,Not Recommended,320820,23300478,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,thorisalaptop,"I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't recommend it. It's a beautifully imagined world and a lovely, mystical story, but it is severely hampered by frustrating controls & iffy puzzle design in some places. If it's on sale and you want to play something arty, this isn't a bad way to spend a couple hours, but you could do better.For example:Brothers: A Tale of Two Sonsticks a lot of the same boxes but is a considerably more polished game."
,Recommended,320820,15799473,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,=EGC= Kalell4,"This game is more than it seems.  On the surface it 's a game more involving strategy than force.  As you play the game take what you learn from previous encounters to succeed in the next encounter.  If you fail on a task it places you back to the earlier checkpoiint.  As you play Toren continues to evolve.  I have only played a few hours, so more to co9me.  When I first noticed the game on Steam it reminded me of Alice Madness Returns.  Though now I have played the game it is entirely unique.  That is what takes you to her world, to fight the darkness.  Others have failed will you take your sword in hand to strike to fight for light?"
76561198027738623,Not Recommended,320820,22802788,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,severin44,"An amazing premise hampered by terrible gameplay.Toren is solid at its core; a fantasy world that is well founded and explored in a few short hours. It is a young girl's destiny to climb the massive tower and slay the dragon who has cursed the land with eternal sunshine. She ages as you play, growing in both physical and spiritual maturity in order to accomplish greater and greater feats over time. The game has a beautiful style and characters and the environment look amazing... when not moving.The models in this game look great, but the animations do not. The main character's arms clip into her body, the dragon looks like a hand puppet, enemies cause damage-state animations that you get stuck in... The art of Toren is better ogled from screen shots than experienced first hand, I think.That's not to even mention the gameplay, which I would describe as a sort-of puzzle game. I say sort-of because none of the puzzles are actually difficult to figure out. There is no satisfaction to be gleaned from standing behind statues to avoid wind, or hitting the dragon three times, or lighting fires with flames taken from already lit torches. Any seasoned gamer has seen those mechanics a hundred times, even if they weren't already simple and obvious. This annoyance is further enhanced when they make you repeat some of the ""puzzle"" solutions dozens of times. While hiding behind a statue and waiting the requisite 10 seconds for wind to die down so I could run to the next statue for the 20th or so time, I wanted to scream ""I GET IT!"". I solved this puzzle 10 times in the last chapter, and now you want me to do it 10 more? What am I proving by doing this? It's not hard, unless you count the game's slippery controls and floaty jumps as part of the difficulty. It's just aggravating.Final thoughts:  This is one of those games that begs for a ""It Depends."" option on whether I'd reccomend it or not. It's an interesting fantasy world and game concept let down by a lack of gameplay and polish. If you are into games for the sake of art, give it a go. If you are looking for a game that is enjoyable to play, look elsewhere."
76561198144135922,Recommended,320820,15801134,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Duelist,"Beautiful story, blended with quite stunning visuals. Brings back memories of ICO. A few bugs here and there easy to get round tho. Only downfall is very short indeed. Still a must play if you like something different...."
,Not Recommended,320820,32901881,Posted: 27 June,all,Cold Deck? ...,"The controls are clunky and laggy and really really bad even with a controller. That was the deal breaker for me.I bought it and started playing with low expectations after reading several negative reviews, and while playing I held on to the positives (sountrack, aesthetics, and seeing the girl grow), but that was still not enough for me to enjoy it.It made me smile at the end, a bit because of the ending, but also a bit due to relief of seeing the game was finally over."
,Recommended,320820,15832427,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Hibuki,"Overall, I liked this game. It was short-lived at only 2 1/2 hours playtime but for as short as that was I loved every minute. It was like playing a poem that grabbed It's inspiration straight from ""ICO"". The dreams were a must if you want to understand the story, but it plays just as well without the optional ones too. My only possible complaint was the somewhat sluggish jumping that went into a glide half the time, but I can forgive that just fine. I wouldn't mind seeing a game made from Swordtails again, and would happily play it.9/10"
,Recommended,320820,15821417,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,arsabsurdia,"This game is surreal, and beautiful. Sometimes the right way forward is to die and let those who come after carry on. It is a wise game, in that respect. It is a poem, and it is cyclical. The mythology seeps into you. It is never to be you that succeeds but those who come after. That is what it means to succeed. The daughters succeed. A tale of Yggdrasil, of the moon."
,Recommended,320820,15891220,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Lugazz,"The graphics are beautiful. Not real nor top technology, but beautiful and suits the game. What I really loved was the soundtrack! Amazing! The story is very interesting too.But unfortunately, the game is too short, and a quarter of the gameplay time you will see some bugs, like climbing on invisible ledges and falling off the floor. It also could be less repetitive.Overall, I had a good experience with this game, so I recommend it. But only buy it if its on sale, because the price is high for what it delivers."
,Recommended,320820,15802413,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Nyanli,"Amazing and beautiful game, I love the story too, but i wish it was longer :/"
,Recommended,320820,21986140,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,machinehuntress,"If I had to describe the game in one sentence, it would probably be ""a clunky version of Journey."" Toren is rough around the edges in many regards; May it be the cinematic/animation or the rather cumbersome reaction to a button press gameplay-wise. But at the same time it has also a imaginative, colorful and a beautifully crafted world with a wonderful soundtrack and lore (if a bit cryptic)So despite its flaws, I enjoyed my brief time with it. It is relatively short a game (2-4 hours for every achievement), and certainly doesn't overstay its welcome. I recommend to get it during a sale, if this game interests you."
,Recommended,320820,15808083,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Los Grak,"Pay no attention to the big name reviews out there. This is a beautiful game. A total breath of fresh air in a stale gaming atmosphere. Sure, it's a short game (you'll beat it in two hours or less), but the price point is right for the experience. If you loved ICO for PS2/PS3, you'll really like Toren."
,Recommended,320820,15805238,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Aríate,"I bought the game already imagining that it would not be the most amazing game ever launched or the GOTY. More than an Indie game, the producer, Swordtales, comes from Brazil, a place where game making is on the first steps to maturity.After playing the game for about 2 hours, I can say somethings about it. The gameplay is rather short (1h20-2h is all you need to finish the game) and it's rather clunck and lack some variety. But the ambience and the music are amazing. The graphics, although not next gen are very good and they integrate very well with the music and settings. The story is beautiful, altough I think it need more space and development.What I want to say is that the game needed and should be longer, so the gameplay and the story could develop better. Because of the short gameplay time the story is sometimes confusing what makes you want more information (for better understanding and to know the story better).There are also some little bugs and glitches here and there (mostly visual) but nothing that would block your gameplayPros+Amazing Soundtrack - Music -  9/10+Beautiful Setting and Ambience - Settings and Ambience- 8,5/10+Lovely Story - Story - 8/10Neutral-+ Some visual Glitches and bugs - Game Stability -  7/10-+ Fair Graphics - Graphics -  6,5/10Cons-Short and clunky gameplay - Gameplay - 6/10-Underdeveloped Narrative - Narrative - 6/10Score - 7/10""Buy it or not?"" - Do it! Although it's short, it's cheap and the amazing music, ambience and good story are worth it"
,Recommended,320820,15826623,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Motta,"Toren is a greatachievementfor the beginner (but very talented) Brazilian game industry. A game that is a victory for Swordtales by reaching the end of an ambitious project to anindependent studio(and publish it with a publisher on Steam and PS4). Toren is aninteractive talefocusing on a brief andbeautiful storyabout our passage through life. It has anexcellent art direction and mood, as well as beautiful and poetic texts anda messagethat it pays to be transmitted. I missedmore ~game~in Toren. For me, the game should be what it was during thefinal leveland its outcome. There are technical problems in Toren, like textures and animations, but are completely acceptable because it is an indie project. In some levels, I felt that the design was a little frustrating. Nevertheless, for its price, it is avery fairproduct. The end of Toren is magnificent (also visually) and his message isvery deep. For a game thatis a story, it must be remembered for that and willinspireand be a reference for othermoon childrenin Brazil."
,Recommended,320820,16003225,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,WhimsyPunch,"This game is short but beautiful.  It's definitely a unique experience that had a lot of thought, care, and hard work put into it. The gameplay itself is a little simple, but I definitely still found it worth the play."
76561197997720122,Recommended,320820,15800830,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,The Snake,Felt the game is very strong and very reminiscent of such games as Fable and Legend of Zelda style combat and exploration.Story is strong so far but only around 2 hours through so will have to wait and see what happens.Design is very smooth and the environments are high standard for an Indie developerMade a video on the game if you wanted a visual take on the game :)https://youtu.be/JPXRnv2eex8
76561198079519572,Recommended,320820,32315278,Posted: 10 June,all,OP✺Marimo,"My only complaint, if it could truly even be considered one, would be that I wish this game was longer, or that a sequel be made because it is just that good. I don't have one true bad thing to say about this game, it's graphics, music, storyline, are all excellent. I've played through several times (partly to nab all achievements), but just because this game has so much to offer regardless of how 'small' it may be. Definitely x1000 recommend!! Wonderful purchase!"
76561198067314649,Recommended,320820,16030365,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Beyond Sleepy,"A short sweet game, well worth the money. The art is amazing (if you ignore some technical issues)  and the story is pretty good as well (if you ignore some pseudo philosophy). This game is mostly about mood, so if that doesn't excite you then you should not buy it. I played it with a controller and yes, you should have a controller to play this game, it would be pretty annoying to use a keyboard and mouse. The game mechanics are pretty basic and controls are not as responsive or polished as I'd like, but for the purposes of this game that is a very minor issue."
,Not Recommended,320820,23845462,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Moonmadness,"If you search for a somewhat artistic game with minimalistic gameplay elements that you can finish in less than 2 hours, then this ""game"" is for you. In the other cases... you better do something else."
,Recommended,320820,15807034,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,arendhil,"This game has an amazing non-linear story. If you want to see all of the game you may need to play several times. Some levels have an amazing artwork with a very well placed camera to get the best of all effects. However, some of them still lack some polishing but it doesn't get in your way to enjoy the game.Just go there and buy it. :D"
76561198043465533,Not Recommended,320820,26018953,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,draco_zandros,"Not for me. I didn't get far in the game finding myself frustrated with the controls.Mouse and keyboard control is really difficult and imprecise so trying to play on anything other than a controller is madness.However controller is not much better, the camera has a habit of rotating and as your control is tied to the camera not the character you have to constantly adjust which way you are trying to go.The bit where I gave up involved ""fighting"" with a dragon, I don't know if I was doing it right as feedback is almost none existant unless you complete each section and death is really easy. Dying sends you back to the start of the section but seems to remember the state of the world which actually forced me to restart from check point a few times as I managed to get myself in impossible situations. Having to re-run parts to get back to where I died was frustrating, especially when the camera turns and you suddenly find yourself running or jumping of a path which you was previously running straight on."
76561198028543359,Recommended,320820,28891211,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Leife,"Interesting game as it focuses more on telling a story than anything else. In fact, the game being tagged with action, puzzle, and puzzle-platformer can mislead buyers as there is very little of each in the actual game.If your interested in visuals, linear storytelling and have a few hours of your time (very short game), and a couple bucks (recommend to get product on sale), it maybe enough to give the game a shot."
,Recommended,320820,15819122,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Amniku,"I have to say, this is a great game. Unique story.  I just love it. Instantly fell in love with the game. Thank you.Only bug thus far, Right after the crying statues, I was navigating the jump platforms, hiding from the wind, when it knocked me off the ledge, but I floated, and did not fall, the animation for falling stuck, except I get her legs moving like a gimped zombie, and her arms in the holding sword position, only I no-longer possessed the sword. I tried to cross a log, but it kept turning me around on the other side, and forces me to go back. Maybe due to the animation glitch, or ... well... I at that point reloaded checkpoint, and it fixed it. Then I just quit for now. Still love it."
76561197993443223,Recommended,320820,32881238,Posted: 27 June,all,Geressen,"background and nameToren is a game by a Brazilian develloper funded in part by the brazilian tourism board. it is certainly not the first game I have played which has been funded by a goverment agency of the devellopers homeland but it has been one of the less obvious.earlier games funded by tourism and cultural boards have been set in the countries and history of same, for example cross of the Dutchman featuring a piece of Frisian/Dutch legend and history was funded by the Frisian province of the Netherlands and America's Army is of course well known as being funded by the US army as a recruitment and propaganda tool.However I was unable to perceive an obvious link between this game and Brazil, starting even with the name. I do not know why the game is called Toren, toren is Dutch for tower and the game is set inside and around a tower, however if this is coincidence or on purpose I do not know.  As you no doubt have guessed or already knew I am Dutch myself so this naming stands out to me, it would have made more sense to me if it was called Torre, or whatever word is tower in Portuguese. For Reus (dutch for (a) giant) the name made sense the develloper of that game being Dutch.perhaps that was the intention because I now wonder if I am missing some sort of clue about brasilian folklore and people.controls and bugsThe game opens with a recommendation to use a controller but I am a staunch mouse and keyboard user and encountered no glaring issues beyond mistakes I made myself not checking a direction before jumping wildly into nothing.controller setup [/b[It should be noted that the game starts with the controlls set to keyboard making the action key Z I forgot what the look/camera key was in this setup.. setting the controller setup to mouse and keyboard changes the action key to the left mouse button and the look/camera key to the right mouse button.sections where you have to fill a shape with salt might be easier with a controller but there is no rush, though like an idiot it took me a couple of times to find out you can keep the action key pressed to keep pouring salt.bugsI had several instances in chapter 9 where pushable objects shot out of their designated tracks, dragging me with them to my death in one instance. the main characters hair also clips weirdly through the rest of the character though this might be graphics settins for I did not change any of thoseGameplay and Difficultygameplay is very simple, there is an interact button which sometimes doubles as the attack button and can be used to drag or push objects. a jump button there are some very small puzzles nothing too diffucult and I was able to figure the puzzles and timing out myself quite easily Difficulty goes up in the later chapters when there are small portions with limited time and danger through exposure I wouldn't have minded if they had made some more sections like these.I did not however like the dream sequence where there is very little visibility.lenght and storyI 100%ed the game in three hours though I admit I checked online for some pointers to get all the upgrades and achievements, I did this after I got up to chapter 9 from where I started over from the begining and completed it.the chapters are not long and there are only 12 of them. the last couple of chapters and the payoff are quite nice though.the plot of the story is a bit hard to follow at times but I enjoyed it.in conclusion for the sale price the game is definetly worth it.I appologize if parts of this review are all over the place, low blood sugar."
76561198049027995,Recommended,320820,23527190,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,rustyleeh,"Id recommend this for individuals whom enjoy a well done story more than a well done game.Firstly, its  a unique origin story. Much like greek mythology, this story is a bit of a 'Where things came from'. It does a great job of leading it's viewers through a series of passages and twist and turns. If you enjoy analyzing literature and trying to figure out all it's play on words, odds are you'll enjoy playing this game. It's a interactive story, which if you're driven by curiousity, will likely be fun to enjoy.That being said, I doubt many hard core games will find it challenging. None of the puzzles or mechanics are super interesting. It's a story more than it's a game. Sure there are some times when it will challenge you, but that's more due to game limitations and mechanics than actual mind twisting puzzles."
,Recommended,320820,16019701,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SamSurana,"I'd been eagerly awaiting to play Toren for years, I believe, and it did not disappoint.Mythical imagery, universal lessons, and gorgeous artwork (the end credits are the best I've seen in a game)The only issue is that there is much to be told and expanded; sequel?"
,Recommended,320820,15799570,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ThePeteCrazy,Was pretty good i guess.. a little short tho..
,Recommended,320820,15805837,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,this_is_chris,"NOTE: At the time of writing this, I've only played about 30 mins worth of the game, so keep that in mind.Toren is about the story of a young girl named Moonchild, who is the last hope for mankind. As the story explains, Man sought to end its battle with Time by building a tower, Toren, to the sky and capturing the Moon. The Sun didn't take too kindly to this. It's now up to Moonchild to defeat the Dragon and restore things.Toren is a platformer with little action early on. There is some light puzzle solving (if you could call it that), but mostly it's atmospheric. Again, I've not played much & where I left off, I was in a fight with the Dragon that I lost.You play as Moonchild in three stages; as a baby/toddler, as a young child & then as an adolescent. Early on, you're going to be mostly playing in the young child form, but alternating as the story/memories progress.What Toren does right:- Toren is absolutely beautiful. Similar to Life is Strange, the art style is a bit off but in a charming way. While it looks polygonal, you feel like that was the direction, rather than because they couldn't afford (or had the skillset) to make it look more crisp. I dunno how to exactly word it other than it feels right. The colors are vibrant when they want to be & dull when they're supposed to. It's very amazing how starkly it contrats & gets it right.- The story, so far, is very good. I like that, while it is a rather played out plot, the story itself is quite unique. Plus the storytelling itself is well done. I'm hooked on it.- The ""puzzles"" (again, so far) haven't been too difficult. People might think, ""Why is that a good thing?"" and, I think, this game may be more suited for a younger audience. That doesn't mean everyone won't enjoy some of it.- The music is incredible. I love it. It's so soothing and joyful to listen to, but it also gets pretty good when combat is going on, too. Overall, a very good score.What Toren does wrong:- The biggest gripe I have with the game, so far, is the combat. While there is very little that I've experienced, I'm not a fan of standing still when I swing my sword. Maybe it's because of the form I'm in, but I'm hoping that this changes later on, in her adolescent form.- When the narrator is talking, sometimes the background music will completely drain him out. Now, I get that he's speaking in tongues (I don't think it's actually Brazilian), but I would have rather heard him speak this language, than just the background music.- The jumping animation looks bad. You hover more than anything.- Collision issues. Walked up a flight of stairs and I couldn't proceed to the platform until I took a step back, then forward. Nothing was in my way to hinder me.Score & Recommendation:I'd give this game about a 7 out of 10. I think what it does right, it really does right. The minor things that hold it back - like the collision issues - are nothing a patch or two can't fix. But there are a few design flaws that really make you scratch your head.At its current price, $10 USD, I would say it's definitely worth buying but understand that it is flawed (like any other game, I know). For what it brings to the table, I honestly have enjoyed my little time with it.If anything changes as I play more, I'll update accordingly."
76561198052659306,Recommended,320820,15807741,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,spectrumframer,"Caras, alguém tava fumando umas quando escreveram os textos do velhinho! Ficaram muito engraçados!Sei que a equipe de vocês não é grande, mas com certeza a mecânica bagunçada e os bugs seriam resolvidos com mais beta testers... muita gente teria se oferecido voluntariamente pra isso, mas não sei como ficaria a logística pro jogo não vazar na mídia antes do lançamento.Todos os reviews parecem justos. Um jogo MUITO BOM, que mostra muita personalidade e bom gosto, mas lançado em estágio um pouco adiantado, sem tirarem as rebarbas e isso incomoda o desenrolar geral. Parabéns, tchê!Above is my suport to brazilian gamemakers, Swordtales Team. Now comes the review, tks :-)In a miriad of aways the same franchises and same ideas repeating over and over every year, it´s a breath of fresh air to play this ""little step out of the box"" game. Expect bugs. Not desastrous bugs, but constant things here and there that prevent you from having the delightful experience Swardtales pretended to (and we still are wishful to see). Even so, it is amazing to play this biblical-indigenous-Team ICO-Zelda-2Sons-referencied game and taste such beautiful art and fine BG music, while compeled to explore all the map and uncover it´s secrets. Tip: when you notice something impeding your progress (like the girl doing nothing when she is suposed to leave sand at the floor), go to menu and click in ""Reload checkpoint"".With it´s gameplay problems at the time i write this, it´s a 6/10. Without them (hope in a future patch), a 9/10. Or 5/10 and 8/10, plus 1 for the price. Worth a try, if you are not spoiled with AAA games gameplay."
,Recommended,320820,20764681,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,"From Cracky, with love! ♥",7/10- Short and good - but kinda unfinished.The smallWORLDof Toren has a very well and lovely design. It feels unique in a way that you either love it or hate.TheSOUNDSCAPEis awesome and fits the game and its atmosphere good.TheGAMEitself is short and the story can be actually summarized in one sentence. So you don't get much gametime out of your money.Also thePROGRESSseems kind of odd to me. All of theCHARACTERupgrades i found only AFTER i finished the game and only hunted the achievments. And after i got the upgrades i had no use for them cause the game doesn't progress anyfuther after the short story. You also don't really feel like replaying the game only to pick up the upgrades just because its even without them rather not really challenging.I just feel like the game is way too short and wastes a lot of potential. Recommended anyways if its on sale.
,Recommended,320820,25562666,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,SilentCaay,"Ever wish ICO was about 2.5 hours long, made by an indie studio and you were on drugs while playing it? No? Well now you can experience that, anyway!All joking aside, this game is short but pretty fantastic. Like ICO, it's a hud-less, artistic adventure game with a major focus on story and wonder and a minor focus on combat, platforming and puzzles. Also like ICO, the story is slightly abstract and keeps you one foot out of the loop so you know enough to follow it but still have many questions along the way. I can't really go into detail since it's a short game and the major plot points reveal too much. All I'll say is that it's worth your time.Also, the time passing mechanic where you see your character grow and change over the course of the game is pretty awesome and it really only has impact due to the length of the game. If this were a 40 hour game, seeing your character change once every 10 hours wouldn't be a big deal but because this adventure is somewhat brief you see the changes one after another and it's a lot more meaningful. If you can play this in one sitting, do it.That's not to say it's without issues. It's a little clunky to control but, like I said, the focus isn't on combat or platforming so even if you mess up a bit, it's not like you'll spend an hour dying. You maybe flub once or twice and move on. There are also a few times where it's hard to see due to an overabundance of god-rays or a weird camera angle but, again, it doesn't happen often so it's not that big of a deal. One dream sequence also relies on lightning to light the paths up so you can see and the lightning is a bit too infrequent. Just a few minior quibbles.Overall it's a great game and while some might not want to pay $10 for a 2-3 hour game, make sure you at least grab it on sale."
,Recommended,320820,26381588,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Gunzie,"Toren is a pleasant adventure with a confusing, yet interesting story and some beautiful visuals to boot. While I dont think the developers brought everything they could to the game, I most certainly think they cared deeply for this game and I would love to see them do more like this. A few areas I believe could use some considerable improvement:Controls - movement and combat feels quite stiff. while jumping is crucial to alot of the platforming, It feels a bit too ""floaty"".Clarity - The story is beautiful, however alot of it is very confusing and hard to understand. Part of this is possibly attributed to it being by a Brazilian developer, and written originally in Brazillian, however I can see areas where things could be better explained, either through the narrative or visual storytelling.Overall though is this game worth a playthrough? Absolutely. You will be pleasantly surprised by what this game brings and hopefully the developer has plans to do more like this."
,Recommended,320820,15819298,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,RicardoPetrere,"What to say about this game?Well, it is an indie game, so one can't expect it to be damn polished and fully graphic customizable (I wished it to be, but that may be asking a little too much...)But, IMO, it's a beautiful game.And the most beautiful thing in the game? Maybe the story.The girl doesn't speak at all (and I read somewhere that the ""dialogs"" feel like Shadow of the Colossus, and I agree), but the story is told in parts, building itself through the levels. And it's actually good.As a ""kind-of"" religious person myself, the analogy with Babel's tower (and the description in each trading card, you should read them!) pleases me a little.And as a brazilian, to see a game created here to be this good and be published at Steam is truly satisfying. I hope one day I'll create a game with such care and small details.The game is very short (really short), but at least it's a start. I'd like to see more levels, a tad slower character growing...But anyways, congratulations to the team."
76561198019082772,Not Recommended,320820,33571088,Posted: 15 July,all,emma3924,"Pretty game, but it is seriously let down by poor character control, terrible fixed camera angles and a jump distance which isn't consistent (in a platformer is a disasterous and leads to many deaths). The abilities of the character and the mechanics of the game are also not clearly explained. I was looking forward to playing this game but i'm quite dissapointed now i've played it."
,Not Recommended,320820,25256238,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Domarius,"I'm so disappointed. The trailer for this game promises a sort of ICO / SotC game with it's own story and art style.  It seemed really polished.  I was really looking forward to this.The first thing I noticed is just how unpolished it feels.  Some locations are actually quite beautiful, but angular polygons and blurry textures make everything look either rushed or ameteurish. Toren herself also turned out to not be as well done as she seems in the trailer.  She seems very angular, rough around the edges (3D modelling-wise) and poorly animated.Eventually the very shallow story lost me, it seems like it's spending too much time trying to ""feel"" like Shadow of the Colossus and not actually making sense or captivating you in its own way. Take SotC, you notice he has a dead girl with him and is asking for her to be revived - you're instantly caught up in his story, and hope to see the girl revived.  In Toren, some old dude mumbles (and I do mean mumbles) something about only one special girl can kill the dragon or something.  Alright... whatever you say.  Dragon is just a big meanie, you know the drill, no special motivations or anything.  Oh and something about people being arrogant and building stuff was thrown in there but doesn't seem to have any bearing on whether the dragon came or not.  Seems to be thrown in there to make it seem more poignant than it really is.  If I seem harsh, well, this aspect of the game really makes me cringe.But there are a few really cool stand out moments which were to do with mind-bending puzzles and aesthetically pleasing locations.  I feel they got these individual ""scenes"" right (except for the unpolished modelling) but not the game as a whole.I'm probably going to try and finish it one day out of curiosity and on principal, but I'm not in a hurry, that's why I can't give it a positive review.  I think they had a noble cause but got lost in trying to ""feel"" like SotC instead of trying to make the game compelling in its own right.  As for the artwork, I guess they ran out of time?"
,Not Recommended,320820,29066921,Posted: 6 January,all,Kaká,"Tive uma decepção.Tive muitas expectativas quanto a esse jogo e quanto ao fato de ser brasileiro. O jogo tem uma qualidade gráfica muito baixa para ter uma variação de FPS tão grande sem ter muitos acontecimentos ""pesados"" e presentes simultaneamente, acredito que faltou uma busca por uma melhor otimização; tem um enredo que me parece incompleto, compromentendo inclusive na duração para terminar o jogo; a trilha sonora, os efeitos sonoros e a ""dublagem"" aparentemente foi bem feita; muitos, MUITOS bugs inclusive quando você vai dar um respawn ou apenas saltar de um lugar para outro;  quanto ao tipo de jogo tem um quê de American McGee's Alice e Alice Madness Returns  misturado a outros elementos subjetivos advindos do personagem e do mundo em que se passa (que é bem bacana e me atrai bastante mas ainda sim não foi o suficiente para dar aquela empolgação pelo jogo).Achei que tinha tudo para ser, mas foi nada do que poderia ser.4/10Obs: Se for para comprar, compre com 75% de desconto."
,Recommended,320820,15818399,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Coyote Peterson,"Toren is probably one of the best indie games I have played thus far, and deserves the praise it gets.  I hope to see a pre-qual for this game or any other game like this out of this studio.  Awesome game."
76561198002590795,Recommended,320820,16070539,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Bixo,"i just finished my first run through the story and i'm in awe.Everything is beautiful in this game, the characters, the environment, the way the story unfolds and the way the game is presented. EVERY. THING. IS. BEAUTIFUL.And way i say beautiful i don't mean ""pretty"", as there are a few technical issues from time to time, specially graphic (well, that's what i had, the game didn't crash, freeze or bug in any relevant way, just a few graphical glitches here and there), but rather if you let that get in the way of the experience you will have with this game... well, your loss.The only downside i see is that the game is really short. This is not a problem in itself, i would rather replay this 26 times than play some ""long"" games out there, but left me wishing for more and i was just sad there was no more game for me to explore.That is it, if you haven't already stop what you are doing and go buy and play this game! As for me, i'll try to figure out what i have to do in order to get the last remaining achievements."
,Recommended,320820,24749996,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ObiWannnabe,"A beautiful mess of a game. The art style and colors are gorgeous, the music set the mood perfectly, the narrative is compelling -- and the gameplay is clunky as hell. The controls don't work very well, and it's often hard to know what to do next due to some poor design choices. Play only if you can overlook the serious mechanical flaws in order to enjoy the visuals, music, and story.(I couldn't get the game to work with an Xbox One controller, but an Xbox 360 controller worked fine.)"
76561198058442504,Recommended,320820,21280082,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,motheaten,"What do you get when you throw ICO, the Tower of Babel and a budget of about £15 into a big indie developer pot? This, apparently. Toren is a short little platformer that clearly favours style but manages to get a decent portion of substance in with it. You play as a girl running, jumping and stabbing her way through multiple lifetimes in pursuit of a particularly satanic dragon, in the hopes that doing so will make end the endless day scorching the world into a lifeless husk stop.The first thing you will notice is that the graphics aren't pretty, in fact in some places they're downright ugly. Only some, though. I've always felt that atmosphere and a coherent style are better than bland hyperrealism, and for the most part the art direction makes up for the flat textures and uncanny-valley faces. There are some cutscenes in a sort of painted style that were freaking lovely though, and it's a shame there weren't a few more. The controls could be tighter, sometimes feeling like momentum is building from nothing, but only once did I die as a direct result of them. Still, for a platformer, they're serviceable at best. For the obvious lack of budget, I only found one actual glitch, involving clipping through the floor in a very specific spot after some very panicky swordplay. People have reported achievements not showing until after you exit the game, but the devs have confirmed this was intentional, so as not to break immersion.I did have a good time with this. There are some very gorgeous-looking parts and the story leaves enough mystery and room for interpretation while still having clear goals and narrative. I loved the reincarnating, it's that rarest of things in ""artsy"" videogames: a good idea actually executed well. It's all held together with gameplay that's compelling enough to keep you moving forward. It won't be for everyone; the length in particular I imagine will be a sticking point for some people and if that sounds like you I'd wait for a sale. But it's a nice little thing put together with love and technical competance, and that's all I really want at the end of the day."
,Recommended,320820,26812135,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GatthewMore,"Pros: Art, deep lore, unique, amazing musicCons: 2-3 hr game"
,Not Recommended,320820,15823807,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Wasabi Ice Cream,"A beautiful game hugely inspired by Ico. Unfortunately, the great visuals don't translate to great gameplay.The game is about 2-hours long, which is not worth the $9.99 price tag.The combat (the little there is) is extremely weak, and at times boring.Animations were buggy. I got stuck and was forced to restart several times.You can skip all of the items and abilities, and still finish the game. Zero incentive, or reason, to obtain them.The story is told poetically, and metaphorically, which, for me, made it very difficult to follow.A total of 2 pre-rendered cutscenes are shoe-horned into the game, which don't match the graphical aesthetic at all.As much as I loved Ico, this game pretty much takes mechanics straight from that game, with ZERO of the context.I can't recommend this game to anyone. Just go play the masterpiece that is Ico."
76561198097590064,Recommended,320820,16253755,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/tukdream,"I recommend this game for those who want to play a short and amazing philosophy story. If you expect too much from graphics and mechanics, do not buy Toren or wait for sales. I liked it pretty much, because I expected a good story with nice philosophy in it. Game mechanics were enough to me, but not outstanding, since sometimes this make it difficult to play the game. Overall I would give a 7/10."
,Recommended,320820,16215366,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Was it a Banger?,"A short but entertaining and beautiful story, that should be experienced by all."
76561197963534225,Recommended,320820,15820466,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Civil,"i really liked, a good Experience in gameplay"
,Recommended,320820,15820158,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,黑神,"To be honest I enjoyed the game, but I beat the entire game with getting all the achievements in about 3 hours, I wish  I could give a neutral review. I wished there was more content to the game, the only other problem is the graphics glitches they don't really affect the game(or at least for me). One thing you don't really see in this game is things being spoonfed to you, unlike a lot of games out today."
,Recommended,320820,16135804,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,The_Jackal,"Toren is an absolutely wonderful game, the art is superb, the story is beautifully written, and you really create a connection with the character.I believe Toren is a very important step  in the right direction when it comes to indie games in Brazil, Brazil has been one of the biggest games market in the world for quite some time,  and it didn't have (still don't, honestly) a strong developing community, I certainly hope that this new generation will bring light into the brazilian market, and games like toren and chroma squad are the beginning of it all.Anyway, I definitely recommend this game, it might be a little short, but its undeniably worth its price."
,Recommended,320820,24271821,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Apo,"This game is stunningly crafted - but it lacks polish. I'd recommend it to anybody who doesn't mind a few clunky, unrefined parts of a game or a lack of incredibly high-fidelity graphics.Pick it up on a sale if you can't swing a £7 pricetag for a beautiful, rich, story and a stunning sountrack with breathtaking art."
,Recommended,320820,15815385,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,SIDUS_X,"I'm enjoying this game a lot. I've finished twice so far, going to play a third time already!You may say this game is a little short, but I think it's fine. A real piece of art I would say.I'm looking forward for a second title. Please make it a franchise!Pros:-Stunning environment/art;-Amazing sound effects/tracks;-Good gameplay, pretty solid.Cons:-Some minor issues like motionless character after few cutscenes (reload to last checkpoint and you're good to go)."
,Not Recommended,320820,29174287,Posted: 10 January,all,Yirg,"5.5/10Actual playtime: About 4 hours*+ There are many aspects of the game that are beautiful to look at, even the credits at the end (I'm trying hard to look for positives).+ The setting is different from other games, and this in itself makes it interesting. It was alluring enough to make me buy the game just looking at the screenshots, and it does carry into the game while playing.- Controls are really bad. To make matters worse, the game has issues with many controllers. My Xbox 360 controller isn’t detected; the Steam controller is detected but the protagonist limps instead of walks. Only my 15 year old Logitech RumblePad 1 works fine.- The camera frequently uses long shots where the protagonist is too far away, or angles where she’s hidden behind objects. In some cases the camera looks down instead of straight. There’s no effective way control camera angle.- The most frequent puzzle in the game involves pouring salt over specific shapes. It’s not interesting, and in combination with the bad controls it’s just annoying. Even worse, in one part of the game, these puzzles need to be done in the dark, with only an occasional flash of light. This is the most annoying puzzle I’ve encountered in a long time.- Graphics use low number of polygon and low detail textures, both of which give the game a rather outdated look, as if it was released in 2005 and not 2015. There are also some graphic glitches - e.g. the protagonist can fall through what looks like solids rock, can bump into invisible walls, and when she climbs something, the action doesn't always match surface- I didn’t find the story too interesting, maybe because the game is overloaded with spiritual/philosphical bits which just went over my head. Some of them don't even stay on the screen long enough for me to read.Not the worst game I played this year, but not one I would recommend unless it's in a bundle.* Playtime clocked by Steam is longer than actual because I left the game minimized while away."
,Recommended,320820,16006273,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Kdoublesharp,"I adore this game.  The story is rich and beautiful and the sound design is absolutely engrossing.  Unfortunately the game is both very short and very easy, and the graphics sometimes look like something you'd see on the Nintendo 64.  Nonetheless it's a beautifully engaging experience and a wonderful first effort from this Brazilian design studio.  I can't wait to see what they do next."
,Recommended,320820,15931053,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Rinera,"This little third person puzzle/action game is fairly mixed in my opinion. The visuals are great and the gameplay is not terribly bad. Keyboard controls can be classified as bad and I can imagine that even controllers can have issues with the automated camera, but there is a lot of room for errors so you can let it slide. The puzzles are childishly easy but even if you fail, the checkpoints are plenty.The major flaw is the story though. The trailer and the description here on Steam explain more than what the game does which I found to be a huge flaw. There is an interesting story to be told somewhere in there, but your interest might have died even before the intro ends.How can your interest die from just the intro though? Well, the quality is terrible in the opening of the game. It felt rushed and had some terrible animation sequences and straight up boring narration. It gets better soon enough after that, but for such a sort game I would have expected better overall quality for that price tag.But still, it wasn't the worst thing ever. It's a fun little adventure that could almost classify as a fairy tale.. with a lot of emphasis on ""almost"". A kid would have been bored to death playing this."
,Recommended,320820,15935849,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,citriccenobite,"I haven't played a game like Toren in quite some time. I don't expect to for quite some time, either. It's quite the experience.Toren's story, atmosphere and music are stellar and I wish more games could take the approach that it does to weaving its narrative. Hinting at what's really going on with the world while leading the player to find out, it did a great job of hooking me into the story. The graphics, while not super hi-def, are very, very pretty. And the MUSIC, dear god. (If you're going to buy this game, do yourself a favor and get the soundtrack too, ESPECIALLY if you like strings.) All elements of the game's presentation work together to create a world that's captivating. I think my favorite part were the dream sequences, each of which had its own feel.The game, while I enjoyed it, is far from perfect. The controls are pretty janky, and if you want to play the game without wanting to stab yourself in the face it's probably in your best interest to get a controller. I also encountered a lot of glitches while playing. (The most memorable one of these was when I picked up my sword right before getting killed by the dragon, and then every time I tried to use it thereafter it flew off into the air somewhere and you could see it wiggling around in the air while I apparently tried to punch the dragon to death. I had to reset.) Both of these issues are frustrating setbacks and had me pretty annoyed.However, I'd still recommend this game. It's really something, and I don't regret playing it."
76561198064875263,Recommended,320820,15819278,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,delita,"Great atmospheric game, very little gameplay.Not a full adventure, more of a myth-based vignette. Charming for what it is, but it feels incomplete. Buggy, too, I accidentally skipped having to open a door by jumping through it.From an artistic stand-point I don't see any reason for this to be a game rather than a movie, and so it doesn't meet my standards as an art-game. The symbols are pretty obvious, and the overarching story isn't complex, just obfuscated by the way it's told.If you're looking for a 2 hour experience and a bit of mythology, this is a good pick up. If you're looking for a story-based puzzle game, or a piece of transendental art, look somewhere else."
,Recommended,320820,15825756,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,RobinEgberts,I really enjoyed playing this game. The way the story unfolds feels very organic and all of the scenes are gorgeous.I don't have to best computer but this game ran very well on it even with all the shadows and stuff.I did encounter a little weird thing; I managed to walk somewhere and I don't think I was supposed to go there since I couldn't walk further nor back. I just reloaded to the last checkpoint and was good to go.The ending was very awesome and the boss battle was very uniquely designed I have never seen this before.For 10 euro's and 2-3 hours of your time this is definitely worth it.
76561198007616240,Recommended,320820,15804516,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jaTobexx,"""It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves.""Graphics, environments, soundtrack specially the story telling are simply gorgeous and amusing to play. If you experienced the game ICO in the past, or even Legend of Zelda, Journey, make sure to check this astonishing game developed by Swordtales.As the game says, play as the Moonchild and help her discover her purpose. from a mere infant to grown woman creating new mechanics and challenges for each learning process and phase of her life.I highly recommend this adventure to every human being.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xZeSNH72Cw"
,Recommended,320820,15813199,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Biggu Bosu,"So beautifully frustrating and yet so frustratingly beautiful. If that even makes sense.Toren is one of those games where you get so frustrated with it as a whole that you start to keep telling yourself to quit, but the complex yet unintelligible charm keeps you going on right until the very end. Buying the game? Disappointment with no regrets. It's an adventure indie game, with the action without the action. The puzzles aren't even puzzles, but they can't not be called puzzles.All in all, very philosophical, very artsy. Story of a child who dreams and fights a dragon on a tower, yet it's near impossible to explain. It's a short and sweet experience, and that's a good thing."
76561198049286650,Not Recommended,320820,28865984,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MechGodzilla,"Do not recommend it because it is not worth the listed price of 10 bucks. Finished the game in 1h and 30 mins. Time wise, it would've been shorter, but bugs and horrible camera angles caused issues.Gameplay was repetitive and not fun. Extremely easy ""puzzles"" that just take too long to execute. EXTREMELY linear game. Not much to do exploration wise.Storywise, it's predictable. It's easy to guess the ending to the story straight off the bat.Old man Merlin tells you to save the world from a dragon-bull because he's too lazy to get off his old♥♥♥♥♥to do it. You die a lot and, for some reason, can't hold onto your sword. So, you spend the game wishing you had one of those wii-mote wristbands attached to your sword so it'd stop flying out of your damn hands. You spread some salt around for some reason and little wannabe zerglings fly at your face. Eventually, you save the world... but without your sword in your hand... because you lost it... again..."
,Recommended,320820,16146571,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Fauno com Labirintite,"The artistic portion of this game is amazing. I say this because even with some technical problems (like not having exactly smooth frame rates in a system mostly above recommended specs), some glitches, and, in my opinion, some awkward lighting and weather effects (at least for today's standards), this game really sucks you into its atmosphere, symbologies and references, all of that with skillful subtlety and delivers a very touching tale. Isn't this the role of any art form? To resonate or promote some kind of change into one's soul?"
,Not Recommended,320820,26465365,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mumeiro,"Toren is very short, only about 2 hours. Graphically it is unimpressive, but aesthetically neat. The story is interesting but ultimitaley shallow. Gameplay is even more shallow. You can move, jump, look, and attack/interact. You can only attack at certain points in the game. During ""dream"" sequences you usually just have to avoid the enemies. Also there are only two enemies (three if you count a stag you see), which makes the one minor enemy that much more annoying.The game suffers from some minor glitches. Nothing game breaking.The best part of the game is the music. If you're at all interested in the game get it on a sale."
,Not Recommended,320820,35314838,Posted: 29 September,all,Ravenize > *,"Toren comes off as a small tech demo for an indie group messing around. There's not much in terms of story, gameplay, graphics, or sound. There's really not much of anything.While some of the sequences are kind of interesting the first time through there's simply nothing significant enough to be memorable. This is mediocrity in a small package. It's semi-disappointing because I think some of the core concepts could've been turned into something good. But they needed more...imagination to come to life.Toren feels like a final to a semester long game development class, not something people should be spending money on."
76561198024639998,Recommended,320820,26840772,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zio Topomouse,"A very peculiar and interesting game. The story and background of the game are hinted, not explained, but what the player can see paint a very good picture.The game is the correct lenght for what it is, but it is objectively short, so buyer beware."
76561198022953240,Recommended,320820,15817068,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Little Boy Nithipong,"Toren : ดินแดนแห่งศิลปะและความเมา(8/10 A)ผมเป็นคนที่ชอบเกมที่มาจาก greenlight มาก ครั้งแรกที่เห็นมันบนหน้าแรกของ store ผมไม่รีรอที่จะซื้อมันมาเล่น (สาวกเกมอินดี้)ตัวเกมจะออกแนวไปทางแฟนตาซีจ๋าๆ ให้ความรู้สึกที่แปลกดี(ตอนออกแบบมึงต้องเมาเนื้อแน่) ซึ่งมันดีอ่ะ การออกแบบตัวละครฉาก และบรรยากาศทำออกมาได้น่าขนลุกกว่าที่คิดผมค่อยข้างจะใส่ใจกับ art ของเกมนะ โดยร่วมเกมนี้ทำออกมาดี ให้ความรู้สึกเหมือนเกมอย่าง shadow of colossus มีปริศนาและกลิ่นอายแบบ icoภาพ : ทำออกมาสวยดี แต่ไม่ถึงกับประทับใจอะไร เห็นกราฟฟิกครั้งแรกผมว่ามันสวยดี แต่พอมองไปนาน ก็รู้คิดว่า เอ..ภาพมันเหมือนพวกเกมบน ps2 เลยนิหว่า555ปริศนา : ทำออกมาไม่ซับซ้อนอะไรมาก ส่วนใหญ่จะเล่นกับไหวพริบกับเรามากเสียกว่าข้อเสีย : bugs มีให้เห็นชัดเจนเกินไป เช่น เดินๆอยู่แล้วก็ตกฉาก, ปุ่มที่มีจำนวนจำกัดแค่สองปุ่ม(ยกเว้นWASD) แต่ยังดีที่เขาเตือนไว้ตั้งแต่ต้นเกมว่า ใช้ controller จะดีกว่า,สรุป: ผมถือว่าโอนะ ถ้าคุณชอบอะไรที่มันแฟนตาซีมาก กับข้อความแฝงในเรื่องหา ผมว่ามันโอเคเลยที่เดียวป.ล. เกมสั้นมาก ถ้าใครคิดว่าเนื้อยาว ก็ขอเตือนไว้ก่อน"
,Recommended,320820,21100796,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Izamito Vodquilla Carpaccio,"A short, sweet fairytale-like game.The game isn't very long, and clocks in at about 2/2,5 hours. What it does do though is captivate you for the whole duration. It is an engaging and beautifull fairytale.The graphics are so-so, but do just fine for the feeling of wonder and curiosity. The soundtrack and sound design is very pretty though.The game has somewhat sluggish controls, but nothing that should put you off the game."
,Recommended,320820,15897649,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Greytega,"Yes this game is very short. But this is how I believe Indie games should be done.Solid Visuals, Solid Gameplay, Solid story.Really Enjoyed it, easily worth the asking price.I Definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,320820,21432409,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,caubert,"First of all I stronly recommend you not to play this game with Steam Controller. It randomly get's stuck, controls will not work and so on. Alas, that's it. Brazilians have made an astonishing game. Visually and storywise a masterpiece. The controls and gamera seems clunky at firs, but you will get use to it. Also there's nothing much to do, just run around pretty linearly and do simple tasks. But the story, the deepness and abstraction of it just will win you over. And some things are hidden also here to get all Steam Accomplishments. So this is a game I full heartedly recommend you to buy when it's on SALE. 7/10"
,Recommended,320820,20447212,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,apoisonedgift,"This game is wonderful. It's beautiful aesthetically and conceptually. It might take a bit of thinking to piece together the narrative, but it's very nice if you put the effort in. It may look a little dated, and running on the Unity engine makes it feel a little clunky at times, but that doesn't matter. It feels very much like a spiritual sequel to Shadow of the Colossus and anyone who likes unique experiences should really give it a go."
,Recommended,320820,15853868,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Baddie™,It's a short story but well presented. It's almost like Dark Souls meets Alice Returns.Pros:Nice MusicClean GraphicsArtistic StorylineCons:EasyLimited gameplayNo real monstersOverall enjoyable if not short. Would like to see a sequal with more money pumped into it.Score: 7.5/10
,Recommended,320820,15832617,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,El Chupacabra,Like a sweet dream.
,Not Recommended,320820,32825504,Posted: 26 June,all,Kailyr,"Little girl death simulator wan*.This game, half of which is cutscenes, is a 2-hour platformer with a terrible camera and even worse controls. The story, or lesson, if there is one, is impossible to gauge under all the pseudo-philosophical bull**** the game throws at you. It tries too hard to be something mystical and mysterious and instead comes off as pretentious and boring. Unskippable cutscenes/credits and an 'exit game' button that only takes you back to the main menu only serve to further the already-quite-frustrating experience. There are bugs/glitching, clipping issues, and to top it off, the steam achievements don’t register until you quit the game. If the game is anything less than 75% off, it’s almost certainly not worth it.I want to like the game, I’m sure a lot of work and love went into it, but it is a truly painful experience to play."
76561198077348744,Recommended,320820,16748131,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Raen,"Toren is a beautiful game. Beautiful setting, beautiful atmosphere, beautiful music.Sure, the graphics aren't top notch, but a game doesn't need to have photorealistic graphics to be appealing.For 9.99€ you get approximately 3.5 hours of gameplay. It isn't that much, but considering the work and love that was obviously put into it, it's well worth it.I only encountered one bug that happened when you did something in the wrong order. Just make sure to always press the look-button to see your next objective. Other than that, it's pretty much bug-free. Especially considering it's an indie-game and not some AAA title that has more bugs and crashes than content (yes, I'm looking at you, AC Unity).The only thing that is a bit annoying is the controls. You need to wait for Moonchild to turn before you can move, which can be annoying at certain places - without wanting to spoil anyone, I say only figures and salt. She tends to lock into rails if the game wants you to go a certain path and also tends to lock onto ledges.However, while this can be annoying, it isn't that problematic."
76561197980156403,Recommended,320820,33887490,Posted: 29 July,all,Csta,"Cool little fairy tale type game. I finished it in about 3 hours. The gameplay was a little rough what with the gnarly camera angles. The graphics were beautiful, but imperfect in places. Very pleasant music. Good storybook type story that was well integrated into the gameplay. All around a pretty decent experience. I could, however, understand why some people wouldn't be pleased with it. The game does have its share of flaws. Still, I'll give it a 7/10 and recommend it when on sale.------The Steam achievements are easy to 100% too!... if you're into that sort of thing like I am."
,Not Recommended,320820,33965666,Posted: 2 August,all,rpfolse,"What a weird game. I'm still not sure what exactly it was trying to be. Anyway, what it ended up being was not very fun.Despite taking only about 2 hours to complete, it just felt like it dragged on and on, presumably because every single thing the character did took 2-3 times as long as it should have. The platforming and action/adventure type elements were all really unresponsive, tedious, and repetitive. It had a little bit of puzzling, as well, but the puzzles were trivial. It wanted to reward exploration, but made the exploration so boring and tedious that, and the actual rewards for doing so so useless, that it wasn't worth the effort.Now, I could maybe forgive all that (more or less) if the story was worth it. See, for example, To the Moon for a game where I easily forgave the missteps in gameplay to be able to watch the story unfold. But this story was convoluted and confused. It got too bogged down in mysticism and symbolism and ended up just being vague, lacking any real emotional connection with the player.The one thing this game had in spades was imagination. The visuals were a bit of a clunky mess, but underneath that clunky mess was some absolutely stunning imagery. The sound design was alright, atmospheric but unobtrusive.It's really hard to recommend this game, but if you feel like you could slog through a couple hours of tedium just to see some nice surreal images (and can get it for cheap), I'd say go for it.4/10"
76561198194459855,Recommended,320820,34747984,Posted: 4 September,all,PhibesX,"My bf got this game on PS4. I've finished it on that platform first and liked it so much, I decided to get a copy for myself here.The major problem with the game are the controls, which can be infuriating. Still, it's a good game and I'd definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,320820,32959783,Posted: 28 June,all,Snufkin #Ged Sparrowhawk,"This game is the first game I've ever experienced the emotion called ""love-hate"". The game has a lovely, fairy tale-like story, awesome symbolysm, lovely soundtracks but really god-damn enraging controls. It may be a nice choice to buy in discount (So, it can be assumed that the game does not deserve its inherent value set by the company, yes) and play after a tiring session of work (just as I did), to relax your mind and enjoy a fairy tale.I grade this game as 70/100."
76561198000746492,Not Recommended,320820,34218781,Posted: 13 August,all,lavvyan,"Surely the negative reviews were exaggerating, I thought.Surely, the controls can't be that bad, I thought.I was wrong.What little I saw of the game in the 70 minutes I tried to play it was, if a little rough, quite enjoyable. The plot came across as somewhat disjointed, but maybe it would have made sense eventually. The premise certainly seemed promising, and there was a casual creepiness to the setitng that appealed to me.Sadly, the controls really are that bad. Running, jumping and climbing are possible, if you hit the right angle, but the fixed camera and especially the limited camera rotation make progress impossible at times.I mean that literally; at one point, I'd lost sight of my character completely. First a wall and then a tree were in my line of vision, the camera pointing the opposite way of where I was trying to go. I had to die and respawn to fix the camera drama, but sadly, upon returning to where I had to go, the game froze entirely. Lather, rinse, repeat.After four times of finding myself stuck in the same doorway, I gave up.No dragon-slaying for this girl."
76561198034264047,Recommended,320820,15906811,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Hebi,"Designs are bad, but it's for me the only bad point of this game :the controls are easy to take in handsand the scenario is so amazing..."
,Recommended,320820,25383156,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,StarscReen,"This game is by far not perfect but I enjoyed it enough to be able to give a thumps up with a clear conscience. If you like strange & mystic stories and can overlook some of the cons, you should give this a try.Cons:- pretty buggy (e.g. small enemies flickering) but I didn't encounter any game-breaking bugs- graphics are not the most beautiful- it's not always clear what you should do- controls are a bit clunky- short playtime (2-3 hours)Pros:- interesting and enjoyable story- nice level design and environments- artistic graphic style- character growing from childhood to adulthood the further you progress is a nice idea- dream sequences are a nice idea- good narration and atmospheric sound- not too difficult, no frustration arisesNeutral:- some backtracking, but personally it didn't bother me"
76561198007258637,Recommended,320820,15809968,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,DR GOO,"An enchanting emotive tale beautifully rendered and at times thought provoking. Would have liked to have spent more time in this world, took 2 hours to finish, but I must say it was quite addictive and will be getting another playthrough but will be taking time with it this time.Look forward to more from the developer and hope they don't stray too far from this type of gameplay, which was reminiscent of the likes of ico. The statues where Moonchild had failed in past attempts was poignant, and at times you find yourself thinking ""yes, nice touch"" with unexpected game and art design.At the price of a couple of pints, well worth the experience."
,Not Recommended,320820,27648153,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Whisle,"I wish i could give a mixed rating. While i somewhat enjoyed the game, it has a lot of problems. While those could be fixed, the developer didn't update the game for over a year. This fact and the 'jankyness' of the game are why i tend to the negative review.Toren is an (action-)adventure game sometimes and a third-person walking-simulator at others. You are thrown from sequence to sequence with a hint of a story that doesn't make all that much sense in the beginning. You climb a tower by walking and jumping around. There isn't much substance to what you're doing. The artstyle and the music are beautiful though.Strangely enough i enjoyed the last parts and the ending of the game the most.Sadly the game gets bogged down by a myriad of things. It feels like it's in beta and needs way more polish. All of these problems could be fixed.The animations look silly and janky most of the time. Your jump is floaty to the point where you at one point are slowed to a crawl but still can/MUST jump 4 meters from a standing position. There are points where you have to jump somewhere which looks like you can't reach it - but in the middle of the jump the game boosts you upwards so you can make it. The main antagonist looks menacing at times but plain silly at others.The graphics themselves are pretty blocky with washed-out textures.Your weapon is sometimes as big as you and sometimes it's the size of your arm.There is a dark sequence where you can only see where you have to go when lightning strikes. But the screen lights up for such a small amount of time and the lightning-strikes are so far apart that you can't make out anything. Also, the camera-angle changes all the time. It got to the point where i just took a screenshot to find out where i had to got.The advertised 'rich puzzle-solving' translates to pressing X at one spot so you can press x at another. Example: There are 3 torches, 1 is lit. You have papyrus in your hand (and you are told to burn it). You go to the lit torch, lit up the papyrus and light the other 2 torches with it. Done.The necessary subtitles (i think they speak in a made-up language) sometimes are on the screen for way too long and sometimes they are gone extremely fast. (There is a textlog though).The combat while existent doesn't feel good.The camera sometimes shows great angles and sometimes mangles it completely (i'm looking at you, MERCY...).If you can look past all of those problems and are still interested - grab it while it's on sale! Otherwise: you aren't missing much."
,Recommended,320820,33076916,Posted: 1 July,all,webanck,"If you don't expect difficulty and think you can see beyond some flaws in controls and 3D meshes/rendering, go for it.It is a short (2 hours) but beautifull story."
,Recommended,320820,16253750,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,PYROMANT|C,"Toren is a game that's scarred by its ambition, attempting to reach for much greater heights than it finally ended up achieving. Whilst the final product is most certainly playable, and for small sections quite enjoyable, its below par graphics, simplistic mechanics and frankly horrendous control scheme mar the better aspects of it significantly. The soundtrack is by far the stand out component of Toren although I can't help but feel that the game would be that much stronger if some of the effort dedicated to crafting that was directed at the game play and story development. For a studio that's never released a game before it's a good first attempt however I hope they take the lessons learned from Toren and apply them to their future titles as there's every opportunity for them to make a great experience if they do.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2015/06/08/toren-a-moonless-world/"
,Recommended,320820,28259414,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Ephiros,"One of the best games I have ever played!Despite being a short game ( you can rush the game to the end in about 4 hours playing if you don't explore and just follow the main plot ), it is a beautiful and amazing play... you'll be overwhelmed by the beauty that surrounds you... not only the scenario, but the sounds, the lights and the soft gameplay. The story starts as a little mistery to be developed into a beautiful plot, which will make you play non-stop... it'll not be a clear story, it's mostly a hinted story, hence opening to infinite possibilities.I must say, I wish I can see more from Swordtales, they got me really stunned with this amazing game. I definetly recommend this game, specially since it's not expensive. Anyways, great job on this one!"
76561197967619213,Recommended,320820,29272788,Posted: 15 January,all,Shrike,"really solid but short rpg with some easy platforming and puzzles, I highly recommend it and people really should give it a go, it's one of those titles that has fallen underneath the utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that fills the steam pages now, do yourself a favor and give it a go.- controls are pretty easy to use, it does strongly suggest a controller thats what i did and it was just fine had a good time.- it was smoothe as butter in the performance department for me.- might even spark some emotions in some people.- the story somewhat vaguely driven through a dead guys narration was pretty interesting.- how they approched deaths in the game was quite different and worked well with the story.- has almost fable like style ascending the tower and growing older to fulful your destiny.- has a very cool art style and would love to see move of it.dont have anything negative to say about the game really just give it a crack"
76561197988261569,Recommended,320820,28211883,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,itburnsburnsburns,Nice Game with some bugs and a annoying end battle.Play it if you like this kind of indie Games and the price is below 5 EUR (rather 2-3 EUR would be appropriate).It makes a very close recommended (5.0001 out of 10).
,Recommended,320820,26365229,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Snowmind,"Torenis one of these indie games that once you finish it, three things pop into your mind all at the same time. One, wow but was that it? Two, what was that all about?? And finally, no way I'm playing this again, even though it was kinda touching and impressive overall (frustration over).Torenis one ofthese games, that you have to try it out and either you love it or hate it! A visual novel with action or perhaps a short adventure with a visual story. Emphasis on visual, cause this experience felt like a walk through a psychedelic dream or better someone's nightmare. Definitely someone somewhere was on drugs when envision Toren, as it felt like one of these trips when you are high.The game itself is just under 2hrs long, which is good cause besides the compelling short story, it is at times frustrating having to repeat whole sections (checkpoint system) to figure out a puzzle (not that hard, except the infuriatingsalt tracing in the dark with lighting illuminating every 30sec). In addition, the seemingly disjointed story jumping, is followed by frequent wtf exclamations.... same as when you die and go to wise-cracking gramps heaven for one of his many motivational quotes: ""Death is certain. Truth is not. Embrace the uncertainty of life"".Despite all that, big thumbs up to the Brazilian indie studio Swordtales for the unexpected experience. Would I recommend it? Yes, I would but like marmite, you'll either love it or hate it (with passion). Try it out and find out; I'm still making my mind up.... (I have two card drops left)"
76561198023921409,Not Recommended,320820,28837266,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MOOOIIII,"Sadly this game is too short, the story is good but again too short. the game is mostly 2 hours long, 2.5 hours top if you take your time. if it would have been longer it would have been an amazing game. the puzzle are okay, could have added a bit more. to be honest it felt as if the game was rush to finish and not complete.I felt like there was missing parts to the story and how stuff came to be. plus here is a little advice, on the game i notice if you get stuck on stairs or a path for no reason, jump and you are good to go.i would recommand to buy this game only when it's 2$ or less, its not worth more then that."
,Recommended,320820,18458862,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Dragonite,"This game has a number of problems, including (but not limited to) questionable controls, some bizarre graphical spazzes and places where the puzzles seem more grind-y and irritating than challenging. I still consider it a pretty good game, though; it looks pretty, it focuses on a few central mechanics, storytelling, symbolism and a few other things that would have literature addicts salivating pretty quickly. Also, did I mention it looks pretty?By the way, when the Steam store page says ""Toren recommends a controller,"" they really mean ""if you try playing this with m+k you will be smashing your computer within ten minutes."" You have been warned."
,Recommended,320820,29451141,Posted: 23 January,all,Yaridovich,"9/10Toren is a truly amazing game, with the only downside being that it's quite short.As a short, spoiler-free description, it's an incredibly beautiful adventure game where you play as a girl who grows as she climbs a tower, while dealing with a dragon on her way. There is some combat included in the game, but it's not focused on combat at all, it's a lot more focused on traversing through the story and solving puzzles.The only problem the game has is, as mentioned before, that it's a short game. I finished the game and absolutely loved it, but also felt like wanting to play more of it.Highly recommended nonetheless."
76561198055085538,Recommended,320820,33294148,Posted: 5 July,all,Haram Queen in Habibi Style,"The story of Toren is quite interesting, but also really confusing. Sometimes, I didn't know what was going on, but afterall I enjoyed this game with this unique art style and lovely soundtrack. Sadly, this game is also pretty short. I just played 2 hours and the game was over. At the end, this short game was a nice experience. This whole game is perfect to chill. I was the whole time really relaxed while playing it.Still, 9,99€ is not worth it for the game. You all should better wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,320820,24735715,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,rizlmilk,"Toren lacks the polish of what is required of a modern game. This genuinely feels like a prototype developed over a two-week-long game jam. Everything was just clunky enough to be mildly frustrating. There are also a few technical glitches here and there. For example, sometimes the player doesn't have a shadow when they jump, but it only happens on certain surfaces. That doesn't sound like a big deal, but it makes the game's jump feel hollow and also makes it difficult to see how far/long the jump actually is.The story is incredibly metaphorical, to the point where I had no clue what was actually happening. I was climbing a tower and there was a dragon that tried to turn me into stone. There were talks of golden waterfalls in the sky. There are bodies randomly floating in a water level. I knew these things were meant to represent something, but I couldn't tell you what. The lack of a connectable story made every action in the game seem pointless. I asked myself, ""why am I doing this?"" at every turn.I only played a little under an hour of the game, so take my thoughts with a grain of salt. Granted, that's plenty of time to detect a broken game. I have a very low tolerance for unpolished games, so I had to call it quits after walking over a pattern while dropping sand on it for the third time because the game thought I didn't drop enough sand on it the first two times, even though I did."
,Recommended,320820,24149918,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Artyom Havok,while this would be hard to recommend to anyone else i would give them money a second time for a new game with better polish this game is like a demo tape of band before they got good. but if i hve to say more than once i wont give them money again.*the most heavy hitting story was told durring the credits*
76561198001072310,Not Recommended,320820,25472355,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,faatmo,"This game is not Ico, and it isn't Zelda. It doesn't have much in the way of gameplay, and the little that it does have never feels good. While it is visually interesting, the graphics aren't particularly good. The narrative is kinda cool and abstract, but I would not recommend slogging through the game to experience it. If you do, know that it only takes about 2 hours to beat."
76561198025673483,Recommended,320820,23801742,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Managarm,"I highly recommend this game, but I wish the devs would at some point revisit it and give it the finish it deserves. The game is really beautiful and the story carried it for me well. The story was told in a Demon's Souls style, which is fine with me but I think it didn't fit this game as well. If there'd ever be a remake this is my wishlist:- More story!- Either focus completely on puzzles and jumping (+boss) or add more variety to the enemies- Free camera control. While the camera wasn't really bad I like to look around (especilly in such a beautiful world)- A little more guidance in the beginning (menus, abilities, story exposition)- Secrets/items which add to the story and gameplay- Make the transitions between the main character's age either completely smooth or clearly related to an eventIn the end this game intrigued me and I was left wanting more, even though it has a lot of rough edges."
,Recommended,320820,15808836,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mechanikfire,"Toren is a wonderful game with a lovely red fiber to follow.I wish it had more play time, it is really short but totally worth the money.I hope for more games like Toren from Swordtales."
76561197999914689,Recommended,320820,15807840,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mark Rushow,The game mechanics aren't solid nor are the graphics but for being a short naritive driven game with some combat and puzzle elements it is more a of a phylisophical experience that is rather neat and imaginative.
76561198022820771,Recommended,320820,19522673,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyYL_rW_kwQThis is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watch if you are looking for a more in-depth review.First off let me state, Yes to this game, but only if it is 50%+ on sale.Toren is a third person platformer-esque explorational adventure. The graphics fit well with the artistic expression of the game, despite not being the highest quality. The sound, story, and concepts are esoteric, and require patience more than skill or knowledge to complete. As the movements of the character feel sluggish, and the platforming of the game can best be described as guided.The game is balanced off of learning by failure, rather than learning by testing the limits of your environment. You almost need to fail most of the time in order to move forward. They have integrated a very thorough checkpoint system, however, so you do not lose much progress when you die. For me, I did die very often and have to reload more times than I enjoy.The environment is abstract, leaving you with more questions than answers, and leaves you confused more than not. The ending does wrap up the story nicely, but when I think about my time in the game, it didn't draw me in enough to want to know more. This made my progression through the story very grating.The art style was beautiful, the gameplay was a bit clunky, and the story was unclear and confusing until the end. The game relies very heavily on patience to make it through the puzzles and challenges, and you have to be okay with multiple reloads as you progress in order to enjoy it. I would say this would be worth getting if it was on a decent sale. It works, but just barely, and designed to slow the player down as much as possible. A very high level of patients is needed.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here.http://www.youtube.com/c/SocioPsycho"
76561198046578845,Not Recommended,320820,25899233,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dru,"I don't recommend it.The idea of the game is nice and the tower designs are very artistic. But Torenis a game where the player doesn't get involved in the storyline and that doesn't allow you to explore with freedom. In the technical part, the camera is fixed and quite uncomfortable and the graphics are quite poor for a game so recent (without trying to look old fashioned).In my opinion, it would be a nice game for 4-5€ but for 10€ I was expecting a moderate quality game at least."
76561198011635974,Not Recommended,320820,32787199,Posted: 25 June,all,Guilty Man,"My gods, are there words to describe how bad this is?So to start, this is not a game in the sense that it is a challange, indeed you can die but you cannot fail, the whole thing is wrapped up in pseudo philosophy that while would be pretty and temporarily engaging in an animation, are distractions to mechanics while the mechanics are distractions to the narrative.This is not helped by the fact that this game is hideous, to gaze on the gorgon would be a pleasure in comparison. models are stiff and unnatural, everything clips in on itself and the environment, there are instances where there are clearly 2d assets used in a 3d game.This title does not actualy want you to play it, it wants you to experience it, which is why it constantly feels the need to steal control from you to highlight a set peice you likely already noticed, or ensure that you immediatild walk a path the narrative needs you to follow, preventing you from turning or making mistakes because this is not a game.If the developers had simply made a more technicaly simple, more visualy engaging, flat, 2d animation, I would watch it in a heart beat. But as It stands, I would not ""play"" this game if they paid me"
,Recommended,320820,19068934,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,xandemon,"Toren is a bit obscure. Harkening to games like Myst, it dumps you into a surreal world that gets increasingly more so the longer you play. You find out the story, which is interesting in an of itself and worth playing the game for, but you'll probably be a bit confused.It plays like most third-person action games, but without as much action. It's a fairly linear story, presented in a warped, non-linear fashion. I think I'm better for the experience of having played the game, but there isn't a lot of replayability and not a lot to recommend it past saying ""this will mess with your head a bit, but it's worth the trip"". Emphasis on trip."
76561197997838090,Not Recommended,320820,27885169,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blackthorne,"Only played for 30 minutes and didn't enjoy it. Story is weak and early gameplay is mostly walking and hitting 'X' in the right spot to play the next cutscene. Fell through the floor at one point and had to quit to the menu in order to reload the game... According tohowlongtobeat.comthe game takes around 2 hours to play through in full, but I don't think I'd want to waste my time finishing it. It feels very much like someone's school project."
76561197961903671,Not Recommended,320820,29640518,Posted: 1 February,all,neXus,"Toren looks beautiful and teases you with hints of a fascinating story, but simply isn't fun to play. Your character is slow and difficult to control, with frequent animation bugs.I gave up on the game after about 90 minutes due to a puzzle/fight that is bugged and I could not complete."
76561198027286056,Not Recommended,320820,26282119,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,shanktheball,"This game wasn't for me. I liked the story and the quest seemed intriguing, but the game logic was a little to hard for me to make the connections. Perhaps I am a lazy gamer? I liked exploring and solving the puzzles, but I didn't grow up with point and click adventure games and so I lose my patience when the game doesn't have a way for me to find the next step with a intermediate amount of exploring. I don't like having to find one item and dragging it to the next thing and then learning through cryptic clues about point B..."
,Recommended,320820,15875630,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Dalth,"If you are a fan of Journey, or Legend of Zelda, you'll likely be a fan of this game. It's certainly one to leave you thinking."
,Not Recommended,320820,15807001,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Vires,Literally an hour of gameplay. Beaten start to finish while barely paying attention. Story isn't that magnificent. totally vague and uninspired; feel like I wasted my money and have been totally ripped off. I would not recommend this to anyone. Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,320820,15816823,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,silence,"Poorly made.Bad animations.Strained metaphors that don't mean anything.Clunky colision detection.And the main character's shouts are unbearable.If you must buy it, then pay no more than £2-3"
,Not Recommended,320820,15816645,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,healthcare.gov,"If you played ICO / Shadow of the Colossus but hated the creative puzzles, vast worlds, and professional presentation but enjoyed the glitchy movement and graphics from 2005 you're in luck.The boss fights in this game are literally an EXACT copy of the final boss in ICO. You hide behind statues/your sword as it shoots a blast of instant death at you then when you drop your sword continue to hide behind and drag statues to retrieve it.Short, glitchy, unimpressive. I blame kotaku for telling me to follow this.Is it worth $10? Kinda, not really."
,Not Recommended,320820,15834453,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,BriHard,"Y’see, while Toren does its best to be visually appealing that’s all it really accels at. While yes the textures and poly distribution could use work it’s really the only highlight of the game. Had the team had better artists it could look better, but my main problem is the actual game itself.While Toren will cost you around $10 it doesn’t really feel worth it because of how the game is structured as it’s only about and hour and a half long. With a game like Ico it’s $10 and the game can last around 7 hours. Journey is $15 and is 3 hours and honestly I feel like it’s worth more than 4x the amount because that’s how good it was. Toren feels more or less like it wants to be Ico in today’s new gaming world and it fails miserably at it.One thing the game was supposed to feature was playing as the main character from her infancy to her adulthood. This might’ve been a misinterpretation of the game on my part, but it feels like it’s there for the sake of simply being a cool marketing feature. Within 30 seconds of getting control of your main character you’re practically shoved into being a teenager or at least a young adult via a time skip.I feel like I either misinterpreted this part of the game or they purposely misled us. It feels more or less like the game expected players to take in the environment or be incredibly stupid and die a lot as the game is only an hour and a half. It feels like maybe the dev wanted it to be longer, but realized quickly the game was too short, therefore it tried to make certain areas just a bit harder.There are some interesting moments, but they’re all pretty meh when compared to other games. When my friend saw what I was playing he claimed I was playing the final boss of Ico. The only boss in the game acts just like Ico’s final boss. He’ll shoot you with a wave of darkness or gusts of wind that kill your or send you back and your sword is the only thing to protect when you’re not near the blocks that you have to push around to reach your sword unharmed and when you land a hit they just knock your sword back again.It feels like the whole game took its game design from Ico and just shoved it into two hours. See Toren tries to be art and you can’t be art for the sake of art. When a game does this it’s going to run into a lot of problems. It tries to entice you with its concept and art, but the music, or lackthereof, and gameplay just make the experience a dull little trek through typical modern indie game. There is a cool concept, such as dying when you’re turned to stone in order to use your previous incarnation’s husk as a shield or to progress through the level, but it only happens once during gameplay and the 2nd time it’s scripted.The game barely has any puzzles too. What it does have are lines that you walk alone while spilling dirt and those are counted as puzzles. Not since the puzzles of Kirby have I had such an easy time with a game. Trying to fit a ball into a circular hole is harder than this! It’s all pretty pathetic.It seems like the devs thought they had a hit on their hands and according to the Steam reviews they probably do. Yes, games can be short. ♥♥♥♥ing How Do You do It? proves that without a doubt, but at least that game was enjoyable. If you’re going to make a 2 hour game and charge me $10 I should feel like I got my money’s worth and less like a dev said “Sorry you’re so stupid for buying this game. Now bend over so I can ♥♥♥♥ you in your♥♥♥♥♥♥”Thinking back to it there’s a really good Xbox Live Indie Game that shows off what it’s like to make a good game, charge a low price, and still have me feel like I got my money’s worth. It’s called I Made A Game With Zombies In It. Throughout the whole game you’re treated to a twinstick shooter while a hilarious song plays in the background. By the end of the 30 minute game, which develops from a game about zombie survival to a game about an acid trip with cats, you sit back and smile thinking to yourself “That was worth the whole ♥♥♥♥ing dollar I paid for it.” And I returned to it multiple times after to continue playing it because even without the song it was just that ♥♥♥♥ing good.Toren made me feel gipped. There’s no replay value, but just to be sure I didn’t somehow skip 80% of the game I played through it again. I missed one or two things that padded on an extra 15 minutes, but even with the two hour playtime I still feel like I’ve been violated worse than your typical SJW when they complain that someone doesn’t agree with them.Better yet, the character’s slow animations and movement speed feel like they’re done deliberately to make the game artificially harder, but honestly it’s still pretty easy. The game only has two enemies and one of them can’t even kill your, and if they can I’m pretty sure the game just didn’t realize it could.The game even pulls a ♥♥♥♥ing Dark Souls II and says the cycle of the game’s story will constantly repeat so you might as fuggin’ well start a new file.So is Toren worth your $10? ♥♥♥♥ no. Wait for it to go on sale if anything or if you have a friend with the game and pity them play it there so your friend feels like maybe they got their money’s worth. Or you could just wait for the game to be free on PS+. It doesn’t matter, even when it’s free you’re still going to feel ripped off."
76561198133877347,Not Recommended,320820,25959209,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dabits,"The overall concept is cool, but so many bugs. Half of her body was missing when I loaded the game once."
,Not Recommended,320820,20409439,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Spofk,"- This game is trying way too hard to be artsy and meaningful.- The gameplay felt a little stale.- The game takes about 2 hours to complete, so its possible to get refund after completing it, but if you want all the trading cards you will have to let the game run in the backround for another 3 hours.""The Steam refund offer, within two weeks of purchase and with less than two hours of playtime""http://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds/"
76561198089900211,Recommended,320820,32786924,Posted: 25 June,all,Spencera,"Not a bad game, little boring but interesting. Buy on sale.Took me just under 2 hrs to finish."
,Recommended,320820,19867094,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lady Hellscythe,"Toren is a beautifully told story done with elegance.I bought this game on sale and played it through it's entirety (2 hours or so)It has a great story, stunning visuals and a brilliant soundtrack.Oh and Moonchild is totally adorable, what's not to love? 10/10"
,Not Recommended,320820,19481754,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Like a BrazilianIco, but without the polish, aesthetic mastery and plot conveyance that makes its inspirational predecessor so damn compelling. Maybe a revelation for the average PC gamer, but for those of us familiar with the works of Team Ico? A disappointment to say the least."
,Recommended,320820,19294125,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Messofanego,"Loved it.Main criticisms would be production-wise mainly, it's just unpolished. Clipping, collision detection, floaty platforming, what little of the combat there is lacks much feedback. But I feel the lack of polish is excused considering like 30 people in total worked on the game (including composer, producers) and with the variety of visuals on offer here. On the level of Zeno Clash 2. Much like that game, also South American developers (Swordtales is Brazilian, ACE Team is Chilean) so props to seeing more games from that continent.If those don't bother you so much, check it out for a really interesting coming-of-age dark fantasy experience. It's short but complete, around 3 hours. Perfect for one sitting. There is oodles of poeticism and surrealism involving ashen children, blood, seasons, and celestial bodies. Basically, men's ambition and arrogance has failed them, so a girl is the only one who can save it all while being guided by a mage, but her childhood will have to be sacrificed. Seasons and her age changes, as she makes a tree tower to the top. Celestial bodies get involved. Reminded me fondly of Tale of Princess Kaguya. There's only about 3 characters involved: a girl, a soldier, and a dragon. It's a pretty grim and lonely affairwhen you realise it's a post-human world, overall.The music by Vinicius Kleinsorgen is memorably excellent.If you're up for something more sombre from an action-adventure game in the vein of Team Ico with the dark surrealism of something like Alice Madness Returns, 70s psychedelia, and a cool female protagonist in a memorable tale, give it a shot. Worth it just for the visuals."
,Recommended,320820,19434907,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Don Reba,This beautiful game wonderfully brings home the idea that little girls can't be trusted with swords near friendly fauna.
76561198093927912,Recommended,320820,15875182,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,cresecker,Great story and good game overall.
,Not Recommended,320820,20209365,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WadeTheFade,I went into this game expecting more of a platforming/puzzle game with a little adventure.What I got was a story game telling the tale of a mystical legend. The game is full of dream sequences that start and end with thought-provoking prose for you to consider while walking miles till the sequence.The trailer literally shows you every action sequence in the game and the screenshots show all of the best artistically setup shots in the game.I wish there was a neutral button. I like stories in games; I just feel the trailer might have embellished the action a bit much.
76561198002060237,Not Recommended,320820,27838378,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,./akary.u¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Very good idea, beautiful setting, interesting story ruined by very bad gameplay. Bought it for 3,50 in a sale but still would not recommend it..."
76561198039114448,Not Recommended,320820,24370759,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Blatherskite,"This game is just bad, story is really confusing as to what is actually going on the, game play is horrible controls terrible figuring out where to go and what to do are the main objectives in this game just bad."
,Not Recommended,320820,24429914,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Erreboii,Weird and poor quality. I really regret buying this game.
76561198057088681,Not Recommended,320820,33238111,Posted: 4 July,all,TheLoadedPotato,"Short.-2 hours of full gameplay.-It draws heavy inspiration from Icco, Shadow of the collusus.-It's story is confusing then just meh at the end.-Heavy on cut scenes and visuals.....in fact thats all it really was.-Puzzles were of no challenge though you do have the challenge of the controls which..-Controls were♥♥♥♥♥♥-Lots of bugs and glitches which caused me to restart checkpoints three times-Graphics and controls are of PS2 early PS3 eraOverall it wasn't a expensive game and it never should be and I'd really prefer to just have a ""meh"" rating but no I do not recommend."
,Recommended,320820,18665007,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,LongGuy,It's ok.
,Recommended,320820,18823999,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Skalfing,"I bought this to support the brazilian game industry, as it is way too small right now. It was a pretty fun game, and a quite surprising story!"
,Recommended,320820,18865871,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ProxyJames,"this is not a game, this is a peace of art"
76561198055136511,Recommended,320820,18871017,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,amadai,This game is so good.I reminded [ico].I hope that this game is played many RPG fans.
76561198012623877,Not Recommended,320820,29000270,Posted: 4 January,all,sG | Krony [RO],"uhh broken game since I can't do anything to simple climb stuff to get the sword, Bought it for $2 but not worth for $10.Control for everything is not that great as well"
,Recommended,320820,19427757,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,K I L N K,"Let me just start off by saying, I appreciate this game for exisiting. There's a certain charm to be found in games like this that don't exist anywhere else. Charm that exists in the game's stunning environmental visuals, and soundtrack. Games like Ico, or Shadow of the Colossus seems to have had some sort of impact on how this game came into fruition, and because of that I can say I'd rather live in a world where this game was made, than not.With that out of the way, I need to address some issues I have with the game overall. While the visuals are beautiful, character models seem to have not had the same attention to detail put into them as everything else. Character animations feel rough, as do the cutscenes, and a lot of the time, the main character had an expression on her face that I can only describe as goofy. Also, the way the story is presented could have used some work as well. There's seems to be a lot of interesting lore hidden throughout the world to better explain everything for those willing to dig deeper, but I myself couldn't really find anything to latch onto, and that's due in part to the shortness of the game.Concepts for puzzle solving are introduced through tutorial segments, but are rarely ever used again, and that's a shame because there were plenty of opportunities for them to branch out beyond what the game had. Combat felt sluggish, hitting enemies never felt that satisfying, and platforming felt really floaty. Sound effects could have also used some more work, since I got tired of hearing that dragon's screech consistantly.Despite all this though, I still found the game worth buying at a sale price. There was a lot here that I really enjoyed, and despite my minor gripe about the length of the game, the hidden backstory does encorage multiple playthroughs, that wouldn't be a chore to go through due to the length of the game. I don't hate this game at all, and I do highly recommend checking it out. It's one of the better indie games I've played this year, and I'd love to see this company go and make something else to showcase their talent even further. But for 10 dollars, I'd suggest waiting for some sort of price drop like I did."
,Recommended,320820,15922077,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Vagaldindo,"Good!The game has some flaws, like any Indie game.I haven't understood the story, it's very complex, but the mystic fits the game art style!It has easy puzzles, but the final boss battle is wonderful!In general i recommend playing."
76561198273694791,Recommended,320820,26257145,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Fuyukine,"It was a wonderful experience! The dev-team did a good job at letting the player sink into the world of our little knight. Altought I've got the feeling that the lighting has to be rebuild in some levels -although this could be a local problem- and the game ended pretty quickly, I can totaly recommend it. One sufficient reason would be the enviroment. The degree of detail is great.I don't know why, but I kinda get the feeling as though I was playing a prequel or sequel to Shadows of the Colossus. Maybe its because of the enviroment or the camera-controls, but it Toren has got a bit of a resemblance to SoC."
76561198023023915,Not Recommended,320820,22097496,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,hagakuremoi,"One of the most horrible controls I have ever seen, and people say that even with a controller this problem is not fixed.The story and graphics are nice, but I have the impression that is not well optimized.The gameplay is a little confuse and in general you don't idea about what are you doing."
,Not Recommended,320820,19228540,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Yonbi,"Let's start with cons:- Unskippable cutscenes- Not fully mappable controller shortcuts, binding Pause and Look down onto the same key- You can't even see where you are going- Pointless edges that you can fall down, grab hold of the edge, and take 5s to pull yourself up that don't contribute to anything other than messing with you- No way to move camera- No given direction to progress through the game- Walk speed is terribly slow"
,Not Recommended,320820,18319094,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Kreidol,"It's not really a game as much as it is a 3-d, somewhat interactive storybook with better graphics than you usually get for those. Someone in a video I saw compared it to Ori and the Blind Forest--don't go into it with that idea.A lot of the scenes and transitions between when you can do something and when you can't are slow, even painfully drawn out. The combat is limited, and fights against the boss--while not quite like anything I've seen before and while they introduce an element of teamwork with the AI--are repetitive and more about solving puzzles and waiting between boss attacks, so I found them boring overall. There is some reading, although not as much as other story games. Considering how crappy a lot of storybook games are with their paragraphs of reading before you can do anything and find an object 2D styles, it is very good graphically and thought out. A few minor glitches here and there, but for the most part, sound bug-wise. Oh, the credits don't let you skip and just when they seem like they will end, more come; I'd recommend just cutting the game at that point unless you enjoy final cut-scenes. t's also relatively short. I think someone not out to explore despite the game's linear nature could finish it in a few hours.I guess if you're into story games or you're 10 and enjoy pouring sand in shapes in a game, it's fine, but it moved too slowly for me, so I felt bored a lot of the time. I wouldn't recommend it to any of my friends, who prefer more combat-style games."
76561198174896987,Not Recommended,320820,19532681,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,LittleFurnace,"This is a great basis for a future development, but as it stands at the moment, i didn't find it a great experience.The game itself is so clunky, neither the platforming or fighting mechanics work well, it's too easy to accidentally fall off something and the checkpoints feel really far apart because it takes so long and so much effort to get anywhere, so you get frustrated. It's also never very clear what's going on or what you're supposed to be doing, so i spent even more time just wondering around.The major problem i had was the ""dreams"" being optional though. I'm willing to forgive a game a lot of sins if it has good aesthetic and a great story. I think this could have both of them, but i spent the entire game going ""Huh? Who's that dude? What's going on here?"" because i missed the very first optional dream, as they weren't explained, and later in the game that particular dream statue is unuseable. Each dream gives you part of the back story, and without it, you miss a huge chunk of plot, so i was annoyed by how easy they were to not see, and by the fact that the first one at least isn't compulsory.Missing a dream also means you actually miss out on a hefty amount of gameplay; it's a short game, and each dream is a few mins of new content, so they're sort of screwing themselves by making them optional as well.Overall i found that the music was nice, the palatte was pretty and there's  a lot of potential here, but really, unless you've totally run out of something to play, i would probably give this one a miss."
,Not Recommended,320820,19278424,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,So Manly,"I appreciate what they tried to do here, but this wasn't worth my four dollars. The controls are janky, the storytelling is weak, forced cutscenes that accomplish nothing are frustrating, and nothing is challenging. The world design is interesting, at least."
76561198036276741,Not Recommended,320820,19989299,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Abu-Sha3ba6,"4.5/10. To support the developers, I would say 5/10. It feels like an incomplete game, and is very buggy. Sometimes I jumped to kill my character to pass a place faster or to break out of a glitch.If you want to support the developers, purchase it. If you want 12 achievements do the same. If you think that you might regret not playing this game, think again."
76561198040892981,Not Recommended,320820,19319224,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,cloudshaper2k,"I came in wanting to like this game and willing to overlook minor faults. After an hour (and completing about half the game based on other reviews and the achievements), I came away with two impressions - boring and repetitive.There's no challenge to this game and the Tarot metaphor imagery is confused and heavy-handed. The 'story' is a hopeless mishmash of shoehorned concepts.Gameplay is slow and typically completes challenges for you. Can be pretty to look at, but you can get that from the screenshots in the store. First time I've asked Steam for my money back."
,Recommended,320820,27606957,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,beats2reason,It was an easy game that felt like a reincarnation themed art piece. I really like the style used.
76561197996481059,Recommended,320820,22016164,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,RiceSaki,"The art style, visuals, and story is terrific.The only dislike is the subtitles take away attention from the pleasant visuals."
,Not Recommended,320820,21485621,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,"É você, Satanás?",Don't waste your time with this... thing.
,Recommended,320820,17287876,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Nocturnal,"A short, simple but astonishingly good game.The presentation, art design and music help convey an atmosphere that few other games can match. Reminiscent of the games by team ICO in many ways.The gameplay is functional, but by no means the main selling point of this title.As a first game by an indie developer, this is quite the achievement.Highly recommended if you feel the price can justify about two hours of gameplay."
76561198123933872,Recommended,320820,23801522,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,claytonjf15,"It is an excellent game: beautiful, with a lovely color palette, interesting gameplay, great atmosphere. A game inspired by Shadow of the Colossus and still keeps with a unique creativity and personality."
,Recommended,320820,19307685,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Hanabi,"Torin is easy enough to say yes to in my mind. It is short, there is no voice acting (Unless you count grunts and the wizard guy's repeat otherworldly chanting in an a different (nonexistant?) language.)The game is an answer to rather or not videogames can be high art. Which I feel this is. It's like a painting, a fable and a bed time story all rolled into one.I only wish it was longer, I reached the end of the game thinking I'd only gone through 1/3rd. It's short. But for the price it is worth it.I grade games off of different scales, Indie Games don't get a 1-5 star scale that AAA games get. Instead I simply say yes, or no, rather or not it was worth the price. And this falls into a Yes, Worth the Price."
76561198062951050,Not Recommended,320820,15820495,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Chris Conti,"First off let me start by saying the artwork is amazing. I simply love it combined with the music in the game. It is beautiful ^_^. The story on the other hand felt very lacking to me. It didn't have any substance? to it I guess I could say. I basically forced myself to complete the game because I couldn't find any reason or drive to want to beat it. I gave it the benefit of the doubt though, and thought that maybe if I continued it would surprise me...It did not to say the least :(.If you're looking for a good story with a plot that keeps you in suspense, do not buy this game. You will not enjoy it.However if you are just looking for some great artwork and music to experience then this game should suit your tastes.Edit: I wanted to add one more thing. The trailer is 10x more interesting than the game. Basically the trailer is so well edited and voiced that if it was made to advertise paint drying instead it would have me sold. Then it would leave a bitter taste in my mouth once I realized I just bought the privilage to watch paint dry =/."
,Not Recommended,320820,24953707,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Captain Picard,"Buggy game, cant even complete one of the dreams due to bugs. Controls (xbone controller) suck too, not smooth at all."
,Not Recommended,320820,15852504,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,terminalsecret,"I would not recommend whilst the game is in the state that is it in. Buges and issues with the camera, movement and certain actions that the character can perform. You can get stuck and fall through the geometry of the level, sometimes the jump won't work, etc.Other than that the look and feel of the game is promising."
76561198030414441,Not Recommended,320820,16403094,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ralgaoud,"This ""Ico""-lite has its heart in the right place... beautiful art direction, a matching soundtrack and an interesting start to its story. Unfortunately, gameplay-wise, the execution falls flat. The game boils down to a series of cutscenes interspersed by clumsy platforming and very dull puzzle-solving. Many of the sections feel tedious for the sake of being tedious... it was as if these sections were meant to lengthen the game. For a game that you can beat in less in 2 hours, it's sad the developers were not able to create engaging gameplaythat lasts for that short duration. The game is also quite chatty, with ""deep"" prose that quickly overstayed its welcome with me. The game felt more like an art project than a game, and at that, I would say it succeeds. Aesthetics and poetry do not make an engaging game though.If you must, buy on sale and save it for a boring evening when you're in a contemplative mood."
,Not Recommended,320820,20241472,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Capashin,"Tries to be meaningful, but falls flat due to repetitive gameplay, uninteresting story, and terrible controls.  Completed it in under 2 hours and it felt too long.  Would avoid unless it is at a huge discount."
,Not Recommended,320820,15918893,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Ash,"I Really want to like this game, but so far the (beginning) story telling is a bit jumpy, like the sword is right there as a baby then all of a sudden your a child and its miles away?When i open the clock to reveal the tree with the sword in, no matter what i do i end up falling though the floor and getting stuck.Will give it a another go the weekend when i get some more time."
76561198119978955,Recommended,320820,20108065,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,EternalClimb,I'm so excited to get to discover this game finally!!
,Not Recommended,320820,23214801,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Shadow Knight,"Alright well I got this game because it looked decent and looked like a fun game to make a playthrough of for my Youtube. It made me laugh at some of the terrible things that were happening and it was fun to record but if it had not been for making vids I wouldnt have played this game it bored me and no real fun qualitys to it.I'll start some of the pros first- The game has a cool premise the story seems like it would actually make a good game- Some of the art work actually looks pretty cool it will make sweeping shots that look a lot better than the actual game- It does give you the sense that there is some of the story your not getting giving it a bit of mystery- The final fight was actually not to bad but didn't really feel like an epic fight at allThats itThe cons- The movement is slow and cluncky and just feels irritating to deal with- The jumping makes you laugh it looks so bad- Textures litterly will change between 2d to 3d at random- Baby version of you litterly looks like a collection of blood and throwup and barely resembles a baby form- Graphics are unacceptable for a 2015 game looks like something from early ps2- The combat has no feel behind it, you dont feel like you've accomplished something or conquered anything- Puzzles are not puzzles just things you just kind of do that take up your time and feel repettativeI honestly wish I hadnt bought this game and I dont think anyone should. Main thing I would say is it feel likes a alpha build in diguise as a full game. If you want to see my playthrough of it click here and sub if you like me ranting at the the game the hole time :Phttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExE0-zyTWuw&list=PLkaE6Q9TGLkrQhLQM2ZyPHUV2MM2O2_Cy"
,Not Recommended,320820,21040470,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kwai_Rix,"It's an okay game. Nothing special really. I give it a negative for bad programming. When you start the game NEW JOURNEY is already selected. If you're not paying attention you will start a new game. If you start a new you lose EVERYTHING. If you're like me you'll be halfway thorugh the game with all the extras, start it up and find out that if you want all the items back you gotta start over from the beginning."
76561198061786965,Recommended,320820,32105376,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,Very strange and mindbending
,Recommended,320820,18888965,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Wolfsblut,"People often say, i need good graphic´s..it pathetic they don´t play games like ""Toren"" or ""Brothers - Tale of Two Sons""They would notice games with low end ~ mid range graphics and such amazing gameplay + Arts do look and play much better and smoother than any of the Trashy AAA Titles which also tend to lag a lot even on modern Maschine´s.Gameplay wise i was first confused by using Keyboard instead of Controller (which i normally do but not connected due to The Crew and my Racing Wheel set)i really recommend (like the game does) to use a controller will be much smoother than keyboard input controls.If you have Zamano Anti Keylogger (like me) you can either Deactivate it for the not responding Input´s or live with them (lucky the input laggs from Anti Keylogger comes when it isnt a battle or important action)To the game.It is Beautiful, it is Arts, it is so innovative! I JUST LOVE IT!Toren (the tower) is really amazing Scene and takes use of Light/Shadow playThe Young Girl you play (dunno the Name is it ever was actually named) has a lot of Effort into her!Every time i get further in the gameplay her clothes (dresses mostly) changes Colors or suddenly is a whole new dress she is wearing!I never saw someone using that much input into a small game and i think this is what makes games like this so kind..the effort most Developer wouldn´t do.Every 5-15 minutes (level/scene) she has a new outfit which is really nice.But there is a lot more than just the outfits.Master the Controls and you will have no problems playing the game.I won´t go any further as i think you just need to experience it for yourself.Rating would be 15/10 * for being so addictive!"
,Recommended,320820,26503732,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Padtrick695,Great atmospheric game =)
,Recommended,320820,21889097,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,fireboytroy,"Toren is a brief, uneven game. Sometimes it shows flashes of brilliance, and others it feels extremely derivative.The art in the game is sometimes beautiful, and sometimes your eye is drawn to what feels like are out of place modeling or textures that are much lower resolution than their surroundings making them pop out. Sometimes there are graphical errors with the main characters clothing textures.The animation is fluid, and the controls for the most part feel spot on, but then sometimes such as jumping and when the camera is really touchy and trying to stay behind the character in the dream sequences, the controls falll apart, and feel floaty and unresponsive.The mythology has the starts of interesting, but never really gets fleshed out, and in the telling is really confusing.I think the game feels like a would-be spiritual successor to ICO (but not Shadows of the Colossus), that could have used more time in the cooker. It's uneven, and overall mediocre, but the game is still worth picking up for the flashes of brillliance it does have in it's short playtime.Another note: I was able to beat the game twice and get all of the achievements in 3 hours, but ended up having to idle the game over night to get the rest of the trading cards for it, so keep that in mind when looking at my play time. It is a really short game, but the drop rate of the steam trading cards needs to be adjusted to reflect that."
,Recommended,320820,32957727,Posted: 28 June,all,TeenJackBauer,6/10 TJBs
,Not Recommended,320820,15806097,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,liker,С первых минут игры начинает нудить.
,Not Recommended,320820,16812583,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Vermilion Wlad,"There's not a single good thing about this game. Well, it's over in two hours, so that's probably good."
,Not Recommended,320820,33585439,Posted: 16 July,all,Blaze,"I didn't like the game. Boring, slow, glitchy..."
,Not Recommended,320820,16948380,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,PrincessGumpy,"I want to like this game, but the sloppy animation dawn out sutscenes and lack of gamefeel lead me to feel like it isn't going to get better."
,Not Recommended,320820,17043577,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,LumaStar,gutted it had a fault with the camera shot must of been a bug.
,Not Recommended,320820,17362226,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,sintrode,"Don't let the fact that the main character has a sword fool you; this game is meant to be experienced as art.Sure, there may argueably be puzzles, and I guess you use your sword two or three times over the course of the entire game, but the people who are calling this an action/adventure game have clearly never played any action or adventure games. This is a walking simulator with pretty colors. The thing claiming to be a story is barely comprehensible, and the dream sequences are unnecessary and tiresome. The camera doesn't move enough, except for when it moves far too much. Apparently I'm the only person on Steam who has this opinion, but I don't think the graphics are very good.You're going to beat the game in under two hours. You're going to wonder if you missed something. You're going to realize that you didn't miss anything. You're going to wonder why you spent ten dollars on two hours of mediocrity. Steam may be able to refund my money, but they can never refund the two hours I spent playing this."
76561198097483739,Not Recommended,320820,19789493,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Lordaethis,aweful
,Not Recommended,320820,15819879,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jeanberry,"-Bad Animation-Bad Graphics-Bugs everywhereThis Game isnt even worth 10€, max. 1€, want my money back."
,Not Recommended,320820,23843693,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,K.z,"hollyshit , waste my moneyshort story, boring gameplay and horible conrols"
76561198064685902,Not Recommended,320820,29656905,Posted: 2 February,all,Middox,this game is a realy damn boring movie
,Recommended,320820,22411189,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ShiiiB,"Overall, good game."
,Recommended,320820,19075900,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Gin the Cat,Gintoki approved.
76561198013259904,Not Recommended,320820,32697355,Posted: 23 June,all,A Knight of Ni,I can't even play it. No controller support. I can't even move in the first chapter with my keyboard and mouse... what gives?
76561198045145188,Recommended,320820,26189218,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Lineodo,Topzera
,Not Recommended,320820,15796824,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mitch,This game is lovely looking but very buggy. i couldn't get very far as i kept falling though the floor. try this game if you are good a getting around bugs.
,Not Recommended,320820,28354572,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DickBurden,We all make mistakes in life.
,Not Recommended,320820,32159136,Posted: 3 June,all,Spazsquatch,i beat the game in 2 hours... explain how this is worth my money...
,Not Recommended,320820,15797537,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ozgarden,"D'une lourdeur sans nom dont le rythme est bancal. Daté, mauvais et horriblement approximatif dans sa physique.Même l'ébauche d'Ico à l'époque devait être plus fonctionnelle. On cherche désespérément la fonction refund mais il paraît qu'il faut finir le jeu pour débloquer l'option."
76561197982058541,Not Recommended,320820,15800567,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Twitchtv pony,"one of the wor-♥♥♥♥♥♥-st game i ever had now i know why this game is only 9.99usdand god damn 9.99usd is too expansivewho the hell talking about ""ico"" in this gamedon't even think about this game just skip on your sightplz no more victimmany bug, low graphic, stupid story gg"
76561197987743391,Recommended,320820,16667571,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Inkheart Artist,It's a little rough around the edges and short but if you'd like a Team ICO style beautiful adventure game this one is great. I'm really liking the games that come out of Brazil lately.
76561198012720176,Recommended,320820,18901309,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Nexzu,"Ok my time says I beat this game in 2 hours, why does it feel like I was playing this game for 300 years.This game is not going to last you a whole weekend, but what this game well give you is a emotional thrill. I could even say its feels spiritual in its approach to gripping you. Its a story that feels like it could be interperted in many differnt ways, (coming of age, growing up, fighting your fears, marriage, etc).This game also isn't the sword fighting experience you would get with zelda (like I thought). The sword feels more like a tool to complete the puzzle, than the fight blade to get rid of you enemys. It does do that, but it slowly starts to lose its importance to the player beside completing a goal. I wish some of the mechanics of the game where much more polished, like swordplay and interactions enemys. The puzzles aren't difficult in anyway but they were memorable by meaning. Everything about this game drives the story as its main offering to the player and it does it well.The best part of this game has got to be the music, its just perfect in terms of mood. Combined with the great environments really gives you that adventure in the sky feel.Pros:Interesting storyBeautiful music (Get the sound track)Great atmosphereMemorable puzzlesCons:ShortBad Cam"
,Recommended,320820,18895125,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,thanklesshorse,"Short but interesting game. While it certainly lacks polish in many aspects, I found the game world very captivating and hard to put down."
76561198053963517,Recommended,320820,18944743,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Arcanomic,Not a very long game but oh so beautiful and fun
,Recommended,320820,18925291,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Eight675Three09,"I'm about 2 hours into this game, and damn I wish I weren't too busy to just binge on it all the way through. Epic in scope and theme (is...is that a reference to the Cabbala I see?), you play as a baby girl who grows throughout the game and, I'm assuming, into a woman  who defeats the Big Bad at the end. In the meantime you'll see a lot of cryptic messages in a lot of different places, experience your mind being bent by experiences, and overcome a lot of malicious beings and obstacles.Well worth the money."
,Recommended,320820,18924660,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Gear-Fox,"This game gave me the feels, even though the story itself was quite cryptic. This is mostly a puzzle/platformer (albeit quite simple) with very limited combat, but that shouldn't stop you from trying it out.Pros:+Beauitful atmosphere+Cryptic/tragic yet interesting plot.+Lovely protagonist (fits the plot well and when she becomes an adult -- just wow)Cons:-Very linear. You won't get the complete immersive feeling of being able to explore this majestic and surreal world.-Controls can be a bit wonky-As stated in other reviews, this game is super short; about 2 hours max. Sadly no replay value unless you haven't gotten all the achievementsI recommend buying this game on discount. I hope we get to see Moonchild again sometime.7/10 would feel again"
76561198191206335,Recommended,320820,18204099,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,leobarrage,A fun very different sort of game.
,Recommended,320820,19111047,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,johnypotsmoker420,"its neat, i guess...not much to a story or just too deep for me. i assume it has some deeper meaning from what you see at the end...anyways without spoling too much id like to say it was an over all decent game. i wouldnt get it unless it was on sale tho. not much for a replay value, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours game play, but it does have cards and achievements. for those who like numbers i say 7/10...eeh 7.5/10"
76561198053184615,Recommended,320820,19076044,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ma fonts,"A simple, but great game! The story and soundtrack are impecable. I wasn't impressed by the graphics, but I believe it was due the low budget of the game, as their concept are amazing! Hope to see other games from this team really soon!"
,Recommended,320820,19063623,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,MegaYumi,"5.5/10 Beautifully presented but lacking imersion.I didn’t ‘get’ Toren. My daughter and I played and completed the story, but as much as I was trying to follow the ‘why’ of the game, I’m still unsure. The ‘how’ is simple however as the mechanics of the game are really easy to follow and the actions are un-complex. I would place Toren firmly in the puzzle category as the mechanics primarily focus on completing objectives to meet an end.The game itself is a story, and perhaps you have to really concentrate to get the context, but as you play as Toren you see her grow from an infant to adult as she scales a tree, growing inside a tall tower. There are a few minor enemies to encounter, and a dragon which serves as the main enemy of the story. For me, the artwork is what drew me in. Everything is stylised beautifully and there is a certain broken-beauty in the artwork.Unfortunately for me, there isn’t a lot to say in terms of replay value. On our completion of the game we saw that we didn’t complete a section of a puzzle, so technically we didn’t 100% complete it. This really didn’t give me any motivation to suggest another go at it. It may get played again down the line, but it wouldn’t be a go-to game. I would still recommend however as it is a very pretty and easy to play game."
76561198254205257,Recommended,320820,19003065,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,sourisaac,"Lets get the big one out of the way and say this game is very much inspired by the likes of ICO, so if you liked that game you need to break out your wallet and buy yesterday. Its very rare that we see games like this especialy in todays market so this really is a hidden gem.The main draw of this title is it simply awe inspiring visuals, thats no to say the graphics are godly but the style in which its presented is beautiful. Like I said earlier the gameplay is virtualy identical to ICO. Its fairly simple and easy to grasp right of the bat. The puzzles while rather straight forward for a seasoned gamer arnt to basic that you'll fall asleep but also not so controller snapingly difficult that a more casual gamer couldnt handle it.The word ""spiritla"" comes to mind when I think of this game, I really cant think of any way to describe it other then ICO or Shadow of the Colossus, but that being said the ""story"" is pretty unclear and while I got a general grasp of it I never really fully understood what was being presented to me but maybe thats a good thing, like when you show people a piece of art they may have many different inturpretations of what they think it means or what messege its trying to get across and this game really is a piece of modern art.The game if fairly short, I've beaten the main story after just under three hours of gameplay but looking at the achievments theres more to do and unlock.At $10 theres no reason not to buy this game, its a wonderful work of art and we need alot more like it."
,Recommended,320820,17322362,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Hemlock,"I can only reccomned this game if you can hook up a controller to your computer. There are many parts that I could not acomplish without frustration using a keyboard and mouse, as soon as i switched to an xbox controller, the gameplay became fun.It's a has a fantastic mysterious story. You end up filling in the gaps with your own interpretation of events.You can beat the game in 2 hours and complete all the content. There are a few choices in the game, but as far as I can tell they are cosmetic choices that don't affect the gameplay or story."
76561197970822860,Recommended,320820,16449183,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Hoyden,"A lovely little game, short and to the point. The gameplay is reasonable, but the story and the world are where this game shines.All the pieces fit together beautifully, the art and music setting the tone for each stage in your journey up the tower."
76561198086538488,Recommended,320820,17900355,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Smelph [Edward OH],"the idea was very cool but could have had better execution.  Seems like with some refinement the developer could do something really cool with this as their foundation.  that said, the controls are a little wonky so if you can find your way past that, this is a neat little game.  Try to get it on sale maybe as it's only a coupel hours long though."
76561197969039781,Recommended,320820,19666354,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TrinityKnight,"I can tell that Sword Tales and Versus Evil, both Indie companies, have put alot of heart and soul into this cultural gaming project. I believe that they were restrained by time and budget as I believe it was more of a project that grew into something they could sell as it went along. Despite this, it is still heartfelt and rich with symbolism and the artstyle, albeit different than what you are used to seeing a multimillion dollar project still allows moments of beauty and atmosphere. I would recommend picking it up on sale if you are a saavy consumer, however, if you are of a higher mindset and wish to support the indie developers, likely still in or just out of college, then this title is a great purchase. Be aware, that the playtime will be short, clocking in about 3 hours or less and is mostly for the story and atmosphere with some splashes of puzzles, strategy, platforming and action moments thoughout. I hope you find this review accurate and choose to support small studios such as this one. Thank you."
76561198174042173,Recommended,320820,19313439,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,jhead,"Never reviewed a game before, so here goes.I just got this on sale, and I'd say it was worth the sale price. It feels too short overall for the full price, but it is a beautiful game with a unique story. It's a bit confusing at times what's going on with the story, but the jist is that you're Moonchild, a girl who is destined to return night to her world which has been cursed with eternal sunlight protected by a dragon. You have to climb the tower with the Tree of Life and slay the dragon to bring back the night.It's a pretty cool game, but like I said, it's short. My only other complaint is that at times the controls feel off. They seem to lag just a second behind the button press sometimes, or last a second too long. Luckily this isn't a game where that generally means the difference between life and death, but it's a little bit annoying.Overall, I recommend it, but probably not for the full $9.99. Get it on sale if you can."
,Recommended,320820,19208725,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,wonder_cube,"This is a very short, lovely game. Abstract, poetic, distinct visual style. Reminiscent of ICO. Not a lot of content. I would recommend getting this on sale. I would love to see this game expanded upon in another installment/reimagining someday. It has some unique elements that are really cool. I would certainly buy another one.PROSBeautiful world/character design. It's fairytale meets Princess Mononoke (aesthetically).CONSExtremely clunky controls - you might kill yourself a few times by walking off an edge. The game recommends playing with a controller, but I don't have one so I used a mouse/key. Worked well enough, but there are a few levels where the controls invert so it can get confusing.Get this game if you're looking to waste 1 or 2 hours, do not get this game if you need fluid/detailed combat to enjoy a game. It's very much a puzzle-solver with some light combat. You only use one button to interact with the world in addition to the directional pad."
76561198079289220,Recommended,320820,21268590,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Alecarius,"A phylosophical tale, not unlike Journey. A can't miss for players who like slower games."
76561198074936332,Recommended,320820,18377777,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Wanderer🌻,"I really like the visual, they're pretty. The controls are a bit clunky. Though I like the feel of this game. If you have no problem with the control aspect then sure go for it, play the heck outta this game. The game is just very beautiful and I love the soundtracks, they're as equally as beautiful. I absolutely enjoyed this game so much. It's amazing. It may look a bit clunky or slow but I don't think so. The keyboard controls are a little off but I'm fine with that, I just love this game."
,Recommended,320820,21850000,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Shine,"This game only barely comes through as recommended.The story, music, world and character design are all fantastic. I loved what it presented and would have liked to see more of it all.Sadly, the game is also disgustingly short, and suffers from pretty mediocre gameplay along with bugs(mostly graphical glitches but some platforming issues too)The platforming just makes it tedious, buying time for what would have be an even shorter game.All in all, I feel this game would have been better as a simple walking simulator, as the 'puzzles' do nothing to benefit the worthy aspects of the game."
,Recommended,320820,21956603,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,WidescreenRules,"""Toren"" is an enjoyable, if not very difficult, game that focuses mostly on story with some light platforming elements. The story is very intriguing, the environment is imaginative, and the music is hauntingly beautiful. Becuase the focus is more about telling a story, don't expect to have too much action and some of the things that you need to do are a bit repetitive, but it's different enough from other games that I definitely recommend it if you're looking to broaden your horizons when it comes to narratives.With a few exceptions, this game looks wonderful with NVIDIA's stereoscopic 3D, even if it wasn't designed to be that way. The title screen is jaw dropping 3D mode and closing credits are amazing to look at. A moderate amount of character haloing does exist but it doesn't detract from the 3D enjoyment.Positives:- Intriguing story- Wonderful soundtrack- Good for when you want a shorter game that it's particularly difficult- Looks wonderful in stereoscopic 3DNegatives:- The story feels like it needs more explanation- Some puzzle elements feel repetitive"
76561198033855244,Recommended,320820,21977208,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ragnarokchock,"Toren is a very short but magical game. The only thing I can compare it to is ICO. I got the same feeling at the start of ICO as i had at the early part and throughout Toren. ICO is a much more posilished game but i'm focused on the feelings I had while playing and after. The gameplay is good but nothing special. The visuals do the game justice but again are nothing to write home about. This game just makes you want to play to the end, and it was worth playing through. The controls were not great and sometimes frustrating. The soundtrack was ok as well. I know this is a by the numbers review but if you like a good story and are ok with it ending quick this is completely worth a look!"
76561198028033871,Recommended,320820,20984213,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,First Mate Buddy,"Embark on a journey where an infant is sent to her death to slay a ♥♥♥♥ing ugly♥♥♥♥♥dragon with a stone sword with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ powers. You traverse a beautiful world filled only with dirt, a tower, a kinda pretty tree, and hope that this game will be ♥♥♥♥ing good.Steel yourself as you battle tiny useless gremlins that die in one hit ( you ♥♥♥♥ing fight them like...twice in the game) and have epic battles with the dragon that trolls you throughout this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game...someone please redo this ugly♥♥♥♥♥dragon.Hit him 3 times to kill him. the end.Oh and some old♥♥♥♥♥pervert talks to you throughout the game...is pretty good.don't buy unless on sale. and even if it is one sale. rethink your life and remember there are better things in this world than ugly♥♥♥♥♥dragons and sending infants to save the world on their own."
,Recommended,320820,20980092,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Alluz,"While this is a positive review it still doesn't mean that Toren couldn't have used some more time in developement. It has a ton of clipping issues, wonky controls, camera issues (Once during a cutscene a piece of scenary blocked me from seeing anything.) and the game is pretty short (I finished the game in little over 2 hours.), oh and for some reason if your controller dies while playing the controls default back to keyboard...nice experience during a fight.Still even with all this baggage I liked Toren. It really reminded me of Ico and anything that can remind me of that game cannot be that bad.But I recommend getting this on a sale. 10€ is just too steep IMO."
76561198042063677,Not Recommended,320820,20667484,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Marishka,"I got this game a while ago in a bundle and was very excited to play.  I had heard a lot of good things about it, both on and offline, but to save myself from spoilers I hadn't looked at any videos.  I really wish I had.  Toren was just one frustration after another, leaving me a grumpy mess in the end and causing me to write my very first review on Steam.  You did it, Toren, you broke my silence.Cons:First of all, the controls are abysmal.  I used the Steam Controller to play and thought at first that maybe I had picked the wrong setting.  After a few tweaks...and a few more...and then more, I gave up and realized it's not me, it's you.  I reset the setting to default and got on with it.  Twenty minutes later I'm ready to destroy worlds in my frustration.  I cannot tell you how many times I ran off cliffs, or almost did, and had to here ""oh!"" ""ooh!"" ""ohhh!"" as she cartwheels her arms.  I had barley started turning her and she was already falling off again.  Girl, get your act together and just turn around!There were also odd little moments where I would walk by something, like a tree branch or a whole in the wall and, without my prompting, without me even moving towards it, I would suddenly be walking across the branch or ducking through a hole in the wall.  Why?  Seriously, why?  I was just trying to walk past, and because I got within ten feet of it I'm suddenly going that way?  It was then a case of trying to run around, get off the branch and walk away without triggering it again.  And then triggering it again anyway.  Or ducking back under the wall three times because her turning circle is utter bums.The checkpoint system I'm a little two faced about.  Possibly the game is trying to punish the player by making them trek endlessly back from the beginning of a 'dream' sequence if they die.  Possibly the game just can't get its head together and play nice.  If the first, fine, it's teaching you to play slow and learn and take baby steps so you don't run off the same cliff you're just trying. to. walk. by.  If the second, then...then whatever, I'm disappoint anyway, I guess I'll just play this same bit of the game over and over and over ad nauseam.Lastly was the camera system.  My first indication that I was going to have a fair little fight with it should have been the little into movie.  It 'clicked' around.  I can't think of a better word to describe it then that.  It seemed to click, or jump, from one scene to the next, like I had blinked and missed something, but it was just the camera moving.  It wasn't smooth and it just looked weird.  It was the same as I was playing the game.  I would turn a corner, or climb up something, and click! new angle and now I'm falling off a cliff because I'm no longer going up while I'm pushing up, I'm going right.  Right off a cliff.  THANKS.  I struggled with this the entire time I played because it was so unpredictable.I had to stop playing near the end.  I paused the game, got food, and when I came back my controller was nonfunctional.  By the time I got back into the game, I had to reload from a checkpoint right at the beginning of the board and my sanity just said NOPE.  So off the game went.Pros:The music I suppose?  Although it was mostly just soft backround noise, it worked well with the game and the quiet little sadness the game seemed to try and portray.  Woo?The story was very beautiful, what I saw of it.  And seeing/finding all of the statues and trying to guess what she had been doing before she froze was pretty cool.  While I haven't finished the game fully (sorry my sanity is more important Toren, but I'll finish you when I'm not a huddled mess of grump and annoyance) what I have seen so far is enough to make me want to come back some day and see the rest of it.  So that's good, I suppose.The art wasn't terrible.  A lot of it was really beautiful, what I got to see of it.  Some of the most beautiful things happened while I was reading the wizard guys words.  I either missed what he said, or I got to see just a half second of something very pretty.  Not enough time to read the story, or not enough time to enjoy the beauty around me.  Like I said, though: at least the story is good.All in all, while I'm quite sure I will go back to Toren and finish it, I'm equally sure I will never play it all the way through ever again.  I like my sanity the way it is, and would rather not lose what little is left on a game I'm only getting to half enjoy.Poor little baby-bubs game!  You had so much potential!Not recommended."
,Recommended,320820,20231317,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,thainen,"Thisis a game about agirl who climbs a tower to fight a dragon. It pretendsto have a deeper meaning, but the more words it uses, the more abstract it gets, so let's just stick to basics: girl, tower, dragon. Lofty words here are just decorations.The game itself is an amateurish attempt at making someting like ICO. From the aesthetic point of view, it's beautiful, though unpolished. If Shadow of the Colossus was a Giorgio de Chirico's painting come alive, this one guides us through a series of dreamscapes more like the works of Yves Tanguy or Salvador Dali. The music matches the visuals, creating a gorgeous meditative experience.Gameplay, though, falls short. The game is not a ""walking simulator"", but neither is it a full-fledged action adventure. Puzzles and action sequences are barely there, either taking just a token effort or making you wonder what exactly you did wrong as you fall to you death again and again.Still, the gameplay, no matter how watery and inconsistent it is, stays bearable and does not interfere with the game's aesthetic experience. Since it's short -- just a couple of hours -- the dull gameplay is forgivable, and the game is worth playing."
,Recommended,320820,19880541,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[NC] GanjaNinja,"2.9 hours into the game, i find this game pretty confusing but for some odd reason i am hooked to it. Not the perfect graphics, but the tale is pretty interesting and i am seeing the growth of the game and the character little by little. I don't know what to expect next, maybe thats why im liking this.Edit:just finished the game. Love the art style and a really short game,5 hours of game play. But if you follow the story its a really decent game and worth the money."
,Recommended,320820,20200342,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Neometalero,"A nice looking plataformer game, with a charming story, but i didnt understan it at all, well i finished it, so i can said is good. 3d animations were awfull, and they have 3 animator so wtf happenned? 2d animations were great thow."
76561198045455904,Recommended,320820,20273271,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ecbiermann,"Playing this game really reminds me of the game Ico for ps2. You really get the feeling that you’re isolated in this giant tower. It’s you versus the tower and the dragon.  There seems to be a little bit of a delay between the controls and the actions in the game which gets very frustrating, and will lead to a few wtf deaths. Over all it’s an okay game, seems like It needed a little more polishing before it was released.I’d give this game 7 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,320820,20377643,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Crowbar,"This game has a nice story, but the gameplay lacks. Not much replayability."
76561198004711546,Not Recommended,320820,20388558,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Squiggles,"Putting this one solidly in the no catagory.Pros:Good soundtrackGood atmosphereCons:Not much in terms of gameplay.Short.Boring.The game seemed like it could be interesting so I bought it during the winter sale. But honestly it was a struggle to get through for me. There isn't much gameplay at all, it's got a hint of puzzle solving with almost no combat to speak of. The game itself seemed like it was trying to be deep but fell short and just throws poetic nonsense at you. From what I gathered of the story: Wizard builds tall tower, sun gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and turns it into eternal day, wizard turns moon into a child with infinite lives, for some reason this involves killing a dragon that turns things to stone, moonchild grows like a weed, kills dragon with some soldier guy, moonrises, game done.TL;DR: It's has almost no gameplay, if you're interested in the story watch someone play it on youtube."
76561197995139458,Recommended,320820,20367777,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sigmundo,"Great art style with an engaging if somewhat cryptic storyline. Pretty short but well worth the money I paid for it. The only problems I encountered was the camera being dodgy but this only happened twice. Also clipped through some ledges but pretty minor. A fun little game, would give it 4/5."
,Recommended,320820,20326375,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bugroth,"Highly immersive, beautiful graphics, decent storyline."
,Recommended,320820,20582287,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,WofMnlght,"Lindo, simplesmente lindo. Sinto orgulho de ter jogado uma obra tão bela produzida por compatriotas, a todos envolvidos eu lhes dou os meus mais sinceros votos de agradecimento e de prosperidade em futuras obras. Ambientação impecável e grandiosa trilha sonora, a qual eu estou aqui agradecendo diretamento ao compositor por tau encanto, uso magnífico das cores em cenários estonteantes de tão belos. Jogabilidade um pouco tanto estranha, pelo menos eu a estranhei, mas, as ideias em relação a mesma ali executadas são ótimas. A única coisa que me deixou triste é que o jogo foi muito curtinho :'( Um jogo que me trouxe o mesmo sentimento de encantamento a cerca de sua beleza assim comoShadow of the Colossus e Child of Light, o qual é brasileiro e desacreditado por muitos. Deem um voto de confiança e deixem esta obra de arte 'tupiniquim' encantar seus corações assim como encantou o meu u.u"
,Not Recommended,320820,20603607,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Napoleon Blownapart,"Toren is like somebody described Zeno Clash's art style to someone with no programming skills, then handed them ""Unreal Engine 3 for Dummies"" and gave them 12 hours to make a game based on  a sketch of ICO they drew on a cocktail napkin"
,Recommended,320820,20617312,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Rhubarb,"I have to do the dragon fight with Solidor four times because the dragon bugs out and grabs me when I go for the hit. The game gets stuck for some reason, I get words of wisdom from old dude, and then it spawns me LITERALLY in the dragon's hand again thus it's another game over, old dude gives me more advice and then the screen goes back to the dragon where I get to look at him until I  manually restart from the last checkpoint and do the whole thing again. This game had some broken bits to it that could be overlooked, but this is bringing me to a hot simmer.EDIT: NOTE! If you are in sword's length from the dragon, don't do anything but hit it. If you move it will grab you and make you reload the checkpoint. Changed from ""not recommended"" to ""recommended"". Beating the game cooled me off. Also Achievements are not bugged, they just don't activate until you leave the game for some reason.The game looks nice and the story is like an origin story for the world. I support it to see what else the studio might make with more experience and a bigger budget."
76561197992701007,Recommended,320820,19803745,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,zebornic,"A short but interesting game. In combine platforming, enviromental pussels, and a few action sequenses. In those aspects it's nothing special, and it's not difficult by any standard. Where it shines those is the atmophere, vague but interesting story, and it's music. I like going through the game just trying to find out who the main character is and what has happened to the world. I recommend to play it through in one sitting, shouldn't take more than 2 hours."
,Recommended,320820,19990311,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dehexed,"A beatiful story, especially liked the ending."
,Recommended,320820,24719770,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Leonhard Euler,"Very short, has some clunkiness, but is very beautiful and pulls some nice inspiration from Ico"
76561198043114698,Recommended,320820,24608089,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Pru_Gen,An artistic masterpiece amazing music and story will worth playing  you will only get two hours out of it but if its on sale be sure to pick it up
76561198056902770,Recommended,320820,24543799,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lios,"This game is a feast for the eyes.The immagery is very esoteric, placed in a colourfull world, with a short little story that alludes at the story of the babylon tower.I guess this is not a game that you ""get it"" but one you enjoy, kinda like waltching a lava lamp."
76561198035461472,Recommended,320820,24970366,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KlumsyK,"Very inspiring. Not very long, not very difficult. Good story. If mostly abstract. My experience was that it seemed rough and jaunty at first, but as I kept playing I saw the color and variety the game had to offer. If the story seems too esoteric at first, I recommend that you stick with it. This is not, in my opinion, a swindle, or a ""blank canvas"" type art piece, like we are used to seeing. I think it is an original and very positive experience."
,Recommended,320820,26409183,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RaspberrySleuth,"Beautiful game, charming story, amazing art and aesthetics.The animation is a bit akward though, I don't think it really ruins the gameplay for me but I know some people don't like that.It is a short game so maybe wait till its on sale :)"
76561198054765750,Recommended,320820,19370187,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,gumpc48,"It's a short 2hr game. I'd recommed on a sale for that reason. It has simpliesitc puzzles, and a lovely soundtrack. It's a nice piece of art to play."
76561198001345307,Not Recommended,320820,27385930,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gyomalin,"Confusing. I'm not sure if the authors were just throwing cliches at us or if they really had a good concept in mind. I guess I'll never find out.The whole game has a ""prophetic"" ambiance, but it's not fun to play and I don't get why I should care about the protagonist or the world."
,Not Recommended,320820,26331413,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,jk,"There's an interesting and beautiful game deep down in here, but the execution fumbles at nearly every step. The controls and animations feel laggy, you jump through about 5 or 6 different environments in the first 10 minutes, none of which feel connected, and you're guided to sequences before you have any idea what you're getting into.The first time I died, I was taken to a location I had never seen before, and the first interactible location took me into a dream sequence in yet another disconnected environment. After a few deaths from experimenting with things in this dream, I could no longer jump, thus completely preventing me from progressing at all. When I exited from the pause menu, I had to wait through the splash screens again so that I could exit from the main menu. Even getting out of Toren was unintuitive and frustrating.Again, there is a great game here, but the number of technical and design issues prevent it from being a really good experience - or in my case, playable at all. I may have gotten particularly unlucky, but general QA should have picked up the issues I ran into."
76561198073014470,Recommended,320820,26323169,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Xabdrol,"If you want a short story-driven game then this is for you. It is by no means perfect with plenty of graphical glitches and a few frustrating bugs. It makes up for it with an intriguing story, well built environments and an interesting art style."
,Recommended,320820,26362116,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,conniferusblack,"In not so many wordsI purchased Toren on sale after reading the reviews and it is definitely worth playing for the experience but if you are looking for a game with replayability, complex gameplay, open world interactions and long hours to log in, this won't be the game for you.Things I like most about the game:Beautiful art styleLovely orchestral soundtrackThings that could have been better:Less clunky graphics and glitches (clipping will happen a lot)Simplistic gameplayLack of checkpoints, forcing to start over at a farther point than neededConfusing and cryptic direction of plotGoing into more detail (no spoilers)Toren has a very cyptic way of telling its story, even after just finishing it -- not even sure if I was able to fully comprehend what had happened.Strangely enough, even with the cons outnumbering the pros, I still ended up enjoying my experience.Those hiccups and annoyances are very small and it never actually comes off as being immensely frustrating unless you are impatient. I had moments where I thought, ""I should stop and do something else"", but then the screen would load and I'd just start playing again.Toren does a great job of at least keeping you interested in the environment and that's probably what got me to stay every time I swayed.And when I say ""simplistic gameplay"", it really is as simple as it gets. You have your interact button, that also doubles as your attack button. And then you have your jump button. Literally. That's it.I only had a couple moments where the interact button didn't react when I wanted but, like I stated before, it was never annoying since the game is very gentle in your mistakes or when you falter. I only died a few times and it was only when I was figuring things out.If you come close to an edge, your character will react and give you a chance to step back.If you still fall, she will manage to grip the ledge and give you a chance to climb up again.It will only be unforgiving when it comes to attacking the dragon (not really a spoiler, I mean, he's kind of there a min into the game so...). If you don't attack the dragon and just stand there, you die. But that's just common sense, you know?But I feel like I should end with a good note and that has to be the orchestral soundtrack and the art style.Really, really beautiful. And I feel like they have such a great vision, I really want to see more from these developers becuase of it.The art style is bright, beautiful and vivid. Though I feel like they could have incorporated the different medium they illustrated in two of their cutscenes in the whole game. When you play, you'll see what I mean. One of those moments where I was like, ""Wow, that's really interesting"" and yet you only see this style being used twice. In addition, the ending credits are just downright gorgeous, and I felt slightly bereft that this was not something they could have included in the main game either.The soundtrack is definitely worth a listen even if you don't play the game. Reminded me a lot of Journey and Shadow of the Colossus and how the music really enhanced the experience of the game rather than just being there."
,Recommended,320820,32053445,Posted: 29 May,all,killer-pineapples,"While the art in this game is very beautiful, and i get an idea of something more, the story is at times a little convoluted and unclear. Its beatable and 100% achievable in a little under 3 hours, and feels more like an atmosphere piece than anything else. It's good if you keep an open mind and don't go into it expecting the world. Just the experience of the game is payoff on its own."
,Recommended,320820,33205711,Posted: 3 July,all,Jakwiebus,"The Idea is good: a good looking atmospheric game with a (albeit vague) story line.The game has lots of potential but left some vast room for improvement. The graphics are most of the times nice, but sometimes straight from the '90's. Game-play is unpolished, but doable with a controller. story line is somewhat vague, but I think I got the gist. I would really want this to be a 100% achievement game, but honestly, I don't know if I want to replay this game.I'm recommending this game to support the developers, so that they might grow to finish better games in the future.But I cannot recommend buying this at full price. but €2 is fine for 2h of mixed fun."
,Recommended,320820,31071847,Posted: 10 April,all,Sullindir,"A brief game with a story like a mythical folk tale. This title is more about setting and concept than it is about mechanics or a challenge. It offers a simple narrative with strong themes offered in a few points, and each chapter uses color intelligently in painting a scene.While Toren is a video game, the conventions it employs create a different experience. I would recommend this title only to a very specific audience seeking a narrative rather than a game. I would not mind seeing Toren reimagined into a full adventure campaign in the future as this game presents a strong foundation to be built upon."
,Not Recommended,320820,29191261,Posted: 11 January,all,Citrus,"Toren is a very pretty game. I don't think I can recommend this game though. I might give this game another shot because I hoenstly didn't play it for very long because I got frustrated because I felt like the movement wasn't great, and navigating was a bit difficult. I also got confused at a certain part and didn't know what to do. I got this on sale, so I didn't break bank on this, but I still wish I didn't buy this. I think I'd rather watch someone else play than have to play through myself."
76561198008920530,Recommended,320820,29734027,Posted: 5 February,all,Wiccacow,"If you LOVE Ico, you'll like this.Gamplay? Not revolutionary by any means. Story? Also not revalutionary. But the way the story is told makes it memorable, and Iearning in the credits that this is this studio's FIRST game - it's phenominal, and there is a lot of heart in it.It took me about two hours to beat, start to finish in one sitting, but it felt like four hours. Is that a bad thing? Not at all. The length had everything to do with my focus, and not with the occasionally tedius parts. (Basically, don't be like me and try to experiment by jumping off of things. The game is NOT kind when it comes to checkpoints - except for the final boss. Then it is very forgiving.)Speaking of the boss - If you're like me, you find the majority of endings and boss fights disappointing and lackluster. This case isn't epic of awe-inspiring, but they were incredibly appropriate for the game. It feels like a complete package, with no strong points, no weakpoints, just a consisten experience throughout. It's a good think-piece too.None of the 'puzzles' are particularly difficult - there's one that comes to mind that was a bit irritating. But the boss fight lived up to being a challenge - using what the game taught us throughout, as well as a bit of thinking and mix and match. You'll try the first thing that comes to mind, to find that it didn't work how you expected the game to operate. I had a very happy moment when I figured out precisely what to do. Maybe I'm slow or easy to impress, but I play a lot of games.The visuals aren't particularly stunning, but they're imaginative, and the music alone is awesome! If you look into the game and think it isn't for you, I would urge you to maybe get it just for the soundtrack.Would I recommend this game at full price? Not really. Wait for a sale that puts it at $5 or under, and I promise it'll feel worth its salt. Unless you're someone who delights only in unique gameplay or freedom of play. Then maybe skip over this one.Does it have replay value? Maybe if the visuals streike you hard enough. As-is, I have all but two achievements, so if I play again, it'll be explicitly to collect those. I'm certainly curious as to where I skipped or missed things!"
,Recommended,320820,29633536,Posted: 1 February,all,GarrickWinter,"Toren is a great bad game. Or maybe it's a bad great game. I'm not really sure.The art is gorgeous, for one thing, and there's an enthralling dreamlike quality to the entire experience. The narration, delivered mostly through text, is obtuse but doesn't quite veer into purple prose, so that's a plus. And again, holy hell, these people know how to set up a few beautiful scenes. Wow. On paper at least, even the combat and the puzzles are well-done - just straightforward enough to figure out without too much failure or frustration, and fittingly used and reused throughout the game.On the other hand, the animation is janky as all hell, which is a shame since the stuff being animated looks so great. Most of the time it looks like props are just being shifted up and down on a sine curve. The camera is atrocious, too, which is a problem given that your character always moves forward relative to the camera. You basically have zero control over it, and getting the character to go in the right direction can be tricky, especially when the camera is constantly moving without even warning you first.That said, it's really short, and I think that if you're willing to put up with some jankiness, it might be worth a shot anyway, for the art and the atmosphere. Hopefully this studio's next game will be a bit more polished, but I'll keep an eye on them."
,Recommended,320820,31278366,Posted: 21 April,all,Arasan,"Really heartwarming.Its a very short game that relies on music, art, and lore. An ""experience"" to go through.Don't get me wrong though; it is not boring; the gameplay flow is very engaging.Now, it had a FEW minor bugs, but hey, its made by the Brazilian ministry of....education...?? so I assume its made by students (which is phenominal, considering how this game is very beautiful and polished)Again, its a really short game (about an hour and a half long), but it is truly enjoyable. give it a try at some point! :D"
,Recommended,320820,31324552,Posted: 23 April,all,Bob,"Toren is a short but satisfying game. There is limited combat (which is good as the controls are somewhat clunky), it is mostly just simple puzzles. There are a couple of puzzles in particular that I thought were nice. It looks pretty enough and the story decent. All in all it is okay, it is a game I enjoyed playing but probably not one that is going to stick in my memory."
76561198020621343,Recommended,320820,31398806,Posted: 27 April,all,Carpule,"This game has so much potential for turning into a proper game. I hope they make a Toren 2 solving all those things that made Toren clunky, even with a controller."
76561198064773930,Recommended,320820,33207456,Posted: 3 July,all,Fragarach,I would recommend this game to those who enjoy symbolism and mythology in visuals and story. Be warned though gameplay is below par and very clunky in control.
,Not Recommended,320820,33859725,Posted: 28 July,all,Moonlight,"It is a bit sad that I have to write a negative review for this game, because I really liked parts of it. The story has a few good moments, the art direction (if yet not executed well in terms of graphical fidelity) is quite beautiful and the ending is actually solid to a surprising degree. There is potential here: however, it is sadly unrealised for the most part.The controls and animations of this game are... rough, to say the least. The product feels unfinished, and it shows in every part of the game; there is not simply one thing wrong with this game, most things are wrong about it. They don't quite break the game, however (I did make it to the ending, and it wasn't THAT hard to adapt to the clunky controls). What breaks the game is the static camera angles. They're simply overlooking the wrong things, switching sometimes for no reason, and makes moving around really awkward since you can't see where you can jump or not. In a game with platforming elements like Toren, this is a dealbreaker for sure.Add to this a bunch of choices in terms of game and level design. Sometimes they're quite good, the best parts of the game are when you're simply moving forward towards your enemy and on the way grab onto something because of strong winds, or shift a block to solve a puzzle. However, there are parts that are just odd, like a level in total darkness where you can only move and solve puzzles when lightning flashes. Cool in movies, less cool in a game where you literally can't do anything for 5 to 10 seconds at a time because you didn't quite catch everything you were supposed to see in the flash. Not to mention a level with invisible floor where you kind of just have to... guess where to walk. The choices are really strange, especially given that the controls are so weak; I'm thinking it's a byproduct of the developers' creativity, forgetting to cut the ideas that don't work in practice.The story... oh, the story. At parts it's solid, with a strong theme (which is important), but a lot of the time it's hard to follow the narrative because of it leaning on over-cryptical language. When making something with ""prophecy language"", I believe it's important to have a clear view of what it is you're supposed to convey. This is a clear example of how not to do that. Honestly, it comes off as the developers trying to be clever, instead of slimming the story down and making it heartfelt instead. This might be a bit harsh, but it's not as clever as it wants to be either, since the different parts and supposed meanings don't quite fit with eachother.In the end, Toren is an unfinished game that had the potential to be truly solid. It is sad, but you should probably stay away from this one."
,Recommended,320820,34433869,Posted: 23 August,all,Valxantr,"TL;DR - 5/10 (great story/ost/atmosphere, whacky controls, too short and little bit disappointing about the ending)Finished the game with (ALMOST) 100% Achievements in a casual run in two hours. I must admit I really loved the atmosphere and the soundtrack. Tören is a nice relaxing game and sometimes even overwhelming in terms of emotion. The narrator of the story (seemingly your mentor?) keeps the mystery of the Moonchild going until the very end (which is a little bit disappointing)Tbh, it was a little of a rollercoaster ride for me:As I said, the soundtrack and the atmosphere are amazing but there is a this odd gameplay and the controls are whacky. Not sure if it's my Steelseries bluetooth controller or if it's really the game, but there are no hard battles or quicktime events or any of this so the input-delay and the unprecise movement didn't bother me after half an hour or so.I don't want to spoil much of the story because it keeps you thinking throughout the whole game. Sometimes giving me even a ""Dark Souls""-esque feeling in terms of Lore, but for the story alone I would recommend it (if you're into that and willing to adapt to the lack of controls).However, imho, it's not worth the full price, so wait for a sale ;)P.S. English is not my mother tongue so please bear with any mistakes :D"
,Recommended,320820,34186164,Posted: 12 August,all,Turd Ferguson,"Toren's art and setting bring to mind games like Okami and Shadow of the Colossus. Colorful environments and interesting set pieces give style and personality to the little bit of the world we're shown (much of it takes place in/around the tower you're destined to climb). The story progresses at a relatively fast pace throughout the game, which I completed in under three hours: just long enough so as to not overstay its welcome. However, as one other reviewer noted, I was glad when I reached the ending because...Several major gameplay aspects are lacking a bit of polish that would make everything feel solid. While the majority of interactions and puzzles are well-implemented and intuitive, there were a few outliers during my playthrough that led to frustration. In these cases, I either didn't do a thingjust right(standing just out of place, etc.), or else I was looking for the wrong solution because previous visual cues led me to think a certain way. Moving/jumping feels a little choppy at times, and the rare odd camera placement led to a few fall deaths, but for the most part my button pressing resulted in what I wanted to happen.Although I did spout my fair share of expletives over a few failures, the above issues weren't gamebreakers. One reviewer said that the lack of polish gives this game character. True enough; it did harken back to PS2 era action/platformers for me, but some may find these features more frustrating than nostalgic. All in all, Toren was worth the experience, and I recommend giving it a go to absorb the story and world that these guys created."
76561198009238131,Recommended,320820,34775973,Posted: 6 September,all,Derelict,"Once again I find myself having played an indie game from South America and thinking : ""this is not great game design"", ""there is little satisfying gameplay here"" and ""this is simplistic"".However, once again I finish the game and realise these thoughts completely miss the point.Along the lines of games like Papo & Yo (albeit not as well executed I'll admit) this is a game about atmosphere, about an endeavour that is more important in it's personal meaning than in it's challenge or novelty. It's sadly unusual origin means there is that little unusual way of presenting things, that different art style we're less used to in these small games.This also means, as it usually is with these simplistic art games, if it doesn't ring with you you're going to be bored to hell. It's easy, simple, short, exploration is I feel not well executed, but I still came out of it feeling I played something new and personal."
