user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,320840,12974827,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Esch,"A FLAWED REMASTERINGI fondly remember playing Wings on my old Amiga some 20 years ago, spending MANY hours playing it over and over again. It was probably my favorite Amiga game ever. Although this remastering looks great graphically, it's incredibly flawed and not an exact copy of the original. It's still fun to play, but if you've ever played the original, you may be disappointed as I am.GAME MECHANCS AND PRE-MISSION TEXTMy biggest problem with the game is that it totally ignores all the mission text you see right before you jump in to dogfight. I'm talking about the white narration text on a black background just before the mission starts. Numerous times it will read ""We surprised them and came up on their tails"" or ""We spotted the enemy down below"", but EVERY SINGLE TIME you start and the enemy are STRAIGHT ahead of you. Ever. Single. Time. Nothing changes. VERY lazy developers!The original game actually followed this text and sometimes missions threw you in really bad starting positions where the enemy is on your tail or coming up from the side or something. With this version, EVERY mission starts out the same and it gets really boring after a while. My dogfight tactic of choice always is to point up to the sky, get as high as I can, then dive the enemy as they pass under me to attack the AI planes. It never fails and is just as predictable as the missions are.YOU CAN NO LONGER LAND YOUR PLANE SAFELYIn the original game, sometimes your plane would take so much damage and you would have to force a landing. Sometimes you would crash into another plane and have to force a landing. Sometimes you walked away, other times you didn't. In this version everything is considered instant death, so when you crash that's it, no walking away.THE REASON IT WAS CALLED ""CINEMA""WAREOne of the things that was great about the original game was that if an enemy got on your tail, it would enter this ""cinema mode"" where all of a sudden it's like you're watching an old film and you're in 3rd person view behind the enemy plane chasing yours, allowing you to try to shake it off (which then put you back in 1st person view if you succeeded.) In this game that is totally gone, so if a plane does get behind you, you have to work a little harder to find where it is.BOMBING RUNSI am only half way through the game, so this may come up later, but in the original, if you were bombing an aerodrome and enemy planes managed to take off, you actually had to fight them as they flew down from the top of the screen. I have yet to see this happen in this version.OVERALLIt is still fun, but the fact each dogfight mission starts out exactly the same is what kills this game for me. I miss the original version!"
,Recommended,320840,12961107,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Aussiedroid,"Cinemawaregames back on the Amiga had a certain magic about them. When you clicked the disk into the drive and started to load you instantly knew you were in for something special.Wingswas one of the real standouts, at the time, it was one-of-a-kind and interestingly I can still say the same 25 years later! WWI games continue to be rare.A valid argument against Wings is that the gameplay is too simple, and yes, by modern gaming standards, the gameplay is rather basic more akin to a casual game. It is also rather easy so hardcore gamers might find limited enjoyment. The introduction of saving your progress every 5 missions could have been excluded in my view considering the overall difficulty.That being said, it still has something many modern games often lack, and that is atmosphere & immersion. InWings, this is created primarily by the ongoing story shared in the form of a(now spoken)diary, vividly putting you into the mind of a British WWI fighter pilot from snot-nosed rookie to seasoned ace. You get a strong sense of their fears & ongoing personal challenges as they patrol the front, and when you realise that the average life expectancy of a new pilot in WWI was only 11 days it really drives home the emotions those pilots must have had going up in fragile wooden bi-planes day in and day out on what must have seemed a never ending war.Along with the 'humanising' components of the story, there is also a good dose of historical context(although somewhat one sided as you cannot play as a German pilot). Wings taught me more about the First World War & those pioneering fighter pilot days than any teacher did back in school!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=338614528The gameplay itself is split into three distinct modes; Dogfighting, Strafing & Bombing. Strafing & Bombing levels are top down/isometric views of your plane giving you a specific target to destroy(generally only last a few mins each run). These add some variety, although the real fun is in the dogfighting mode.In Dogfighting, it is more a simulator cockpit view(although it doesn't have the realism in controls to be considered a real simulator - check outRise of Flightfor a proper WWI sim). All of these modes feel very authentic to the original, although AI could have been improved for dogfighting. The real risk I have found, is not so much being shot down, but rather running into your wingmen or German pilots.Again, this comes back to my earlier point about the game being too easy as once you learn how to avoid collisions survival(& success)is almost guaranteed. Destroying the Balloons missions particularly offer no challenge. I always remembered there being a good chance of being shot down by AA fire in the original, yet I can head directly to a balloon in the remake and always get the win.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=338614556I am a bit torn in my view in one respect. While I really like the authentic re-creation, I would have also liked to seen more enhancements/improvements to counter the simplicity. To offer a harder challenge, keeping the soul ofWingsbut offer more variety. More work on different mission scenarios, improved plane controls(throttle?), different starting positions or altitudes(rather than always starting in front of you), better AI, even more randomness in plane destruction model or longer missions would have been welcome.Despite the repetitive nature of the game, and the relative ease,Wingscontinues to be so much fun to play. My first session I couldn't put this down for over 6 hours! It is perhaps the best & most authentic Amiga remake I have played to date. The musical score is top notch(can even enable original score!), voice acting is exceptional & graphical improvements(although not what you would consider awesome!)honour the original feel while adding more visual detail.Whether you are a fan of the original or never playedWingsbefore, this is truly a classic game. It has good replayability(due to the several hundred missions & ongoing story)& accessible to casual gamers while also teaching you a bit about the horrific years of the First World War.If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,320840,12526721,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Watcher™,"A faithful recreation of an all time classis.If you enjoyed Wings! on the Amiga, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,320840,16584926,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Necrolophous[PL],"I'm against giving good reviews to games only because of nostalgia. So I will try to give this game a note as it deserves, not because it's a new version of old-school classic, which I used to play a lot.This is arcade simulator during WWI. There are 3 types of mission, but most of all you will fight with enemy planes in dogfight style.It is true that missions are very repetitive, but I still have one more mission syndrome. So to be honest I don't even care that next mission is very similar to previous one, I just want to shoot down couple more enemy planes. The game is quite easy on the beginning but after some time, difficulty level grows up.I feel the same fun, as I felt many years ago playing original title on Amiga.VERDICT:If you like arcade plane simulators, you should give it a chance.If you're a fan of original Wings game, this is must have for you.But if you're a fan of serious simulators, this is kinda far away of it.Like this review? Consider to joinGood Games Giveaways & Reviewsgroup and maybe press big sexy ""Follow this curator"" button on ourcuration pageto read more reviews and win free games."
,Not Recommended,320840,17008698,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Titler,"What is Wings Remastered?It's a graphical update of an Amiga game by Cinemaware, indeed the first Amiga game I ever owned; and the thing you need to know about Cinemaware games is they attempted to tell a story, like old fashioned movies. Whether you enjoy the game then depends upon your ability to engage with narrative; one of the criticisms you'll see of the game is that some missions are too hard, putting you up against impossible odds. This is deliberate, your pilot is expected to die at some point, that's why you have a Memorial Wall for them, and a squadron you can keep adding new pilots into, who then also might die. In Bloody April life expectency for RFC pilots was down to two weeks, and this happens in game too; it's telling the story of the First World War, and you are only a part of that.Is Wings Remastered A Good Game If You've Never Played The Original?Here things get tricky. The central narrative remains charming and, if you forgive it certain liberties (it's written from an American perspective, when American volunteers were not that common pre-US entry: The Allies are always flying SE-5as long before they became available) tells an interesting, if occasionally movie cliche story.There are vertical scrolling and faux 3d shooting sections, and these have been faithfully implemented and are very short doses of fun, as they were in the original. However the core of the game is the 3d dogfighting and it is, sad to say, very shoddy. Your AI wingmen will shoot through you to try and hit targets, and the enemy NPCs will do the same, often flying into each other, and you out of target fixation.Pilots who have survived your mission with you, been credited with doing so on the post mission report, can actually die on the squadron update all the same. And whilst it is possible to save-scum a single pilot surviving the entire war (and in the Amiga original too, I've done it both on Hard here and there too) your chances of doing so are largely random because of the above AI issues. I've had my own wingmen ram me before trying to get at a target I was shooting at.Dogfighting, being a simplistic affair which you could perhaps understand back in the olden days, is here ruined by the spawning of the enemy directly in front of you every time. There is no other tactic than moving to one side, letting them charge your wingmen, and then sniping them off from behind.There is no volume levelling or clear three dimensions on the sounds either, so it's often hard to tell who is hitting what; is that noise coming from your shots landing, someone behind you hitting a different aeroplane, or...?Missions often contradict the charming writing, both on plane type, plane numbers or even the actual mission type; and can be won or lost because the actual conditions are met before you realise what you should have been doing. I've seen ""Shoot down fighters"" actually appear as both defend and intercept bombers, and if you don't notice the bomber in the scene (the friendly one will spawn behind you, so that's easy to do) and someone else shoots it first...The dogfight is also visually repetitive, only having a single scene that differs depending on light conditions and weather overlays.And some Achievements don't seem to work at all; so far completing the game, completing it without roll back and even bombing a simple truck don't work.However, I adored the original Wings. So I had some fun with the game all the same, and not just because of nostalgia. It's current price amount of fun though? Not at all. In all honesty it should be a £1-£5 purchase, at most. But...Is the Remastered game worth buying if you loved the original?Strangely, I have to say... No. There's some really weird, or just hamfisted issues with the game even compared to the original.The introductory movie is the most obvious one; the original was perfectly timed, to contrast the purr of the Wright Flyer's engine, the pacifist seeming quote from Orville Wright scrolls up to building crescendo, then ... another engine noise starts immediately, the dogfighting planes come from screen left machine gunning away. In this remake, it completely ruins the cinematic effect; the quote scrolls up slowly long after the crescendo has completely stopped,then there's a loading screenand then the intro continues. Dramatic moment completely ruined!Also they've not used the same length of character string for your pilot as in the original, so if you did own that game and had a long name, you have to truncate it now.As mentioned the AI just spawns in front of you now; originally they'd at least set up interesting starting positions. Those are gone now. Also gone are certain missions types, like being intercepted yourself and having to shake someone off your tail.I personally find the voice over added to the plot distracting, but that's personal taste. The original soundtrack is there if you want it however. But then so too is the originalgame; if you still own an Amiga and the original it actually costs less to buy both it and a licensed Amiga emulator than Wings Remastered! And if you are somewhat shady, ahem... it's completely free. As is the modern Rise of Flight for the basic F2P game, if you want far, far better graphics and a much better round experience.I'm somewhat glad I bought WR! all the same; but then as I say, I adored the original so it's revisiting an old dear friend for me. But I wouldn't recommend it to most of you, especially not at it's current price."
,Not Recommended,320840,20372124,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ShaggyMoose,"Like a lot of people surely did, I bought this game for nostalgia's sake. I remember enjoying it immensely when I was (a lot) younger and the remastered version seemed lovingly crafted, maintaining the feel of the original with just the right amount of graphical polish applied. And most certainly, the nostalgia carried me blissfully through the first ten or so missions. If I had stopped playing at that point, the game would have received a thumbs up. However, things began to go down hill quickly after that...1. The game is crushingly repetitive. There are only three basic mission types (dogfight, strafe and bomb), which with the simplification of the dogfight missions (see point 2), makes the 250 odd missions that take you through to the end of the war a terrible grind.2. The original game attempted to mix up the dogfights a little, with enemy planes sometimes appearing on your tail or off to the side of your formation. As I recall, there was even a mini-game in which you had to shake Jerry off your tail at the beginning of the mission! In the remastered version, no matter what the text states at the beginning of the mission, the enemy is always in a clump directly ahead of you. Add to this the fact that the enemy AI is disturbingly single minded and entirely predictable, while your wingmen are lucky to score a single kill in any given mission and every dogfight essentially plays out the same.3. There are a number of irritating bugs... These are just the ones that I ran into, but there are more reported in the forums.The diary text is unreadable if the entry spans more than one page, which it frequently does.The enemy planes have a tendency to ram you, even after the most recent patch which supposedly alleviated the problem. On the plus side, I only ever collided with one of my own squadron once, which was as much my fault as theirs...The achievements for finishing the game are broken, which is damn annoying since I preserved to the end.Graphical issues are common, particularly in the bombing and strafing missions, where flak just disappears without exploding, as do many of the ground targets. In cloudy dogfight missions, the cloud effects are static and appear to be nailed to the front of your aircraft!The mission text in the dogfight missions is entirely misleading. The number of planes are often wrong and at the end of missions, it frequently refers to me being the lone survivor while my very much alive wingmen look around with bemused yet worried expressions...It is impossible to kill some of the enemy infantry hiding in craters during the strafing missions. This means that you will fail practically all of these missions through no fault of your own.In summary, the game is a more-or-less faithful recreation of a classic game, let down by sloppiness, irritating bugs and a staggering level of repetition that frankly cannot stand the test of time."
76561198006647933,Recommended,320840,12533969,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Low_K,"Wings. Brings back good memories from the Amiga 500 days. I am glad to say; The game has not changed. Other than fancier graphics that is. The diary entries are still great to read, the pre-battle memoires too (all with great voice acting) and Col. Farrah is still the same.The career mode is still great; You start in 1916 and when you die, and make a new pilot, you start where your old character left off. Your new guy is a new recruit, as the name of your deceased pilot still is noted in the Top 10 Kill List (if he made it there). You can, just as the original, name your pilot and assign skills in Flying, Stamina, Mech and Shooting.I love the fact that Cinemaware stayed true to this all-time classic. With the new graphics and the old playability and story; this game is a must buy!Things I miss are:- The option for multiplayer; A coop campaign would be great, but even a dogfight skirmish against your friends would be welcome too (or both).- Another thing I would like to see is a German Campaign as in the GBA version.- Furthermore some change of scenery during dogfights would be welcome, like a city on the ground and such.- Stretching out the dogfights, personally I find them the most fun to do, yet are rather quick. I remembered from the A500 version that dogfights were a bit more lengthy.Hopefully Cinemaware will add this through some DLC/Expansion.So to wrap up; Reasonably priced and well worth its price. If you liked the original (and who couldn't?), this will bring back very fond memories, updated to modern graphics. For all you nostalgic people; there is even an option to have the original musical score playing ingame!"
,Recommended,320840,12538248,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Kat,What a cracking job the guys on this have done.The atmosphere of the original has been perfectly preserved as well as the graphics not beng too over the top. RThis game was all about the gameplay and the fact you cared for your pilto.This really deserves to sell well and be the catalyst for more classic games to be remastered. A shame the Bitmap Brothers ruined their version of The Chaos Engine.Lets hope for more Cinemaware games to be given this treatment. I for one will be definitely buying them :)
76561197970411986,Not Recommended,320840,12736960,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,reckley,"I loved the original game!This version gives is it a graphical coat of paint and a vocal narration and that's about it.The biggest let down is that the original game was better!  If your plane took too much damage it would fall, screaming, to the ground but, you could wrestle it to try for a crash landing.  This version has your plane catch fire and slowly pitch towards the ground and there's not much chance you'll survive, whatever you do.The oppotunity to do more with the original has been wasted and all there is a better looking game without as much gameplay."
,Recommended,320840,12537712,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Spectrum Disorder,I am suddenly back to being a kid in the 90's and I couldn't be happier!
76561198006497925,Recommended,320840,12527552,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,jaklas,Nostalgia Plus awesome enhancements. I only wish this does well and other classis Like Rocket Ranger follow suit. Ace Game
76561197998701258,Recommended,320840,13662194,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Psygnal,"If you're a fan of the original WINGS game, you'll love this. This is the game I bought an Amiga to play, and seeing that it had been released on Steam in a remastered format meant I had to buy it.If you're *not* familiar with the original game, you may have some concerns.Firstly, the game plays well, is graphically good, and seems to be very stable.The audio is adequate, and the controls are fine. I've been using a logitech gamepad. The game does let you play with keyboard, but... yuck.The three mission types - dogfight (3D), strafing (isometric) and bombing (top view) are all well realised updates to the original cinemaware versions. I have absolulely no qualms with the last two, but the dogfighting is where most people might get a bit irritated - especially if they're not familiar with the original Amiga release.1. It's easy.  The first thing you should do is crank this game up to hard.Seriously, this puzzled me. Playing this on the 'normal' setting felt stupidly easy. Perhaps it's harder when you're using the keyboard, but if you're not and you know that you're supposed to push 'forward' to point your plane 'down', then you really need to crank this up.2. The mission descriptions don't really match the missions.eg: You always start facing the enemy, even if it says you surprised them.  I honestly can't remember whether this was true in the orignal or not, but it's something that I would think should have been an easy fix, and it would have added to the game considerably.  For me, this is the only *real* flaw with the game.3. No rudder.Yeah, the original didn't have it either, but having played a lot of flight games since, I found myself missing it. This is a remastered version of the original, so I'm not complaining about it myself, but it's something that prospective new players should consider.4. Quite samey missions.As above. The original game was effectively the same mission played out in a few different ways... but it's a bit of an issue if you're used to more modern games... but WINGS fans will probably not mind too much.  Fixing #2 would probably fix #4, to be honest, as you'd be starting with a variety of conditions.5. No free look, padlock, etc.Yeah, this game was originally written back when nobody really knew what a padlock was. You'll just have to get used to that.  Your guy looks in the direction of the enemy, mostly, and the addition of the helpful arrows (which I would prefer to be able to turn off, to be honest) makes finding the enemy easy enough.I hope they're continuing to develop. I'd love to see a fix to Point #2, which really is the only thing that is bugging me about the game as it stands.Is it worth full price?  I bought it on 25% special at around $12 USD, and I'd have to say that was pushing it in the modern market. Nostalgia will only get you so much dollar value, and while I think this is a GREAT remaster of a truly classic game, there are plenty of arcade plane shooters out there which will hit the spot for many gamers.In short - if you remember playing this game when younger on the Amiga, you'll probably still love it.  If you don't remember it, then it probably doesn't hold up as well compared to more modern games... but I'd definitely recommend it if it was on a decent special."
76561198011938884,Recommended,320840,16380548,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Puni,"Having played the Amiga version of Wings quite a lot in the 90's, I was eager to see what the new, graphically enhanced, PC version would have to offer. I was not disappointed with the looks or the audio of the remastered edition, far from it, but the controls could have been better. I found that the dogfights just didn't play as well they used to on the Amiga, and I'm then thinking of controlling the plane (turning to the sides etc.) here. I will try the Amiga version again to see the difference between the two. Playing Wings again was fun though and it's great to be able to run it here through Steam on the PC. I'd recommend giving this a go, especially if you've played the old classic."
,Not Recommended,320840,14549112,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Thygrrr,"A remake that has LESS to offer than the original (which I ironically just played right before I found this):Dogfight missions are always the same, enemy always from the front, always the same height (even if the text says they come from above or are below). Also, they even took out the banking mini game and most likely (havent seen it yet) the ""shake the bad guy on your six"" mini game.The dogfight AI (""Hard"" difficulty) is very passive, they don't shake you, you only run risk of overshooting them. Conversely, they take a few dozen hits but you yourself take four and your plane is on fire.The strafing mini game is VERY difficult to control, and looks physically off. The bombing game is easier than in the original, but the shadow ""aiming"" is silly and makes not much sense optically.I like the remastering of the music, that's all. The voice overs are extremely bland and actually take away from the atmosphere you get when reading the Journal and the ""silent movie"" panels, which are not so silent anymore.Last but not least, the graphics are very subpar."
,Recommended,320840,12587756,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Dirty Dick,"Recommended for those who remember the Amiga system. BUT...... not worth 15 bucks. 5 bucks would be a good regular price. Fun. A throwback for sure, but wait for a sale. 6/10"
76561198031329803,Recommended,320840,12576492,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,tom210779,"As other have said, this game recaptures both the playability and theme of the original perfectly. Brilliant game for a good price. It Came From The Desert should definitely be the next title released!"
,Recommended,320840,16401445,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bongo ®,"Much easier than the classic Amiga version, still nice to see it with updated graphics - gameplay is much the same. A nice trip down memory lane."
,Recommended,320840,19629644,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Andromeda,I find this a pleasant attempt to bring to date a great Amiga classic. What you have to remember is this is a floppy disc epic. So translated to today it may not fair very well in being well varied. Yes the missions are practically identical to each other. But you have to remember the era this came from. Often games worked by changing the program and not the visuals.So what does that mean well you will like its Amiga counterpart only take part in 3 different scenes:Dogfighting – Territory is generally a field and a sky jazzed up so its not simply a plain colour like the Amiga days. But it typically involves you blowing up a number of enemies that vary in number and type.Strafing – Flying down a road at a simulated 45 degree angle in a vertical scrolling scenario. Sprites do get moved around to add variety but essentially its shooting anything that is useful to the Axis. (Never liked this the guns are tricky to get aimed properly before the screen scrolls over the targets)Bombing – Traditional vertical scrolling style with a set of bombs and a designated target that needs to be blown up. Again sprites are moved to add variety. Targets change but again very repeated as with the rest of the game.Now in today’s standards this ain’t going to impress people as a game to play all day like it could achieve back when it came out on the Amiga. My advice is treat it in short bursts. Do say 5 missions a day it will keep you engaged rather easily from start to finish. This is something that many of the negative reviews seem to make the mistake of. It is a hollow game but as I keep pointing out in this review take it in the context which it was made originally. It is after all a remake not a reiteration.One negative point that is well made by other negative reviews though is the friendly AI sucks they are very linear natured and will often shoot you if you are between them and the enemy. And they are not very likely to actually kill anything at all. And the enemy AI can seem a little dormant too. I really want to say that this is simply maybe the developers do not feel the modern gamer is up to the hardcore play to frustration days of the Amiga. However I think it was just poor programming. I tend therefore just to treat the friendly AI as my tag-a-long rock star friends while I play the machine gun rock.Great game I give it:1914/1918
76561198001365001,Recommended,320840,12539877,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Grasshopper,"A classic game from the heady days of the great Amiga. I played this game endlessly, refighting the entire conflict over and again. And now, here it is faithfully remastered with updated, yet faithful graphics and orchestrated music, if you so desire.Cinemaware provided me with countless hours of joy on my Amiga 500 and, later, 1200 and here they are doing it all over again.How about Rocket Ranger and They Came From the Desert? I'd buy those and any more you care to remaster."
76561198045398611,Recommended,320840,12578196,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Peter,Played this on my Amuga 500.  Great Game !!
,Recommended,320840,12580399,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Leszek,This is exactly what I played on the Amiga 20 years ago.Great remake.This is how all those classic games should be rereleased.
,Recommended,320840,25359222,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,russwulf,"Wings does something no other recent war game has done (in my experience). It tells the story of war with a genuine sense of charm, depth and chivalry.This game makes me smile! I played the original through many times in my childhood. This is a lovingly crafted remake that even plays like the original. All of the original dialogue, music, flight mechanics, and graphics have been carefully remastered.The new voiceovers for the journal entries are a surprisingly welcome addition. All of the original music is preserved and the melodies I fell in love with years ago are even more enchanting now with excellent orchestrations and live instruments (or really excellent samples).I have recently been playing the original using an emulator and I can say that seeing the two side-by-side is nothing short of impressive, not only because of the vast graphical and audio improvements, but primarily because of how little it has changed in every other way--which is exactly how I hoped this remake would be.Thanks to the team for bringing back a bit of my childhood. Now my son and I are enjoying Wings! Remastered together.Note: I saw mentioned in one review that you cannot land in this edition if you have ben shot down. I can confirm that just like in the original, you can land your plane safely after being shot down, it just depends on how your plane is damaged. Sometimes I have been able to pull it off, other times, it wants to nose dive too forcefully and I can't save it."
76561198160489288,Recommended,320840,17802559,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,LostSplendour,I bought this blind off the back of being hooked on this on the Amiga. I absolutely love what Cinemaware have done with this - whilst they've given the game a new feel they've remained true to the essence of what Wings was about in its original format.I was worried that the remake would fall into the trap of making full use of the cpu's of today and be so far removed from its original it would loose all of its charm but that worry was completely unfounded.I love this game and cannot praise the developers (and of course the crowdfunders who paid for it) enough for bringing this back to the market.Just for the record the controls work well with an XBox360 controller.
76561198021837454,Recommended,320840,32804032,Posted: 26 June,all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"The strafing minigames are fun, dogfighting is satisfying, and the visuals are very nice.I was doing great until I got kamikazed by a Fokker.Yes, there was a german warplane called the Fokker. Google it!"
76561198080291536,Not Recommended,320840,14159163,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,alan b stard,"wow,what a disapointment this game is.i had high hopes for this game [since i played it on the amiga 500 all those years ago.] i didnt expect it to be that bad.the missions are really tedious the game play is really slow expecially the straffing missons  [your plane is slow as hell] you always start the missons the same way allways facing the enemy [not like the amiga 500 verison where sometimes the enemy starts behind you]                                                                                                                                                                       the controls are clunkey as hell [note im using x-box controller] they use the same backround for all the dogfighting missions, i was board as hell after a hour and their are 250 missons.the cut scenes are a joke! i really thought they would give this game a really good revamp since it is a classic game but obviously not.they say that a sucker is born every minute well that is true im a prime example of that. i think people that played this game on the amiga 500 WILL be disapointed.dont buy this game at full price WATCH SOMEBODY PLAY THE GAME FIRST BEFORE YOU BUY IF YOU DONT YOU MIGHT THROW AWAY YOUR MONEY LIKE ME the only reason im playing this game is to finish the achievements thats my punishment for starting this poor excuse of a remake game!!!!!!!!!!! great now the achevements dont work !!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,320840,20005369,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,slartibartfasts,"It's better but not greatIf like me your loved the original on the Amiga then you will appreciate the improved graphics but it isn't as good as it could be.Improvements on the originalBetter graphicsBetter controlsWorse than the originalThere is a font issue when you read a diary entry when it's over two pages , the writing is too big to see.Your wingmen are now purely cosmetic as they seem to just fly around doing not much of anything.If you loved the original and would love to play it again , then it's worth throwing your money at this when it's on sale but it's just not as good as it should of been as it justs feels rushed."
,Recommended,320840,32040704,Posted: 29 May,all,Omen UK,"I remember playing this on the Amiga 500 many years ago.  I also remember my frustration at getting close to the end only to ditch when victory was so close... Fokkers!!So recently thanks to a friend I was able to re-play this classic game, it'd not faired all that well gien it's a 27 year old game but it was still playable and as much fun, and annoying (lol) as it ever was. When I saw Wings! Remastered on the store I had to buy it, mostly for nostalgia reason's, and taking me back to being that 17 year old spending most of my nights playing this on my Amiga.There are one or two minor things such as the text in the journal between missions will sometimes when it runs to two pages display much larger than it should and thereare one or two minor control issues I have experienced using the XBox Controller which are irritating but not all that much of an issue.The graphics are bright and crisp and while some may say they are not as good as some of the other newer games available on Steam, they have done a great job in recreating the look of the original game and while it is remastering of the original game it not only brings it upto date but also adds something more up-to-date to allow this game not just to appeal to us old timers but also (you'd hope) to gamers new to the Wings!Sound is excellent, the background music, sound effects and other assorted pieces of audio have been recreated and add to the games atmosphere, the voice acting while new to Wings! added a nice new addition and helped push the story forward.As for the gameplay itself, well it's not going to win game of the year it is a solid game which is as fun to play as it was in the 1990's, and it is evident that Cinemaware have ensured this is a loving recreation of that original game which was at the time one of the better Amiga games available and today still stands the test of time as being a fun game."
76561198048265883,Recommended,320840,16892041,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Trapshot,"I thought I'd write a short review of the game based on the fact that I've played and completed the original several times since it came out in 1990. I've now played this version to mission 100 as I write this, on Medium difficulty, so if your experience differs, it maybe because I haven't found all of the features available at different missions or difficulty levels!Introduction/Menus - 8/10 - These are ok, although the behaviour of the trees in the introduction is daft (who's ever seen a thick tree trunk blowing in the breeze), but I wrote these off to the fact that the Cinemaware products were always a bit tongue-in-cheek. The rest of the GUI and menus are fine, easily navigatable and quick to respond and a few more options than the original also (difficulty level etc.)  The save option is a nice addition now too.Graphics - 7/10 - Pretty good overall, better explosions and polished looks, and I really like the weather effects.  Sadly, some of the graphical capabilities aren't used when they are needed most, such as during the winter missions (where's the snow/ice??), and this makes every mission feel the same graphically.  The plane and balloon models are nice but some graphical features prove worthless, like the dials in the aircraft which don't animate.  The scrolling missions are probably where the game most resembles the original in looks, feel and sound.  The framerate is nice and smoothSound - 6/10 - The sound quality is fine, and the sound effects are not quite right.  The engine sound is nowehere near as variable as the original Amiga release; you really used to get a feel for your engine gathering speed during a dive, slowing to a stall during a prop-hanging session whilst pointing at the sun, and it really used to add to the atmosphere that at any point, you could fall to your death in this rickety ""death crate"". Sadly, this is no longer the case, it's a static sound. Steep diving is accompanied by an irritating ""overlaid"" sound effect of a plane nose-diving, which goes away immediately at a trigger-point. Stalling the enginer no longer seems to take place (unless this is only a feature of the harder difficulty level perhaps??), which is a shame, as this was accompanied by a lovely sound of impending doom as you hoped the engine would splutter into life again. The original sound of the guns jamming has gone too, and replaced with a short sample to imitate what the original did.  They would have done better just using the original samples from the Amiga version to be honest in this case.  It was the variety that made it what it was - fun.There's no empathy in the voiceover reading and because the spoken words are nearly always incorrect compared to the written journal (which does appear accurate to the original Amiga version), then the effect becomes far from feeling that you are a first world war pilot, fearing to go into the skies again and cherishing every moment of life; instead it just makes you feel like you are sat in the RFC canteen, reading someone elses journal, whilst some irritating british guy is reading the journal over your shoulder out loud and deliberatly getting it wrong to put you off enjoying it.  Also, where you really want the voice-over is in the discussions with Col. Farrah and at various special points in the game, like receiving a medal.  But no, sadly they spent far too much time letting the british guy improvise whilst reading the journal to bother with 2 seconds of audio in the right place.Gameplay - 6/10 - I feel a bit mean here, but the reality is the gameplay just isn't as good as the original Amiga Wings.  Yes it's fairly polished, yes it's 25 years old as a game concept, but the original was really, really fun to play, which is all that mattered. First the good points.  The gameplay is smooth, it's got the original feel to a degree, it's got some nice new features such as being able to see over your left/right wings and rear tail.  The controls work well and the loading times are nice and fast so there's no waiting around, which is nice.  But ... where have all the nice features gone from the original??  Why can't I loop the loop anymore, or climb hard and stall the engine?  Why am I stuck going at a single pace now, whereas in the original I could climb and fly slow, or dive and gain loads of speed to launch into a loop or simply race along the ground at speed?  Why is it that every single time I shoot an enemy plane down, the tail always come off?The AI of your fellow pilots is atrocious.  They fly far to close and I've had 4 mid-air collisions now where they have run into me whilst I'm flying straight ahead before the dogfighting has even begun.  Although you would get the odd air collision in the original version, they didn't just stupidly fly into you, it only used to happen when they were flying to avoid getting shot, or whilst we were both turning, which is then acceptable risk.  Also, the enemy plane dogfights always start in front of you which is moronic especially when half the time the journal says that you ""surprised"" the enemy, or they ""surprised"" you, from above, below, behind, etc.  On the original Amiga version, this then translated into you actually starting the mission knowing they were above, behind, below etc., and sometimes it would mean starting a mission with an enemy already on your tail (which I add, also appears to be missing from this new version - where the camera would go to ""tail-cam"" showing you with an enemy on your tail that you had to shake-off).  All of this is gone from this version as far as I can see. You no longer have the luxury seeing your pilot slam into the ground after an air-struggle, this is cut short and replaced with the same spinning shot of your plane, nicely parked but destroyed, no matter how you hit the ground, even upside-down.Lastly, the mission objectives themselves.  The game basically cuts short in your mission whilst enemy aircraft are still in the sky.   Whilst the original game did cut short if you failed in your mission whilst there were enemy planes in the sky (such as on the enemy bombing missions - where you had to shoot the bomber down within a certain time), the rest of the missions were open-ended, and they let you try to get more kills from the enemy aircraft.  In this incarnation, apparently everyone goes home once the baloon is burst and chalks it up to experience with no hard feelings at all.  If only the real aerial war had been like this, they could have all gone home for tea and cucumber sandwiches by noon.Pros:Nice updated graphicsController Support (I use a PS3 pad which works nicely), with a nice response/feel to the controlsKept the original theme music and overall feelCons:The variation, freedom and features of flying/dogfighting is not as good as the original Amiga releaseSome of the missions are inaccurately marked on the aerial photography leading to mision failuresThe voice-over is inaccurate and irritatingSome journal pages and photos are the wrong way around to the original, detracting from the enjoyment of the journalSummary:Is it worth buying?  Yes, if you can get it on the sale for a few quid and you want to relive the old game and don't have access to an Amiga or emulator, then get it; it's a decent little game.However, if you are playing this because you really enjoyed the old version, I mean, really enjoyed it.... don't aim for the skies with your expectations.  It's a real shame they have cut corners to provide an up to date experience of this classic.Rating 68%Original Amiga Rating 79%"
76561197994558197,Recommended,320840,27831683,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BlackRose,Best historical flight simulation from amiga!
,Not Recommended,320840,14655227,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Stellar,"Even I was not a hardcore fan of original Wings in Amiga (was more in to Knights of the Sky as it was a way more realistic) I have to say this is not good enough remaster, game play seems pretty shallow and AI is not very good, pretty sure original was better in many ways, these included.  I could recommed this only at very low price, paid ~15 euros myself and have been playing ~2 hours and feel dissapointment."
76561198030961604,Not Recommended,320840,30229585,Posted: 27 February,all,evilwillhunting,"Wings! Remastered fails due to laziness. And this is infinitely more disappointing because Cinemaware produced this remake, a group well known for immersive detail.Cinemaware games produced some of the most legendary computer games -- Defender of The Crown, It Came From The Desert, Sinbad and the Throne of the Falcoln, and many others. The idea behind a Cinemaware game was that it was a movie... starring YOU!But that's where this one REALLY misses the mark. To be a character in the movie, you need to make choices. You make no choices in this game. It's just a linear path of one of three arcade sequences.Not only that, these sequences don't even look good. Cinemaware wanted 350k for the remake, and I was an enthusiastic backer. But looking at this product, I'm glad it didn't make it. This is more like a college student's final project than a computer game worth more than five bucks. The chief arcade sequence -- the dogfights -- are clunky and the enemies always start in the same position. There's no throttle, there's no jamming, there's nothing that makes Red Baron (from 1990!!) superior even to this day."
76561197967240717,Recommended,320840,12529796,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Hobbes,"Now there's a blast from the past!One of my old time favorites from the Amiga 500 days and just as entertaining as I remember.This is not a fancy game, just pure honest fun.And that classic soundtrack is back!"
,Recommended,320840,12577091,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Steve_Yorkshire,"For the first time since 1990, Flashman takes to the skies to do battle with the dastardly Hun!And it's all still here with just a new lick of paint. Definately a nostalgia purchase for old farts like myself, it takes you back to the glory days of video gaming, and is probably not the cup of tea of today's sugar fueled, ADHD addled gaming generation.Only real downside, Normal/Medium difficulty seems far too easy, I distinctly remember getting shot out of the sky a lot more back in 1990. That and the strangely US centric journal entries for Britain's Royal Flying Corp are a little jarring - though not repeated in the voiceover which substitutes them for superior tea drinking, crumpet munching equivalents."
76561198048302579,Recommended,320840,12566408,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Aries The Destroyer,"OMG!!! Just enable the original soundtrack and the magic kicks in!!!The little Farrah's ace-wannabe that lived in you 20 years ago, emerges instantaneously...This must be the best remake ever published!Highly recommended!!!Amiga lives..."
76561197971451785,Recommended,320840,12572948,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,->EPC<-^5Smoggster,"Supurb game reminds me of my late teens.played this for hours on end on my amiga, buying a second drive so i didn't have to keep swapping discs.would recomend to anyone who played the original."
,Recommended,320840,12575910,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Combat Bunnee,"As a lover of the old classic I bought this game as soon as I saw it was outThe flying is somewhat basic and very arcade like for a game described as a flight sim, however there are different types of mission which makes the game varied and enjoyableThere are 3 Types of mission, Bombing Runs, Strafing and first person PilotingEach type of mission has various versions of it which keeps things interestingThe true charm of the game however is in the Journal entries between missions, these bring character to the game and make me want to come back for more every timeThis is a true re-creation of the originalk with improved graphics and controls.  As i originally had this game on the Amiga I can happily say that the load times are vastly improved upon as well so no worries thereI cannot recommend this game enough, it is a gem from past ages that I wouldn't pass over"
76561198048574801,Recommended,320840,12540215,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,tomahawkza,"Wings is by far the most playable, fun and accesible flight simulator ever.  The game is not particularly realistic.  The controls are really responsive on an X-Box 360 wireless controller.This game is an arcade simulator with role play elements.There is a high re-playability factor and wings is an absolute joy to play.  This is a game, not a convoluted simulator!10/10"
,Recommended,320840,28091636,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,bevan11,All the fun of flying around in World War One without the tedious bits.Bombing and strafing are great fun too.Slightly hampered by the occasional bug; e.g. a couple of missions that can end before all planes are destroyed.RPG aspects that make you feel like you're really there.
,Recommended,320840,12586721,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Glox,The remake are faithfull to the original version.
76561197989998171,Not Recommended,320840,20392575,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,FSCBSoldat,"Basically 3 game modes over and over. Very boring, even if you played the original.The physics are OK and the graphics are pretty good for a simply game, but you will reach a point where the game AI basically cheats in order to win a mission. I'm talking, all of sudden the basic enemy airplanes take 100s of bullets to drop, when normally they might take 50 or so hits.Further the strafing style missions are simply crap. They give you 50+ targets, of which you will probably only destroy 20% of these as your machineguns are ridiculously weak. Again, no way you can complete the mission properly and so you are stuck focussing only on the primary objective...hence, why even have secondary objectives?!In some of these missions, you will tear your hair out unless you do the smart thing, which is simply land your damaged airplane.Essentially a boring game."
76561198005986038,Recommended,320840,28193472,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,CommandDork,"PROS:- Simple gameplay, get into the action fast with easy-to-pick-up controls (mouse, beyboard or controller support)- Journal-style storytelling is captivating and well-done, keeping up with major events of the wartime period- Varied mission styles (3D flying, 2D bombing runs, isometric strafing missions)- Missions are quick allowing you to rattle off several before needing to leave the house- Classic, original soundtrack brings some of us back to a more original era of PC gamingCONS:- Arcade-style physics for your biplane fighter in the 3D flying world- Generous hitboxes for your targets in the 3D flying world- Game play is easy for veteran gamers on medium difficulty- Mission repetition, after a while you've seen it all- Limited presentation value, not much going on inbetween missions as you just click to the next chapter- Ground terrain in the 3D missions showcase a scarce landscape below making it feel like a mobile game"
76561198064985276,Recommended,320840,12819799,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Serioso,"This game was my favourite back then, at the Amiga days.They did a great job keeping the same feel and gameplay to it while just improving sound and visuals!Brings back good memories."
,Recommended,320840,12547086,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,SideScrapeTV,"A dream come true.  This is my favourite game from my past am I am estatic that they have brought it out now.The game plays very similar to how it was in the old days with 3 modes of combat -* Dogfighting* Strafing troops/convoys and trains* Bombing runsNow do NOT buy this game expecting it to be a flight simulator model with all of the bits that go with it.  You fly a biplane and you have to all the plane to drift sideways rather than just banking in to the enemy like you would do in ultra responsive games i.e. War Thunder.Overall though the game still has it, they have captured the essence and you learn a spot of history as well.Do not forget these boys did not have parachutes, you get shot down your dead.  They also had metal propellers as their guns were not syncronised so shot the props a lot.  Ha, what a hard set of buggers.Should you buy?Yes, its fun and I would think a wide audience will find the simplistic game good. But be warned, you die then your dead.  No roll backs!  part from saves :P"
,Recommended,320840,12532136,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Souza,"For fans of the original Amiga edition, this is easily worth the price! Wings! is the only reason I have an Amiga emulator, and now with this version, which maintains the feel and gameplay of the original, but with greatly improved sound and graphics, I don't expect to return to the original.  Don't expect a hard-core WWI flight sim of the dogfighting missions, as your only speed controls are going slower while climbing and going faster while diving.  It's definitely more of an arcade experience, but a fun and varied one, with it's in-the cockpit dogfight missions, isometric strafing missions and top-down bombing missions.  It's a fun story, and certainly a challenge to survive to reach higher ranks."
76561197971625895,Recommended,320840,12599217,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,[SLAK] Father Ted,"Absoulutely fabulous. Wish more classics were remasterd like this.Would love to see It came from the desert, Dungeon master 1 &2, and Captive have the same treatment."
76561198026879878,Not Recommended,320840,16488031,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nitwit,"Unfortunately, this game is quite repetitive.  Similar to what others have said, it's also not very challenging.  The narrative through the story makes it sound quite exciting, like Fokkers dropping out of the clouds above you, or you getting the drop on someone... Yet every single dogfight mission starts with the planes right in front of you with a huge red circle around them.  This wouldn't be too bad if the dogfights had more manouverability, but your plane moves so sluggishly that it just kind of turns into a game of patience.  Each mission goes so quickly that you feel like you're just clicking (or button pressing) your way through each one.  I have heard that there are around 250 missions.  After 51 missions, is begins to feel a bit stale.  I was drawn to this game because I used to play Wings II on the SNES, which was a very challenging game, had different pilots, you could control your plane more (with speed and stalling), and you were able to adjust the stats of your pilot as you progressed."
,Recommended,320840,12715335,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,AStainlessSteelRat,"If you were a fan of the original back in the days of the AMIGA then most likely you will get fond memories playing this.  For anyone else you're probably not going to enjoy it in all honesty, as it is pretty bare bones by today's standards.  As someone who played the crap outta this and pretty much anything else Cinemaware released on the Amiga, I love it.  Now hurry up and release an ""It Came From the Desert"" remake!"
76561198038291637,Recommended,320840,12870324,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,JNaski,Really good version of the old classic. I played the original Wings a lot on Amiga when I was a child.If you have played the original and liked it so you will most certainly like this game as well.And for those who haven't played the original game but still want something casual to play every now and a then so I warmly recommend that you buy Wings.I really like how the game has the possibility to change to the old soundtrack and the voice acting that is added for this remake is spot on to create the mood.One thing that I miss though (or maybe I just have failed to get that event) is when enemy plane comes behind you in dogfight. So in the old Amiga game the view would change so that you see the situation behind the enemy plane. So that both planes are in view at the same time and then you need to evade the bullets of that enemy.I tried for so long to get that but didn't happen...the enemy was just shooting me and the view didn't change.But that aside I really like the models made for this game. Although the scarf looks a bit funky from time to time.Really good game for the fans of the old game and for casual gamers. Maybe 15€ is a bit high price when thinking that the missions might get a bit repetative if you play in longer sessions. But I would say that this is a must buy if you ever see it on -25% or more10/10
76561197970890603,Recommended,320840,12534776,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,QcGuy,"This is just a fantastic remake, truly thank you for such a excellent remake.  It really brings back memories of 1990 with Wings on the Amiga.  Back in the day on the Amiga I played it thru at least 5 different times and I am looking forward to losing myself in this remake.Only gripe was the controls but that took about 5 minutes with the Logitech software to create a profile and remap the joystick but that is just a inconsequential item that I am sure will get patched.Just wish I knew this was coming out because I would have been playing it sooner."
,Recommended,320840,12529088,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Mr. Fancypants,"Being a huge fan of WW1 aviation I boughed this game as soon i could.I do say this is a really fun game to play to pass the time, fun missions where some remind me of older arcade games but with a bit more of a modern touch.I can modify my pilot skills like flying, stamina and other noncense that is critical for you're flying skills!I do wish it was possible to change plane. Maybe that will come later since there is a screenshot of the vieuw from the red baron.I have not flown that many missions yet but 1 thing i must need is the Soundtrack, It's a joy to listen to!So to wrap it all up: A fun game, i recomend it, plenty of stuff to do and to see. Multiplayer would be a interesting feature to show you're flying skills to other pilots.9/10 from me"
76561198022266545,Recommended,320840,12606457,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Jacko®,"Jacko Rating9.5/10GOLD!!If your an old school gamer who played this on the Amiga 500 as I did then stop reaidng now and buy this!If not then this is still a great little WW1 flight sim/arcade game that is definately worth the half a dozen bucks that they are charging.An absolute fantastic job bringing this materpiece back to life with remastered graphics, sound and a few options to kindle the flames of old school gamers like me who can have the option to play with the original soundtrack or a newer but almost as authentic modern version, plus a couple other nice little touches.I really can't say thank you enough to Cinemaware for doing this and I will be backing their next project/s in the hope of reliving my youth and memeories of games like this and It Came From the Desert.You can't beat the originals and the passion of the creators of the early gaming days - very little money and resources but still came out with games better than most of the rubbish they release these days, it was a calling and a passion back then not a job."
76561197970508154,Recommended,320840,12568760,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Jimby,"Wings was by far one of my favourite games during the Amiga 500 Era.  When I heard that they were remastering the game, I was very excited to get my hands on it and thankfully the game does not dissapoint.  Staying true to the story line with  some updated graphics and music, the game really shines.  The game also works really well using the xbox 360 controller.   If you played Wings back in the day, you need to buy this now.  Its a great trip down memory lane.  If you are intrigued on what it was like to be a pilot in WWI, you may find this game interesting.  Good bang for the buck I say.  So click on buy and take to the skies!"
76561198006981067,Recommended,320840,12565408,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Leskylor,It's one of the greatest games on Amiga and now it's on our modern PCs. It was a great weekend for me with hours and hours of Wings!
,Recommended,320840,12560756,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Milky,This is exactly what a remake should be: faithful gameplay with a brilliant coat of paint. The old story about the horrors of war still holds up today. Definitely pick this up.
76561197961161199,Not Recommended,320840,24923105,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Rick Dangerous,"Haven't even played 30 minutes and i can already tell you i can't recommend this game, not even on sale. I bought it on sale myself for like 2 euro. I already feel the massive repeatativeness of the game, every single mission is exactly the same, and the flying is terrible, the controls are clunky, and the graphics are horrible. And i even played it with controller.Now it hurts me a little that this game was so poorly designed, because i used to play the original on the amiga for many many hours, and i also beat the game back in the day. I even remember the day i went to the local store and bought it.Back then this game was the bomb, it was soo good. So it baffles me a little bit that these guys were so lazy in remaking this title. It clearly shows this is nothing more than a cashgrab and delivers nothing new to the table other than 3D enviroments, some music overhaul and voice acting. To top it off some cool features from the original game was removed in this remake, for no other reason i can think of rather they didn't have the skills to pull it off. Like landing the plane safely after being shot down for example.They should have worked harder on this game, and added something new. For example something as simple as being able to use rudder to yaw the plane. Yes, exactly. You can't even do that. You can't accelerate or slow down the plane either, it goes in the exact same speed all the time. Extremely lazy remake.Sorry cinemaware, i used to be one of your fans, i bought many games that you made, and they were all great. But this is not good enough, not even close. It's clear you didn't even try."
76561198062044514,Recommended,320840,15174467,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,museste,"One for the Amiga enthusiast!I owned the original back in the 90's when my computer of choice was an Amiga 1200.  This my fave flying games of that machine, it did a great job of recreating what a World War 1 pilot might have experienced.This remaster/recreation is a fantastic love letter to the game. Graphics/sounds are great, controls very much like the original and is still a good challenge on higher difficulty, In short if you liked the original you will like this version,Gamers that came after the Amiga generation may find this game repetative, there are only 3 kinds of missions (dogfighting, bombing and strafing). This is not a simulator and there may better purchases available if thats what your after. as long as you understand what the limitations of an Amiga game were and dont hold it against this game I strongly recommend purchasing."
,Recommended,320840,16741789,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,WarezWaldo,"I loved Wings for the Amiga back in the day and this is a perfect update for nostalgia junkies.The game plays exactly like it did back then and aside from updated visuals, VO and music, nothing has changed. Is that a good or a bad thing? Both, I guess.Back in 1992 or whenever I first played it,I was wowed by the aerial combat and found missions to be interesting and varied. The cinematic presentation was gorgeous and engaging. Today? Well... It still plays well, but it does get repetetive pretty quickly. Gameplay is pretty shallow and there are only three types of missions, all of which you will master in your first few tries.Min you, I still enjoy playing it. Not sure if that is the nostalgia speaking or what.STILL, this is a very faithfull remaster and for anyone looking to relive old memories it's a no-brainer. For new players though? hmmm. Jury's still out on that one. Wouldn't mind seeing an expanded follow up with new mechanics and mission types."
76561198023383325,Recommended,320840,12531344,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,viribusunitis,"Everyone who owned that game in the early 90's will love it. The graphics changed but unfortunately you can still play for the Royal Flying Corps only and not for the Germans.What changed to the original version:There are 2 funeral scences (In the old version there was just one but you could see  the age of the killed pilot)you can choose the colour of your aircraft (green or yellow)ability to change the difficultyThe controls by keyboard are a little bit difficult but there is an option to use a joystick (couldn't test this option)It's not a flight simulator (to fly right just hold ""D"" to change the horizon)It's a ""must own"" game for everyone who played the original!!!Pro:Nostalgicgreat music (possibilty to switch to old music too)great atmospherecons:Strafing missions don't seem to work properly at difficulty hard (game too fast, targets need too many hits and it seems that the artillery can't shoot you down)________________I still love the game but there are some things :1.:  The enemy always appear in front of you (in the original game they appeared in front of you sometimes behind you from the left and so on...)2.: Strafing mission seem to be unbalanced If you don't hit at the first time you don't get a second chance. In the origanl game you had mor time to aim but the risk being shot down was much higher (by now the AAguns didn't shoot me down at all)3. Allthough wings always was more an arcade game than a simulator, even in the original game it was a deadly idea to fly straight forward to bust a balloon. The risk was too high to be shot down by anti airgun fire (""Archie"").4. You have to fear your flying comrades more than the enemy. They don't care whether your plane is between them and the enemy. They will open fire and it seems that they like to crash in you. In the original this part worked better.5. a small detail. I play the german version of the game. In the german version of the game Col Farah welcomes you in the squadron with the same lines. In the original there were 3 different lines. ""Keep the company journal - the guy before you thought he was a flyer too!"" (Of course you were the guy who kept the company journal before)  Something like that for instance.Mayn people write abou the game ""Red Baron"". Red Baron was much more realistic and really a flight simulator but in my opinion Wings had a soul because of the journal. If you read the diary and now you can even LISTEN to it, you can feel the fear during the ""Bloody April"" in 1917."
76561197977167866,Recommended,320840,15255985,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Ldjstyle,Faithful recreation of the Amiga classic.All those who enjoyed the original game will enjoy this. Was simply one of the best titles on the Amiga computer. The gameplay is easy so I would recommend starting the game on hard with no enemy markers to expirence something similar to the Amiga version.
76561197961649515,Not Recommended,320840,13170508,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PanzerAnd,"loved the old game, the new is too easy, always the same"
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,320840,14091680,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Corwin86,"Frankly, very disappointing.It's REALLY the old game, with a prettier graphic (really nice), but no other types of improvements.The dogfight is frustrating: too easy or too difficult.The other mode of play are nice, but the commands are inaccurate.Death is a certainty, but there is really no reason or incentive to continue a campaign, since the game is rigidly structured and missions do not offer much variety.After a while, you will know when your next mission will be simple, difficult or nearly impossible.A waste of money, this game (looking at playability) could work in 90's, now I expect more, at least some new features, some nice improvements.A new graphic is really cool, but you cannot charge so much if you are offering only this.Get the original for free."
76561197967758455,Recommended,320840,12598708,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Rhinelander,"I remember spending countless hours flying around in my Biplane. This remastered version of Wings captures a lot of the old atmosphere i experienced when i was like... 12 ? back then. It is a bit too easy though, but i still like it. Really nice if you like a casual stroll over the front, taking the fight to Jerry ...and kicking some Kraut's butt!Graphics are a bit outdated, but compared to the amiga version - nice!Music sounds just like old stuff, and you can even switch to the original soundtrack.Gameplay has not changed at all, apart from all the nice targeting indicators during your flights.Lets put it straight : If you liked the real deal... check YT for gameplay footage... if you are convinced like i was... buy it!Was and is a great game.. it has soul, even if it is a little bit to easy. But the main part here is reliving your childhood memories , right? ;)"
,Recommended,320840,16519751,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Spizy Chicken,Wonderfully remastered with all the flavor of the original!Brings back wonderful memories of my teen years playing this on the Amiga Computer.A remake of a fun classic for sure!
76561198030843068,Not Recommended,320840,17524057,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,whoster69,Really awful game.  How could it have all the positive reviews?!?  Controls are TERRIBLE!  You can't easily exit out of the training missions.  Missions are very simplistic and last only a minute or two.  Not even worth a $1.  AVOID!
76561198079996589,Recommended,320840,23211864,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Timm099,"I think it's awesome they have revived a game like Wings!.  I played the heck out of this on my old Amiga back in the day. This is better than I remember.  Love it! The game is exactly the same, but with improved graphics."
76561198089402095,Recommended,320840,26632691,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"Belive it, this game is a straight off remake. Nothing new except updated graphics, all the rest is just like the old game. As such, considering it came sometime at the end of the 90's, it's good at being just a remake. Not a stellar flight sim in any way, this is an arcade game, and nothing more should be expected. That, and nostalgica.For those looking to replay the old game, this is recommended for sure."
,Recommended,320840,32775650,Posted: 25 June,all,ChicagoPhil,Loved this game back in the day playing on my Amiga.  The sound/music/and graphic updates work well.  Wish more older games got the remastered green light.
76561198277161055,Recommended,320840,23429937,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dr. Jan Itor,Hands down one of the best flight games on the market. Great remake and addicting also!
76561198033400905,Recommended,320840,21155560,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Gunnery_Sgt.,Great  Game! Good old Amiga Times!
76561198006568221,Recommended,320840,24909368,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Fiddler,"Nostalgia, thats what this game is. Not as good as the original but still fun. Lack the elements of the original ie enemy from the rear or sides etc. Still worth a buy if you miss the original."
,Recommended,320840,27659798,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,re:dripz,What can I say? Works a treat and brings relentless nostalgia. Make sure you enable the original soundtrack in the menu for maximum effect!
,Not Recommended,320840,12639231,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Tazhpa,"Sorry, I think time has polished my memories with this one. The new Wings! was not a new Raptor/Tyrian competitor, nor it wasn´t a new Tie Fighter in the sky edition either. It copied the old version too tight.What I mean is, that player goes through dozens and dozens of aerial missions where you start almost at the firing range. You shoot down the plane almost always before there is any time to play intense arcade dogfights. And that´s it. The mission usually takes up 20 seconds. What a bummer.Also, the Raptor-like arcade shootings were done with fixed firing range, so there was no such joy of creating havoc as there was in Raptor or Tyrian. You have to stay almost out of the screen to be able to shoot things. I don´t like it, I liked more how Raptor did these arcade shootings, and I thought it would have been a de facto for new Wings! too, but it wasn´t.Too much adaptation from the original, and too few new aspects. New graphics should not be the reason to make a remake. There are plenty modern adaptations like Castle of Illusion which totally brought the classic to modern game age without taking away the good things of the original version.I´d give this new adaptation 1.5 out of 5."
76561198010848714,Recommended,320840,12649569,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,rogerwd1973,Great remake of a great game!
76561198024598752,Not Recommended,320840,20150832,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[VOW]al53tay_PVT,A 2 year old kid could have done better.
76561198011119666,Not Recommended,320840,26265088,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,NapoleAn3,"Fxcking strafing run.Simple arcade game to re-live the past, but not much else.Get it on sale if you are new and haven't played the Amiga version back in the days."
76561197985836850,Not Recommended,320840,24559273,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Captain Howdy,"I'd love to play this, but sadly there seems to be a bug with my Xbox controller that there doesn't seem to be a fix for.  The game doesn't register a lot of the controller axis, so when I go into the game my plane flies to the left while constantly shooting."
76561198004673868,Recommended,320840,24877676,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,fruitbat,I played the orginal back in the day. This is a great remake.
76561198201721878,Recommended,320840,24844934,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Lostdodgydave,Loved this game when i was younger and for a few quid well worth it
,Not Recommended,320840,26152844,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,tigertank44,"That's a Negative!***I never saw the original game so I dont feel the nostalgia.***Frankly I dont know what this game is. It's not a simulator - definatelly. It's sort of arcade-ish game where short bursts of actions are mixed with clicking 'next mission' / 'continue' buttons and listening to some guy.My biggest gripe is no padlock view. It is a game on 3D engine so moving your view around should not be hard to implement. As a result you have no idea on whats going on around you. I assume this is so to keep with the original. But original was a 2D game build on much older technologies! WW1 planse did not had a lot of equipment but pilots were able to turn their heads!The result of this is that you need to be extra careful when flying with wingmen. You don't know whey they are (you only get indicators of enemies) and you might always crash into one!Second complaint is AI. Its very weak. To the point that your wingmen when behind you will shoot the enemy that is in front of you, Guess where those bullets will land!Third complaint is that the game gest repetitive very quickly. You are supposed to:- shoot down few fighters- shoot down few bombers- shoot down few baloons- strafe a convoy- strafe a train- strafe infantiryin continous loop.Pros:* music* monologsCons:* combat* AI* gets boring quickly* PRICE (seriously 15 Euros ???)OverallIf you loved the original - I guess you can give it a tryIf you havent seen the original - keep away (or at least wait for a -90% sale offer)"
76561198050358287,Not Recommended,320840,16504143,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MARC FÉNIX,"So the time has come to write a review about my most treasured game from the old Amiga 500-era. I played it as a kid and I was fascinated by the atmosphere the game was able to create. Lost Patrol on the Amiga 500 was also a game that fascinated me due to the tense atmosphere. But Wings back then was a better game because of the dogfights in 3D-graphic it had to offer. When I saw the remastered version of Wings last year in a store I felt immediately atracted to the idea that they could have brought this wonderful (partly fictional partly real) story to modern PCs.To fully understand why I give the game a thumb down, first I feel the duty to write down the pros and cons of the ""old"" Amiga 500 Version.Pros: - For that time in the 90ies stunning 3D-graphic (sky-dogfights)- Music and overall-art fits perfectly to the 1916-1918 years where the game takes place- Captivating squadron-diary that made the game feel alive- Dogfights had a kind of soul to it because of content of the diary and short text introduction to the mision- You could distribute points for improvement of your planes quality (Shooting, Flying abilities, etc.)- Strafe and bombing misions gave the game a good variation and was fun to playCons: - After many hours the music was irritatingSo now to the actual remastered version of the game WINGS. But first let me type down that Cinemaware the studio which is responsible for the remastered version also is the studio from the original version in the 90ies. They had a kickstarter-campaign for the game but the goal werent achieved so they worked on a plan to size the expectations down. They tried another kickstarter campaign in 2013 with a lower goal. They were able to get 85.000 Dollars for the game so that the kickstarter-campaign was successful. They worked then on the game, and then in late 2014 they started selling the game.And why do I write all this? Because that is exactly what you are going to get: A downsized game that had to clash with reality and confronted lowered expectations. I am really a die-hard WINGS-Fan and here you have the pros and cons of the remastered version- Pros: - Good music. They took the old notes and recorded nice soundpieces in a good quality. Overall sound is satisfying. Specially if you compare to old Amiga 500 version.- Narrator. A feature that the old version hadnt. You can turn the narration off in options.- The dogfights are fun to play even with that simplicity and repetitiveness it offers. The immersion is good.- Interface (various languages)- Cons: - The graphics are not up-to-date and they are not at the same height as the soundquality.- There are elements missing in this game: You see anti-aircraft fire exploding in the air in nearly every mision, but when you fly nearer to the ground all you can see are trees and houses in poor detailed graphic. I played one mision where I had to shoot spy-ballons. There I saw anti-aircraft canons on the ground. Why not in every mision? It is absurd to see aa-fire exploding all around you but below you: Nothing! The source cant be found!- Dont let the third Steam-Picture fool you. There are no red enemy planes that you have to eliminate! (And I played the game until April 1917, when the Richthofen-Geschwader should already be present with their  red painted fokkers in every dogfight)- There isnt a third-person ""enemy hunts you"" camera perspective where you have to try to shake the enemy off your tail. It appears only one time for 3 seconds  before a dogfight (in March 1917) starts. It says ""Alright Fritz, lets see what you have got!"". And thats all for the cinematic-scenes in this remastered version. Its a rip off! You will find yourself frustrating after you find out that you cant control your plane. 3 seconds of what? Showing that you have begun a task that you never finished? There are poorer young programmers living in their parents home that would have programed this remastered version with more enthusiasm and with less dollars in their eyes.- The pilot still looking for enemy planes although his plane is on fire and heading for a probably deadly crash to ground? Seriously? I know that this was also this way in old-version of the game, but they could have changed that. It just looks so absurd and unreal! Its like a guy attacks you with a Katana from the front while you know that but still look at the bees behind you that might come to attack you.- The AI specially of friendly plane units should be improved.- I often saw friendly planes flying in the exact same spot, like a glitch without collision detection, not crashing though- The pre-dogfight text often has nothing to do with what you encounter later in the mision. For example: ""We were about to surprise 8 biplanes coming closer to their tails. It seems that we had all the advantages, but considering that they outnumbered us, even this situation looked like loosing for us!"" Then in the mision you start as always (!!!) having your enemy coming nearer in front of you in a head to head- situation. Seriously? Is that what the developers owe to the once great game WINGS?- The enemy planes always go down the same manner. While you can still fly one tumbling direction when your motor is on fire and black smoke fills the air. The enemy will always dive straight to the ground without signs that he could try an emergency landing like you can.- Why is it still not posible to make a full upward looping, to then come down and attacking from the sun?- You can loose all your progress with one pilot if you die and then push the NO-button when the program asks you to start from the last automatically saved-game (you cant save individually). What? At least the game could give some kind of  warning that I will loose  the pilot completely and that the profile of the pilot will be forever death in the memories-section. I played over 100 missions and had over 200 dogfight kills (I played until April 1917) and then: BOOM! In your face! Your profile is deleted and gone forever! Do you want to start in 1916 again and play again 20 hours? Or do you want to continue as a greenhorn in 1917 with Waldo P. Barnstormer and a kamikaze-suicide-plane against the fully equiped Jagdgeschwader? Grrrrrrr.Very upsetting.So thats all. I think the Wings- Fans should have received a finished product instead of delivering half-baked Nostalgia of what once was a finished and perfect game. If the game had been done right, they could have created a new fan-base. The story of Wings, the immersion, the overall atmosphere and historical content with value surely would have captivated a lot more people. The game deserves a much better version. Somewhere I read that the developers are planning a directors cut version after this remastered edition.Only thing that I have left to say is that many gamers are tired of publishers publishing unfinished games. And the developers should not be the ones to take all the blame on their shoulders. Yet they would have delivered a better version of WINGS if they had more enthusiasm and less moneymaking in mind. And I am absolute certain about this."
76561198037393879,Not Recommended,320840,29267235,Posted: 15 January,all,Shill,As someone who never played the original there is nothing here to enjoy. Far too simple and repetitve.
76561197973605349,Recommended,320840,12923104,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,UncivilS3rvant,http://www.myreviewer.com/VideoGame/165592/Wings/165699/Review-by-Si-Wooldridge
,Not Recommended,320840,12580964,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Gilder the Squidslinger,"Pros: Its a classic WWI game, Great vocals and a more story oriented experience rather than simulation.Cons: It's historically innacurate, It's still a classic game, It's not Red Baron. Performance is so-so for a game as simple as it is.This is not worth the asking price to be honest. It isn't a bad game and will bring nostalgia to some I'm sure, but its also not really that great of a title. It is simply a classic game with a new coat of paint. The flight dynamics can be easily handled with keyboard or mouse.When you compare it with Red Baron and other WWI flight sims, this comes up very short in all areas except the story. The better games pride themselves more on simulation and less on personality or characters. Wings! gets the personality right, but totally falls short in everything else.Historical accuracy is visibly lacking. While there have been games like Wings of War which were less historical and more arcade, yet remained fun, this title really needs work if it is going for more story based immersion. But then, this was made years ago before people started to care a lot about that.Really what this title needs is fresh investment and a full update to modern times. Fix all the glaring errors with the historical accuracy and it would be the benchmark in WWI flight games.When it is all said and done, the intro price, even with a small sale, is a bit much. If this game is $5-$10 then you might find something.  If you are a nostalgia nut then you'll enjoy it. Otherwise, I'd wait for a sale and don't bother with this."
76561198000781898,Not Recommended,320840,25633004,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,David,Your friendly planes are still just a waste of space killing naff all and not even trying to defend when your out gunned.Worth a couple of quid at most. Surely someone must come up with a better ww1/ww2 dogfighter game.
76561198047541636,Not Recommended,320840,24898827,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,F.E. Calmatter,something wrong with xbox controller. looks left by default
,Recommended,320840,16368110,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,terence.tommeleyn,This game is fun if you played games such as Red Baron.
76561198144728147,Recommended,320840,18034476,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,BMDuff,"This game brought back massive memories, when I saw it existed I had to buy it.  Quite a few little differences to the original but a lot the same and worth the money."
,Recommended,320840,18005881,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,WeirdCulture,"I just keep that short... if you wan't a A500 flashback... THIS is the game for this! A great rebuild from the original verion. if you loved Wings! on teh Amiga, this is a great game. But be warned, it is the same game, just nicer graphics and sound."
,Recommended,320840,18668508,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Shavitz,"Nicely remastered. I recommend it to everyone knowing the original Amiga version. Even though I think it has lost some of its original charme and atmosphere because of the new graphics.The game:You enlist during WW1 as a british combat pilot and start your career strafing, bombing and dogfighting Fokker Eindeckers and Balloons with your Sopwith Camel. The rest of the game you will be strafing bombing and dogfighting Krauts in Doppeldeckers and Dreideckers and Balloons with your Sopwith Camel. Sounds boring? It isn't. Because the game tells your story like a diary and you quickly identify with your ego, your squadron mates and try to get more kills than your fellow pilots. Even if there are more or less always the same missions the game (for me) never gets boring. After or before every mission, you can read another page of the squadron's journal, telling, what is happening at the moment. Historically army movements, plans for the squadron, own feelings, the actual mission, all can be read there and really tells a story to deepen into. The action sequences and missions are good, but it is mostly all about the atmosphere the game tries to convey.Everybody not knowing Wings or Cinemaware or who is looking for a realistic WW1 plane simulator might be disappointed. This is more story-telling and kind of pure nostalgia for old-school gamers.08/10 would crash into squad leader again.PS: Where's the ""It Came From The Desert""-Remake? And ""Antheads""?"
76561197982452259,Recommended,320840,12732964,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,calibrate,"A friend and I were talking about this game a few days ago as we were both former Amaga guys. Low and behold here it is. I immediately downloaded and started racking up the kills. Yes, it cheezy, but a whole lot of fun. I got a real kick out of the old format music as well as an option. Reccommend this game for fun."
76561197971627168,Recommended,320840,12713231,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,GentleOne,"Hey all,I used to love this game on the Amiga, actually I still have the gae on Amiga witht the box and everything. And I was really anticipating the release of this version. For first , they almost kept the entire story from the Amiga so if you played it as often as I did you should remember the story and notice that only a few things have changed. They have introduced a few bonus missions for you to fly instead of your pilot going for leave to london and sutch. Also the journal is now read to you in english so you can have the game running in a differnet language but the audio is still english.For those that never played the original here the basics. The game leads you as a/manny pilots through a flight journal of a British WW1 fighter Squadron. You will have to do different types of missions sutch as strafing ground targets, bombing differnet types of enemy positions from Airfields to trainstations to submarines and so on. And last of course the dogfights. This is as it was in the original the only combat were your pilot can die. you might get shot down in other missions but you will not die there. Exept if you loose to manny aircraft your pilot will get kicked from the squadron.They got some things right and some not, as it will be with any game played. I like the better graphics but the game in bombing mode or strafe mode feels to fast, considering your aircraft of that time only flew about 140Kp/h. Next thing is yes they did a nice 3d version of the dogfights but it still looks a bit outdated , and i am missing the trenches on the ground aswell as planes that you shot down actually being down there and not blowing up leaving no trace they ever existed. Also a dislike is the way planes go down now, it seems you only have to hit them with 10 bullets and the plane is history, AND it dropslike a rock. They indeed did put in some interresting stuff like wings ripping off and sutch but it doesn't feel the way the old wings gave you.Overall I say yes this game is worth it, and helps Cinemaware get back on their feet. Support them because it is thatnks to companny's like these that made gameing as big as it today. Without these pinoeers there might not be a gaming industry.Hope this is helpfull."
,Recommended,320840,12578635,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Betelgeuse,"Fantastic remastering of the Amiga original. Spent countless hours back in the early 90s on my trusty A500 playing this to death. Don't get me wrong, this is not a sophisticated simulation. It's a fun, faithful re-make with lots of quick arcade flying action. Awesomne fun and highly recommended!"
76561197960528420,Recommended,320840,12579034,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,majestic,Old school nostalgi.
,Recommended,320840,12579440,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Grocs,"It is so great to see this game remastered.  It plays just like the original Amiga classic of the early nineties, especially with a 360 controller.The have updated the soundtrack, graphics and provided a voice over but you do have the option to turn the voice over off and the soundtrack to the original.This is amazing - I'm loving this game all over again."
76561197965161453,Recommended,320840,12579776,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,-=LoLLie=-,"Old School Game From The Amiga , its good to see its Finally brought back alive :Dstill feels the same like the old game but a bit improved but still a good game :)"
,Recommended,320840,12583679,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Salvador,"Ahhh this brings back vivid memories...Don't expect anything like rise of flight though, just good old school fun.Loads up pretty fast, casual game that prolly runs up on a nuc too.A bit too easy on medium with current controllers.Oh well let's go on balloon busting again..."
76561197974948639,Recommended,320840,12570429,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Cirkeline,Probably my favourite Amiga game ever. If you loved it then you'll still love it. If you never played it before you'll probably find it a little lacking in gameplay.
76561197999719556,Recommended,320840,12542570,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,HAL 9000,"CINEMAWARES WINGS was one of the greatest games i ever remember to play as a 9yo on my amiga 500 (with 1mb memory :-)this remake is huge fun and nostalgica! almost original amiga gameplay with slight tweaks and minor changes.ITS WORTH EVERY CENT !besta nice ""hun"" :-)"
,Recommended,320840,13137783,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Draefilk,"If you loved the Amiga game, this shouldn't disappoint, it's the same with nicer music (you can still hear the original if you like) and better graphics. Don't expect your hotas flightstick to work with it though, lot's of issues there. I'm not saying it wont, just be prepared to use keys and mouse! Great to relive the old memories, saves are every 5 missions, so if you die you can sometimes get lucky and start the same mission. Othertimes you have to repeat some. Although I havent tried this, I guess if you counted which 5 they were, you could use this to your advantage to improve on failed runs. Hmmm, enjoy fellow gamers!"
,Recommended,320840,12955940,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Evilnature,fun to try this one but i don't get the same old wipe i did when i played it on AMIGA and i actually unwrapped the AMIGA and tried it after the new one. It wont be the same ever. if i should rate it i would give it 3 out 5 stars. but for the silly low prize i payed then there is nothing wrong in owning it
76561198088219398,Recommended,320840,15152390,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,maginotlineatwar,"Quite good, but not what I expected.It seems that many details from the original game have been transferred to this new version very well. Some things are missing and they seem fairly annoying. Every time the aerial combat starts with the enemy straight ahead, quite unlike the original game and thats taking a lot away from the feeling. Also it seems to me that all enemy planes die in the same way. Have only encountered single-wing fokkers so far and they always break up. If I am not mistaken (and feel free to correct me) in the original game enemy planes had different possibilities to go down. Breaking up or just diving in flames etc. I really hope that the game does not stay as it is now because a lot of the original tension is missing. Don´t get me wrong, its fun to play and I will continue to do so, only it could be better if it were a bit closer to the original."
,Recommended,320840,15074193,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Salis,A fantastic update to a classic game which does the right things to update the game while remaining true to the source material
76561198094615591,Recommended,320840,19580572,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,VeryLittleGravitasIndeed,"Almost twenty years since I've last played this game and it's still marvelous as then. The remastered version is simply that, a remaster of the original for the modern displays and a few tweaks, but the gameplay has remained the same as I remembered it. Although the game seems simple, it has a quality I've found before only in Civ games: just one more mission/turn."
76561197960302014,Recommended,320840,22325589,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,underd0g,A timeless classic. And I still suck at strafing missions after all these years!
,Recommended,320840,27673874,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ansariel,"So... I had this game like 25 years ago on the Amiga 500 and it was a typical game from Cinemaware: The whole game wrapped in some sort of movie style, but some crazy gameplay where you never knew when you will fail (same as ""It came from the Desert""). But it was still a crazy fun game.Now I stumbled over the Remastered Edition after seeing a friend has bought it. My first reaction was: ""OMG! I need, need, NEEEEEEEEEEEEED that game!"" And since it was on discount for a few bucks, it was an immediate buy. Plugged in the Competition Pro joystick, started the game and... It was definitely worth the money! It's exactly the same game as on the Amiga, but with improved graphics! So much fun fun fun so far and addictive as hell. Since the missions are pretty short (about 2 - 5 minutes), this is ideal for the casual fun in the meantime - and super evil because there is always this ""just one more mission quickly..."" thing!To wrap it up: If you liked this game on the Amiga: Buy it! If you like short casual fun flying around and shooting: Buy it! Especially if it's on discount!"
,Recommended,320840,20645020,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mirage,"A remake of the classic game for the Commodore Amiga, it brings back all the old memories.The game is a flight sim/arcade flight shooter that plays out in WW1. You play as a pilot and go on patrols (regular flight sim), strafing runs (arcade action of shooting targets on ground) and bombing runs (same as strafing, but with bombs only and limited shooting of attacking planes).It's a very, very basic game but it was all the rage back in late 80's. The cool thing is that even if you die, you just get a new pilot and the game keeps on going until the end of WW1."
76561198033834522,Recommended,320840,24835805,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,6Taylor4,First 5 pilots down in flames on first mission. Then took out the trio of attacking planes all by myself. A hearty Retro 10 out of 10!All the fun of the original with the ability to display on modern pcs with great graphics. The feel and fun is all there. A total bargain.
76561198049957490,Recommended,320840,24585206,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mr.Bold,"Having the first world war being one of my favorite subjects, I was really looking forward to playing this game. In my opinion I think that it is a good little showing of how aerial combat was back then. I really enjoyed missions that gave the player a penelty of hitting Red Cross trucks. I feel like the world today has few who really show respect for thoes who have served, and died in war.R.I.P. Friend and EnemyOverall, I really enjoyed this game, and I think if your into this type of thing, you will enjoy it too."
76561198014649631,Recommended,320840,21373062,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,vangomaextreme,"Very repetitive but there's something deeply satisfying about watching your bullets shooting tails off Albatrosses and the graphics are remarkably good.  When it's on sale pick it up for some mindless quick entertainment! However, the sheer repetition will likely make you lose interest after about 5 hours which is what happened to me despite the fun I had, there is no real drive to get to the end of the war and find out if anything dramatic will change or happen, as it likely won't!"
76561198178536471,Recommended,320840,35244084,Posted: 27 September,all,rpdstars,"I was a fanatic of the original back on the Amiga 500 around 1990. I played through the campaign several times. Many years later there was a version available on a Nintendo hand held and it was an obomination. In the Ninendo version you were constantly crashing into the enemy aircraft because they would constantly get on your tail and you couldn't out turn them, you had a hard time seeing where they were. Then BOOM, you crash into them and your dead. I can already tell that this one is on par with the original as far as the AI goes. I managed to get one kill on my first mission using keyboard controls which were a bit cumbersome. I find that you have to keep your hand off the mouse if you are trying to fly with the W-S-A-D keys and then you can use the spacebar but I left clicked to fire. The graphics are remastered from the original. They aren't state of the art but they look wonderful to me. The story line seems to be exactly as I remembered and the voice over adds to the immersion. I know I've only completed the first mission (and the totorial missions) but I am loving this. A must own for fans of the original."
