user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,321190,12189735,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ariurotl,"[Please note that the ""Recommended"" vote is directed to users who appreciate the fact that this title is a visual novel and contains no ""gameplay"". Furthermore, my lack of ""play time"" is due to my having previously read the non-Steam release of Cho Dengeki Stryker.]Cho Dengeki Stryker is a visual novel developed by OVERDRIVE (makers of KIRAKIRA, Edelweiss and DEARDROPS, among others) and published in the West by MangaGamer. The adult version of the VN is available for purchase on MangaGamer website.First off, let's set the technicalities straight and alleviate some of the confusion surrounding this release. Cho Dengeki Stryker is an upgraded version of the original Dengeki Stryker novel with three additional arcs and a number of visual upgrades. In other words, it isNOTa sequel to Dengeki Stryker, and the original title is included in this release in full, with the exception of the aforementioned adult content.While Cho DS is not an entirely kinetic (i.e. lacking choices) novel, it is almost completely linear. In three original arcs (or ""Sagas""), the choices you make are irrelevant and yield only a few bits of alternative dialogue. Upon completing the original game, one of the conspicuously greyed-out decision options becomes available, thus unlocking the additional content.Presentation-wise, Cho DS boasts a number of decently animated sequences scattered over the course of the story. Sadly, despite being a rather recent title, it is not presented in high definition (the default resolution is 800x600). Character art by Katakura Shinji (KIRAKIRA, Edelweiss) is, in my opinion, an acquired taste. The supporting cast (especially male) looks delightfully silly, but I can't say I enjoy this artist's work when it comes to female characters.Music is a strong point in all OVERDRIVE games (partly owing to the fact that the company's president is Takeuchi Hiroshi aka Bamboo from the band ""milktub""). The soundtrack to Cho DS is no exception, providing several impressive vocal tracks and decent, if not outstanding, BGM.Another highlight is the usual brand of surreal humor typical for OVERDRIVE titles. In an effort not to spoil the story, I'll just say that Clark Kent and his famous glasses have got nothing on the extremely oblivious heroes of Cho DS. Most of the humor is delivered by the exceptional and diverse supporting cast, which is another of OVERDRIVE's good traditions.Sadly, the same cannot be said for the main heroines, which are as cookie-cutter and bland as they come. You've got your usual childhood friend and your usual tsundere to start with, and when you get to the additional content, you'll have to endure Rin, who is undoubtedly one of the most boring characters ever written. Luckily, romance in Cho DS takes a back seat to action, comedy and an occasional philosophical dilemma or two, and thus the overall story does not suffer too much from the vacuous personalities of the heroines.Speaking of the story, I found it solid if not particularly spectacular, with some interesting plot twists and a few poignant moments in the later scenes. The plot goes ""meta"" fairly early, but the writers don't go overboard with deconstructing manga tropes, and the story remains well-balanced.In conclusion, Cho DS is a good read that I can recommend without any hesitation. It is quite a few steps short of a masterpiece, but it's solid and entertaining enough to be well worth your time and money. Among the visual novels available on Steam, however, Cho Dengeki Stryker is firmly near the very top in terms of quality of storytelling, humor, music and presentation."
,Recommended,321190,12492287,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Crimson Justice,"Having put more than 30 hours in this Visual Novel and played it to utter completion (all routes + all of Jack's Diary pieces), it's time that I give my full opinion regarding the VN in its entirety.I personally, whole-heartedly, recommend this VN to anyone, especially those who are familiar with superheroes and the desires of heroism and fighting for justice. If I had to compare it to another anime or story out there, it would be Samurai Flamenco in terms of the whole wish fulfilment topic and desire to be a hero - however, unlike Samurai Flamenco, Cho Dengeki Stryker had enough time and resources (plus being a VN makes it more convenient) to explore the entire topic of what it means to become a hero, its struggles, its victories, its desires, how it can clash with reality.=STORY=The first route you'll (likely to) experience is the Zero Saga, and while I consider it one of the weakest routes of the story, it's a solid introduction to the story of the VN. You get a global view of all the characters surrounding you, and the main character comes to terms with the results of the wish he made 10 years ago. It also has a sweet love story that doesn't form an obstacle to the flow of the general story.The second route is Heaven's Saga. It's somewhat less dramatic compared to Zero Route and is more focused on being epic and all-around action-packed. Its side characters are way better treated compared to in Zero Route. However, when it comes to the love interest I'm not all too enthusiastic. It's basically your average tsundere girl that has some competence going on. While I like her moments of attitude and quirkiness, the relationship between her and the protagonist feels somewhat forced. I think that's the case because little has been done to show what the protagonist feels for the love interest and why, whereas Zero Route was more open to describe the feelings of the protagonist towards the love interest and what they should strive for.The third route, Sky Saga, is a continuation of Heaven Route which focuses on a different character, whom in my opinion is the true protagonist of Cho Dengeki Stryker. It's a short story that carries quite the dramatic weight similar to Zero Route yet carries the action-packed badassery of Heaven Route but on a smaller scale.The fourth route, Love Saga, is a story on its own with an emphasis of being a dramatic yet touching love story. It did its job superbly, making me appreciate a female character I somewhat ignored in the previous routes and turning me into a gigantic cry-baby when the credits rolled.The fifth route, Steel Saga, is a continuation of Zero Saga and one of the routes exclusively available on the Cho Dengeki Stryker version (the original version is the Dengeki Stryker version which only contains Zero, Heaven's and Sky Saga). It's starts off being a slice of life story dealing with the aftermath of Zero Saga, but it escalates into a fusion between Zero Saga and Heaven's Saga in terms of characters, drama and action. Certain characters obtain a sense of complexity throughout the route (going beyond their initial role and position in the previous routes) and the newest leading lady is just a badass. While she might be a love-or-hate case, I really adore her because she isn't as waifu-ish compared to previous girls, is similar to the protagonist in various ways, including badassery and competence.The sixth and final route, Light Saga, is a continuation of the Steel Saga and the conclusion of the entire Cho Dengeki Stryker VN. You will only be able to access this route after clearing Steel Saga twice, unlocking of both two leading girls (thank god there's a SKIP button). It's all-around the most satisfying route since it's the closest to an happy ending Cho Dengeki Stryker has. It's action-packed as well, but I find Sky Saga having the most epic battle while Steel Saga has the action-scenes which come across as very grand-scale.=CHARACTES AND MESSAGES=It's still hard for me to decide whether Cho Dengeki Stryker is a plot-driven story or a character-driven story. While it's generally a slice of life story centring on the life of Yuuki Yamato (Dengeki Stryker Zero) and to an extend the misadventures of the Balbora Vanguard, it doesn't shy away from having extensive commentary on wish fulfilment and the various facets of being a (super)hero.Yuuki Yamato / Stryker Zero is your average no-nonsense character, straight-faced and focused on his primary goals. What's initially charming about him is how he's out of touch with reality (being a manga character from an alternate history Japan that takes place in the 1930s that got transferred to 201X) and has to deal managing his daily school life with being a superhuman crime fighter. To prevent from spoiling way too much, I can only say that Steel and Light saga manage to flesh out Yamato's character even more, struggling with self-doubt and the consequences of his actions.Texas Ninja Jack, Yamato's sidekick, might lack any complexity, but is an all-around crouching-moron-hidden-badass type of character that's all around memorable and hilarious whenever he's caught in his silly antics.There are various female characters in the story and they all have their important role in the story depending on the route you've chosen. You've got your childhood friend, your tsundere, your maid girl, your insecure girl, et cetera. Most of them are quite enjoyable and interesting whether your leading girl / love interest or not.The enemies are for the most part forgettable and underdeveloped with the exceptions of Mirror, Curtis, Roches, Hilko -- and to a lesser extend Murray and Phoenix.To me, the messages regarding heroism and wish fulfilment that are evoked through the story's plot and the struggles of the main heroes stand out the most. It goes beyond the mere ""fighting for the girl you love"" shtick and it actually deals with loss and not always being the big glorious hero out there. Light Saga, Steel Saga and to a lesser extent, Heaven's Saga and Sky Saga show that a hero is more than one lone guy with fancy weaponry. That it takes more than one person to save the day, that heroes are just people with their own misfortunes and flaws yet fighting for a better future, that you won't always manage to tip the scales, that you won't always get the people's favour on your side and that even being there for someone and brightening his or her life makes you an hero as well -- those are several messages Cho Dengeki Stryker evokes throughout the story. It can be a bit cheesy at times but to me it was dealt with in a more mature yet passionate way (compared to other Shonen or Shonen-styled stories), hitting it close to home.=OVERALL=Due to character limits, I can't go all too much in lengths but the music and graphics are all-around a pleasure to see and listen to, especially in regards to the CGs, anime scenes and vocal tracks. While it's my very first VN, I still stand by the claim that this is so far one of the best stories I've ever experienced regardless of medium and that I really hope that the future might offer a story similar to Cho Dengeki Stryker. Hopefully, this time with more warriors dressed up in colourful spandex and karate-fighting bugmen riding on motorcycles. It's obviously far from perfect, being riddled with various plotholes and confusing moments, but it makes it up with the themes and messages it presents and the enchanted mixture of decent character development, well-detailed action scenes, drama, comedy, visual presentation and soundtrack.What are you waiting for? Give it a read, enjoy the ride and be charmed by its action-packed narrative with its moments of laughter, tears and inspirational messages that are a necessity for your inner justice-loving hero-worshipper/wannabe."
,Recommended,321190,12240823,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Bit Risky,"Cho Dengeki Stryker is a Visual Novel.  There is no ""gameplay"".  It is the first large Japanese Visual Novel on Steam, by which I mean that it is genuinely over 30 hours long as the store page says.The story revolves around a young boy who makes a questionable wish of a questionable wish-giver that results in him being transformed into his favorite superhero, but losing all of his memories.  Once he reaches the appropriate age to be the hero in question, villains from his world also start appearing and of course they fight.That part isn't actually particularly exciting, ironically.As it turns out, being a full-time superhero doesn't make you any money, nor does being a ""villain"" generally unwilling to do harm to civilians.  So both sides of the conflict end up as neighbors living in crappy apartments trying desperately to make ends meet, while miraculously maintaining their extremely flimsy secret identities.This is where Cho Dengeki Stryker shines, for me.  A slice-of-life story about a group of people extremely out of their element in more ways than they even realize.Of course, this eventually devolves into some kind of battle for the fate of something (depending on the route), but two routes add significantly more slice-of-life beyond the common route.  One of them (my personal favorite) has almost no combat scenes at all!Outside of the few fully-animated scenes, battles can be a drag.  Many go on too long, and given the kind of Japanese superhero basis for them, the destination is usually obvious from the word go and the players just have to dance around for a while to get there.  I don't mean to imply that it's bad once fights start breaking out.  There are still plenty of interesting moments in the ""darker"" parts of the story, but I more enjoy the characters interacting with words than explosions.Still, the VNdoeshave a lot of fun times, and I enjoyed it immensely.  It may not be on the level of the great classics, but if you're in for watching the everyday lives of some very not everyday people who eventually have to save the world by way of shouting move names, Cho Dengeki Stryker might be for you."
,Recommended,321190,19110085,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ron_tuex,"One of the best Visual Novels I've ever played.The unique superhero genre really made it more interesting.I expected this to be a happy go lucky Visual Novel at first,but after reading it for a few hours, I realized that it had many twists and turns,and big reveals towards the end. That really made me wish this was adapted to an anime series.I never would have thought that a Visual Novel with a superhero genre would be this good.This is a must have for fans of Visual Novels! :D"
76561198064320788,Recommended,321190,12163092,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Azurean,"This is an early review after about 1 hour, so I might change it later. But so far i'm really loving it, if only for reminding that Visual Novels don't have to be about sex.We're introduced to a bunch of characters at the start, and so far I love every single one of them. They're straight anime stereotypes, but done extremely well and the dialogues are well written, so their interactions are really entertaining.The ""fight"" scenes are a bit lame, being mostly textual. ""He sliced that building with one sword strike !!!"". Cool, I wish I would have seen that. They contrast heavily with the more ""slice-of-life"" parts, when the greatest challenge isn't to overcome a mighty foe, but to end up the month with noodles at every meal. So far I'm preferring the latter."
,Recommended,321190,12490807,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Uznare,"As mentioned by pretty much every positive review before this one, this game is easily the best VN on steam in terms of the overall quality of the package. It's extremely packed with content (Probably around 50 hours of it from my estimations), the UI is clean and has no issues. This enhanced version of Dengeki Stryker even adds some really neat visual effects that weren't in the original.The story is hard to talk about without dwelling in spoilers, so I guess you'll have to rely on the steam blurb for that.The music is really good going from filthy and intense guitars for the action scenes to really sacccharine infused 90s synth for some of the slice of life moments, the quality of the music in their games is an Overdrive staple as far as I know though.In conclusion, it's definitely the game to get if you enjoy VNs in any way."
,Recommended,321190,13753014,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tuckthor,"An amazing VN. Different paths while with only one ending each are amazing journeys on how you get to that end. From giant robots to american ninjas of unknown gender, the content this game contains is great.If you ever wanted to be a butterfly with a giant lightning sword this game is for you. If you don't then i pity you and you should get this game anyway.Amazing soundtrack and visuals, combined with amazingly animated cutscenes. Makes you feel like you're watching/reading an old superhero anime/manga. Now if only this could get it's own show...P.S. Hilko is mai waifu"
,Recommended,321190,12600551,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,yourfemfatal,"This is an Excellent Visual Novel.It is a tad pricey, but i snagged it on sale for $20 i think....but you can see it is very well drawn and voice acted!!<3 so far im enjoying it. if you have the extra money i would say grab it..! <3DOWNSIDE:: this is the ""all ages version""  the original game had some Hentai scenes and was a tad naughty this is chopped up and made age appropriate for everyone. but you can always google for the naughty cut out scenes!! :D hehe"
,Recommended,321190,13976800,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Drako9,"TL;DR: good vn with a fun and light story about superheros, a really nice entry to anyone who is planning to get into Vns with a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome soundtrackIts a fairly linear and light story as you get in the routes, not many choices or any bad end, so its fairly easy to play thought the whole VN without checking into a walkthroughSo its a pretty good entry to anyone who are interested in Visual novelsAlso the soundtrack is really awesome(i loved) really pumping you up in the eventsEvery character is fun and well written, and their interaction is really nice and fun to read mainly because of the Vanguard(first set of enemies) since their interaction with everything being pretty funnyso this VN is mainly good but sometimes bad as ♥♥♥♥ because of some inconsistency that usually happens in the endings(mainly the last one)and because of that i guess the best way to rate this would be rating each route alone based in the endingsso lets start-Zero sagaFairly generic and can sometimes looks like they asspull the plot really hard even thought when you see the big picture its oki mean, its the first route so at the moment you know nothing about the story so some events looks really weirdbut even after all that its a pretty and pleasant story to read4/10 for the first time6/10 once you see that everything wasnt asspull-Heaven sagaIts like a superhero route(every one of then are that, but that one is more lmao) with a happy ending(at last by the time the route itself ends)really nice fights, you get see the whole cast working together against a greater evil especially because by that time you start really liking the vanguard(first set of villains that arent really villains) and by the end you will like then even morealso you start realizing the big picture of the story and see that the first one was really just a introduction(at last for now)7/10-Sky sagamy favourite route so farits a sequence to the Heaven route showing what happens with mirror(the main enemy from light route)it closes really well the heaven saga without many holes even thought its a bit sad and you get to see more(if not everything) of the big picture with the best ending in my opnion of all routes9/10by that time you finished the Dengeki Stryker and is starting the Cho Dengeki Stryker that adds more 3-4 routes-Love Saga(filler saga)as the name means its mostly the filler romantic routenothing important at all happensit just the main character and the romantic interest from this saga interacting till they fall in lovenot that is bad, from a character i didnt really like, by the end of the route i started likingand the plot twist at the end(even thought its obvius) was really niceits just that NOTHING IMPORTANT HAPPENS6/10-Steel Sagaits a sequence to the Zero Sagaits a nice add to the zero saga trying to close things that happened in the zero saga even thought by the end of that it fells more like a extraits actually 2 route in one(lazy overdrive)why?Because its exactly the same thing with both girls just changing 3 scenes(2 coming from choices and one from the ending)it is pretty fun mainly because they introduce a really fun character(clie > all)and their interaction with the new character is hella funnyi just wish they wouldnt made that in a 2 in 1 route =/7/10-Light sagaits the gran finale, sequence to the Steel Sagaby the start this saga is really goodbut by gods sake they messed up really hard by the end with too many inconsistencysin a route that should close any hole they more like created a ♥♥♥♥load of holes in the plotlike forgeting a girl that shouldnt exist by the endingor messing up the ending so they could add a action sceneit clearly that by the time this route was done they were by far out of the deadline and rushing as hell to finish the VNits kinda sad because that route had a great potential to end with a golden key the series8/10 till half of the story4/10 the restoverall 6/10so is this VN good?Yes it isoverall with all routes i would give this a 7/10by far the best VN on steam atm in my opnionand for god sake dont start me about the pornits one of these vns where the porn is crap and the story is far better skiping then"
76561198087837941,Recommended,321190,29599042,Posted: 30 January,all,ZaabiZS,"This is undoubtedly one of the better Visual Novels on Steam right now. It does come at a hefty price tag, but it is worth it in my opinion. I haven't even completed all of the routes yet, so my playtime is bound to increase with all the content this offers.The premise of the story is that a boy loves heroes and makes a wish to become one. The story from there evolves rapidly with a great cast of characters. Most of which are the villains, who are really fun characters. The main character himself is fairly dry cut, but he's got a good personality. I certainly felt something for the characters as they went through their ups and downs.Art in the game is solid all around. There are some animated scenes, which are a nice bonus when they come around.Sound in the game is used to enchance the experience from sound effects in battle to the background music in slice-of-life scenes. Also, there's good voice acting for all of the characters.Writing is well done and translated well. It reads quick and action scenes are conveyed well.As for routes, they have different major routes that diverge the story a good bit. I can't give a final consensus, since I haven't finished them all. But, the ones I've been through are enjoyable giving a different twist on the story.Oh yeah, there are girls and romances. Those are alright.All in allPlaysLikeAnAnime/10!"
,Recommended,321190,13624484,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Truger,This game is one of the best visual novels i have ever played. It is a bit pricey but it has a lovely synchronization and such a long story that it's definitely worth that amount of money
76561198032486511,Recommended,321190,12481950,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Rain_Storm,"The Bad Guys are the Best, Interesting story aside from the main character who takes too long to develope the rest of the cast is quite interesting to watch. For the most part put it on auto sit back and read."
,Recommended,321190,13282093,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Lexicon,"It's pretty much a shonen VN through-and-through, with the stock-standard ""power of friendship"" trope, constant power up trope, and a hero that can defeat hundreds of mooks because he's just that powerful.Oh, and characters who all have prosopagnosia. There's no other explanation for that particular plot hole where two enemies come face-to-face in battle, then fail to recognise each other in daily life. Though I just went with the head-canon that everyone wears masks with voice-altering properties into battle (cause, yanno, the creators were probably too lazy to illustrate it).It's no Steins; Gate by a long shot, but it's lighthearted popcorn fun with some surprisingly thought-provoking parts here and there."
76561198089982306,Recommended,321190,15464391,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Mykster,"Cho Dengeki Stryker.    For me i had no idea what i was getting into i thought it was something of a hit and miss, then once after a bit,  it drew me in i wouldnt say like fish in a barrel, But  i was hooked the story line was perfect,  some bits u cant stop laughing while others could almost reduce a teddy bear too tears.  A Brilliant novel , the few choices that were possible affected the story line in such a way, it'll leave you hanging from the edge of ur seat                                                  //  Hint u can load previous saves to aquire these choices  //  Hint again    for all that dont know u can view each arc after completing a couple by clicking new game  some arcs replace new game title all together and require you to click it to begin such arcs     ////         ^^   Look Forward too more similar games, even a sequal  XD   ^^"
76561198000735387,Recommended,321190,12212590,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ragnawind,"For those who like Visual Novels for their stories, this is a pretty good one. The localization was done pretty good, as well. There are a few typos, as is expected with any game release. This originally had an adult version, but an All Ages version was made so it could be put on Steam, but the adult scenes that were removed aren't even really noticeable, especially considering they didn't really add to the story in anyway.Basically, the premise of the story is about a child wishing to be a superhero from his favorite manga. On the first route and possibly others, it introduces some plot twists near the end, for those who like them. They really make you think back to see how it was possible and sometimes aren't easily explained. The characters are pretty interesting, especially as their characters are built up from the beginning.The game is pretty lengthy if you want to experience the whole story. At an average speed and completely the first route (the Zero Route), it took about 9 hours, with some breaks leaving the game running. There are a total of 6 routes in this version of the game. The original version, Dengeki Stryker, only had 3 (Zero, Heaven, and Sky). This version has 3 additional ones (Steel, Light, and Love). I believe the order is Zero, Heaven, and Sky, with the other 3 being able to be done completely after these first 3. I'm not sure which of the originals unlock each of the new ones, but some options will be greyed out if you haven't finished the first route.Overall, I liked what I have played so far and I will continue to play for all of the content."
76561198006395100,Recommended,321190,12233078,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Lavian,"I'm going to start by apologizing for my language in this review, but there's no better way to articulate the way I feel about Dengeki Stryker.It's harder to connect to the characters than in OVERDRIVE's other major titles. It won't make you cry like a goddamn child like KIRA KIRA. It won't make you laugh (and cringe) like EDELWEISS. It won't get you worked up like DEARDROPS. It will make up for it in pure ♥♥♥♥ing badassery.It just tells a really good story, over the course of the entire thing. You really have to play the three original Sagas in game to get the entire story. They're not really separate.I had originally kind of ""meh"" impressions with the Zero Saga (the first one), but I jumped right back into the game for the Heavan and Sky Sagas and was not disappointed.So, why the lackluster first impressions? It's a superhero visual novel. That's not a bad thing in itself, but it's very focused on that. It's split up into chapters like a half-series length anime with a lot of action. You don't get a whole lot of time just bonding with the characters, and because of that, you don't fall absolutely in love with them like you would in other visual novels. That's just not what this is about. That said, this also means that when bad things happen to the characters, you don't feel quite as strong about it (or at least I didn't feel as strongly about it).Nonetheless, that's just at the start. The later sagas very much assume knowledge of previous ones and build upon them. This allows you to get the characters over time over multiple ""playthroughs"", so to speak. Still, I'm not as attached to the characters as other OVERDRIVE titles. I'm not absolutely in love with some of the lead characters the way I am in some other OVERDRIVE titles. I do truly admire the characters the same way I admire the characters of DEARDROPS though. I suppose the whole ""♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ never give up!"" attitude shared between the characters of both titles is something I'm drawn to.I feel like I haven't really said anything good, but seriously. Dengeki Stryker is fantastic. Maybe I shouldn't have said I don't ""love"" the characters. I do love them. I love the characters, but in the same way that I would love a hero, not a peer, and I suppose that's how it should be.... okay nevermind. I lied. At least two of the three newer sagas focus much more on particular characters and really let you get to know them better. It takes a little bit of time before you can access the new sagas though. It's completely worth it however. I thought the original storyline was good, the new ones are even better in my opinion."
76561198254923900,Recommended,321190,20615761,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kyo Uzuki,this is a good VN of the superhero writing. some ♥♥♥♥♥ about how the H-sences removed. i can tell you i have played alot of VN with and without h-sences in them. and i tell you it is one of those VNs that with the h-sences removed it is okay. it is not like fate stay night hevans feel were they are a part of the story and needed and if were removeed that one route would just not feel right due to the story. this one however does not suffer that prolem. because with the H-sences gone that don't seem to effect the story so no worries on that part. however there are some who have prolems with the final saga known as the light saga endinding. you have to look at what all happened to yamato body from the zero saga to the steel saga and then the light saga ending. however it is good to know that yamato can at last have peace of mind with one of the women he's known. the only saga i say you can walkway with knowning that he willl be happy is the love saga. what i like about this VN is it shows the flaws that heros have. and even a hero needs to earn a rest. this  is worth full price if you really want to play it . but if you want to wait till sale that is fine as wellll. but know this  it is worth your money ether way and will take 30 hours to compete it all.
76561197997376058,Recommended,321190,12172687,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,2PumpsMicky,"Fantastic VN for those who like Super Hero stuff , i hope more Overdrive stuff is added onto Steam"
76561198007126977,Recommended,321190,12164217,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The_Aimless,"TENRAI!Good novel, good humor and loads of scarfed badassery."
,Recommended,321190,12194225,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Rayge,"I'm going to say this is probably the best VN on Steam right now. It's got great production work with animated cut scenes, it's fully voiced and has a decent story to boot. It's not the best writing around, but it isn't horrible either. If you're an avid anime fan then it's no different. If you're looking for something outside of your typical dating sim, then this is it. For those that have never tried a VN, but are interested, then give this one a go."
76561197971599440,Recommended,321190,19883688,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ThePaper,"Disclaimer: I have not played through ALL the endings, but I have played through most of them. A couple things though seem very unlikely to change, and if something does change I'll edit my review.First: All Ages Version does -NOT- mean it is appropriate for all ages. This is T for Teens given some of the dialogue - and Jack's Diary, which is frickin hilarious.That said, this is a great visual novel. Not an epic one like Demonblade, Princess Waltz, or Fate/Stay Night, but still a great one, and possibly the best action VN on Steam. The best part I think are the characters - you will learn to love the Balmoran Vanguard. While not super-original, they are still more than 1 or 2 dimensional archetypes. The humor is excellent. The fighting... varies. I found some outright boring, with victory being as dramatic as ""wow, good job dropping a boulder on the villain after your allies did all the work."" Other fights were appropriately dramatic and required the main character doing something suitably crazy/difficult.The first 3 paths have to be done in order. The story starts off good and gets better each path so far, with each path being less predictable and more complicated.I can't comment much on the music or voice acting because of speaker problems on my end, but I know that I did manage to catch some very dramatic and moving lines just the same.Regarding censorship: When most hentai VNs get censored to change the rating, it is done terribly. Either they put stupid mosaic blurs that does nothing to make it less sexual and serves only to tick off the people looking for hardcore porn, or they tend to chop out everything remotely related to sex and the entire romantic encounter is reduced to (and I am quoting almost word for word from one game) ""And with this and that, it happened.""  in Stryker, the actual sex (and any nude images I assume they would have) is removed, but enough of the beginning and end of those scenes remain that you still get a decent sense of the emotional intimacy. Female characters don't walk around in bikinis or find every excuse to show their panties, and to my incredible surprise, there is no character with an 11 year old body, attitude, and voice whom is nevertheless of legal age according to the legal disclaimer.  In short: if you want romance but not nudity or fanservice, this delivers.Perhaps my biggest annoyance is the Memory Collector. You will learn to hate him more and more. He's a cross between Kyubey from Madoka and Marcus from Borderlands in the worst way, but my biggest grief is that nobody in-universe seems to mind. The following scene never occurs in the  game as I made it up to avoid massive spoilers, but captures the essence of the problem.M. Collector: ""I see you want to make a wish. I can grant it but I take payment in memories.""Wisher: ""I want all the money in the world. You can have my memories of my parents.""M. Collector: ""Deal. Here you go.""Wisher: ""8 billion, 9 billion... this is only 10 billion. We made a contract for all the money in the world. I want my memories back.""M. Collector: ""No refunds.""Wisher: ""You didn't even give me what I was buying.""M. Collector: ""Paragraph 5 of the contract says that's your problem, not mine.""Wisher: ""When you put it that way, cheating me and then blaming me for your failure makes perfect sense. Have a nice day!""M. Collector: ""I'll be back to invisibly voyeur on your hentai scene tonight.""Wisher: ""Gosh, that Memory Collector sure is a swell guy."""
,Recommended,321190,24611080,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Deathrexx,"I've played both versions of this game and ill say i dont see the big deal over the 'censorship' of this game. sure censorship sucks but for this one game i feel it actually did it some good. its a bit easier to get into the story and most of those scenes were so out of character for the protagonist that it was a bit derailing. (i also acknowledge if youre playing this game FOR those scense then that doesnt really matter but for those who enjoy visual novels for the plot it makes a difference). i highly recommend this game to anyone looking to try out a visual Novel. like others have said it truly is one of the better ones available on steam atm.the characters, plot and gags are fun and interesting and replaying for the different routes feels a lot less tedious than it usually can end up feeling with this type of game. i feel it was totally worth the purchase."
76561198169193334,Recommended,321190,16346715,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,chetterx,"Hilarious. Nostalgic. and somewhat addicting.You, as the reader, will know so much more than the characters so there is this level of frustration that builds the longer the characters are oblivious, but that only adds to the addicting factor and quite often the humor as well.visual novel fans should love this no matter what"
,Recommended,321190,15881879,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Hollow,"One of the best Visual Novels I've experienced, with a great deal of focus to audio, visual and written elements. I hope we see more like it that push elements of design further and further to enhance the experience."
76561198094315523,Recommended,321190,16071416,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Grimkaizer™,"Oh my god, yes.Cho Dengeki Stryker is a welcome addition to the Steam Library. Visual Novels are few and far between here, and the ones we do get more so often fall into the dating simulator sub-genre. If you like VN's, I reccomend supporting Cho Dengeki Stryker to show interest on Steam (also buy Higarashi)/Now, Cho Dengeki Stryker is by all accounts a straight forward VN. It has multiple endings with an enforced play order, it has some brilliant voice acting, it has great CG art, and a few well-animated cutscenes. The plot is 'different,' and thats good and bad. The good: it has a great set up, I mean I was pretty hooked from the beginning. The whole idea of exchanging memories for wishes was great. And the back story behind the Strykers, and Balabora was all interesting. The bad; the set up leads to typical VN/Anime humor, with our characters attending high school, going to festivals, and generally acting like teenagers. Our primary antagonist cast is also relegated to some low-brow jokes as the 'wacky' neighbors. It makes the moments that delve into the Dengeki Stryker world/lore so much better, and makes you wonder what a game of the Dengeki world would've been like? Or rather, a smarter more intricate plot involving the memory collector?Regardless of its no-frills execution and plot, the characters are all so great, and make the VN so much more enjoyable than it has a right to be. Essentially any plot point focusing on the character Mirror is fantastic. I love Cho Dengeki Stryker, but unless you are already a VN fan, I'd probably skip it, unless the concept interests you."
,Recommended,321190,12245154,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,TofuDrifter,"Fully voiced, music by JAM project, great action scenes, GAR.But it's all ages.9/10"
76561198016703284,Recommended,321190,12395708,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,BlubberNuggetz,"Another great visual novel by Overdrive and mangagamer. Love the art, music, and plot so far."
76561198075564856,Recommended,321190,13969631,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,seacliff217,"The only VN that will match this is quality on steam is when Clannad gets localized later this year, so fans of Key VNs will probably love this. It's also easy to choose the paths you want so newcomers to VNs can have a good time without using a walkthrough."
,Recommended,321190,14121351,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SolidFangJoker,"This is without a doubt one of the best VN's you can play/read. The fact that Cho Dengeki Stryker came to Steam at all is simpling amazing. Everything about this VN is great, The OP for it was done by Masski Endoh and its got all te hot blooded action of GGG. I loved every second."
,Recommended,321190,31989615,Posted: 26 May,all,The Glorious Potato,THERE IS A GIANT CHRYSALIS MONSTER PLAYING HOUSE WITH THE MAIN CHARACTER'S MOMWHAT THE ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,321190,19795946,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Jyazen,"Ahhh, just where do I start? Never had any game grated me this much... and I tried my very best to like this game. I mean, with so many positive reviews, it oughta be good, right? Right? Unfortunately, this was not the case for me.Disclaimer:This is mypersonal opinions, you are free to agree or disagree with it. We all have different tastes. And oh,SPOILERS AHEAD.I repeat,SPOILERS AHEAD.Before anything, let's start with the good. It's always best to start with the good.The Good:Awesome soundtrack (JAM Project and Masaaki Endoh never ever disappoints)Excellent animation (even better than some anime!)Mirror T_T ;_;Jack~<3Now for the bad... let's just say... RANT MODE ON.I've played tons of Visual Novels and Kinetic Novels. I'm used to having my choices having little to no matter at all and just be in it for the ride, so to speak. I've cried playing Narcissu, I've laughed playing Nekopara, I've facepalmed playing one of the Sakura games, I've shuddered in fear playing Higurashi, but this game... this game... Cho Dengeki Stryker is definitely unique and not in a good way.Playing this game is watching a trainwreck in slow motion. Veeeeeeeeery slow motion. It's worse then watching an episode of the three stooges. Both the protagonist and the villains are actively in a competition to see who's the most incompetent of them all, and that's an understatement. It's like watching Home Alone and everybody's the Wet Bandits (e.g. the robbers), even our protagonist... and Jack is Kevin McCallister. >.<Let's start with our protagonist, ""Yuuki Yamato"". The hero of this ""super hero epic"" that... well, never legitly won a single encounter the whole game. At the very best, he fought the enemies to a standstill (that's his debut, ladies and gentleman) and then proceeded to get his♥♥♥♥♥whomped every single battle after that, the last battle notwithstanding, but that's with some sacrificial last-minute-power-up, which is why I put ""legitly won"".And oh, guess what? When our hero was sufficiently beaten up, the sidekick character of the story shows up and... defeated the current villain opponent in a single move. Yes, the villain that was giving our hero so much trouble? Defeated in a SINGLE MOVE, by the sidekick: Texas Ninja Jack. Yes, he/she (don't ask) is a ninja... from TEXAS. And surprisingly, Jack happens to be the most competent character in the whole game.As for the villains... meh, I'll just cut my rant short and say the whole group of villains are as incompetent as (or worse than) our hero.MASSIVE SPOILERS STARTS!!!Fortunately, however, we do have a diamond in the rough, and that is in the character Mirror. Mirror, to me, is the most interesting (and most tragic) character in the game. Who's Mirror? Why, he's the real Yuuki Yamato. The child who made the wish that started this whole tale. Because of his wish, ""Yuuki Yamato"" became Dengeki Stryker, but that's not the real Yuuki Yamato, the real Yuuki Yamato and his memories, all became trapped in a ""monster"" that's the character of a book (the same book Dengeki Stryker and the villains originated from) not really knowing what's going on and just want his mom and dad. It's all very very tragic. and the only part I like about the whole game, but at that point I'm already grated to hell and back and thus the thumbs down.MASSIVE SPOILERS ENDS!!!The other thing I disliked, albeit minor, is despite the animation being excellent and we get great quality cutscenes, there's just too much reused clips. Especially the Stryker equip Clips. I guess it's something of a homage to good ol' anime and tokus where they keep reusing the transformation and attack clips. Unfortunately, it works in animes/tokus because it's once per week, whereas as this is a game, and I'm playing it in one sitting... let's just say the reused clips gets annoying after the nth time it's reused within the very same hour and I every much want to (and do) skip it.This is a ""super hero epic"" with nothing heroic at all. The hero doesn't win (at all :P), there's little to no heroic or gripping scenes and... is our hero even actually a hero? What this is is a tragic tale of a wish made by a child who, as a child, does not know better. In other words, it's like Madoka Magica being advertised as a magical girl show. It's true, but it's just not what one's expecting.Well, I'm done for now. Did I say the most competent character in this whole game is Jack? I did? Well, I'll say it again. The most competent character in this whole game is Jack.(And randomly: How does a Cyborg grow up anyway? I always figured the Stryker stuff are just armanents, but they keep saying he's a cyborg.)"
,Not Recommended,321190,31429420,Posted: 28 April,all,bunny1ov3r,"This VN had some great ideas in its premise. These concepts are portrayed in a very powerful manner in several of the game's highlight moments, alongside with great production value like hot-blooded BGM and animated scenes (climax scenes only).However.95% of the novel, which are made up of parts that lead up to these highlight moments, are filled with uninspired everyday life fillers fraught with characters that range from dull to okay. Or worse, drawn-out scenes of super heroes fighting villains in the most cliched way possible. Even the production value is sub-par, in contrast to the stellar presentation in climax scenes.What we get is not justified by its current price of $35. If you have to get this game, try to get it while at discount. Also, word of advice, whenever you feel like the game is getting boring, go ahead and skip a bunch. Usually the last 10-20% of each route is more interesting."
,Recommended,321190,18914645,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Rude Boy EEEE,"I'm liking this so far, but it reminds me of Buzz Lightyear's confusion in Toy Story... Still, awesome VN so far!"
,Recommended,321190,15210344,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,𝓂𝒾𝓈𝓉𝒶𝓀𝑒𝓈,"wel♥♥♥♥♥♥ i bought this game at full price and a couple of days later it goes on sale.thanks based gaben, you sly shapeshifting lizard."
,Recommended,321190,12335354,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Shinsuke Nakamura,"Absolutely spectacular Visual Novel. I wish the censorship wasn't there (it was blantantly obvious what was censored). The story is engaging from start to finish, It felt like a full manga/anime series. It has a few animated cutscenes (about 5-10 minutes worth) & full voice acting which is a huge plus! If you're into action anime such as Dragonball Z or Trigun and don't mind some typical slice of life anime tropes to be thrown in here and there, then you'll have something fantastic to read! The store page says there is 30-50 hours of gameplay but I managed to read it all in 5. There are supposed to be 6 routes and I am going to go back and try out a different one but I don't know how much different it will be. If it's worthwhile to do the other routes I'll update this review but as it stands, it's definitely worth the asking price (and it was a steal for $20 on sale!)."
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,321190,12231914,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,天诛,"The reason I bought this game is because I wanted to support Visual Novels. You know when the devs see that there is this niche market out there that is willing to dish out cash for them then hopefully more devs will follow. Therefore more interesting games will be released.My reasoning aside, was my purchase worth it?You can probably see this big red thumb down but before you jump on your defence band-wagon read my review and then you can disagree or agree.This game costed me around 15 pounds ( it was on 45% discount at the time ). I read the description and I was looking forward for those “animation” sequences, graphically it presented itself good too.Eager to sink into the story I clicked “New Game”.What hit me was an intro of the game talking about “cyborgs” well nothing wrong there but the music was totally mismatched for the pace and atmosphere... it's like dancing waltz on a heavy metal concert... You would feel awkward.However music later on, was not an issue. It's actually quite good and you will have “every day's life” tunes and when there is a tension, music will also accommodate. Only on this one instance music was mismatched.Story started pretty normally ( well rather cliché but it's not an issue ). It was later on that I had laughed hard. There aren't many jokes out there but rather than jokes its the situations the main character gets in that will crack you up. Because I don't want to spoil too much all I will say that character images most likely will make you laugh hard. I mean it's Japanese silly, over the top humour at its best.As for the story itself. It's lack-luster. Most likely because character development in this VN is just very bland. At the very end I haven't felt anything towards those exaggerated characters and in fact I wanted them to loose for some strange reasons. This game on mangagamer website is aged for people over 18 years old and yet this story is immature and outright stupid. How many times I have found myself shouting inside ( * Spolers * why the main character is such a hot head? Never thinks things through which is exploited by his enemies and if it weren't for his friends a lot of times he would be dead for good * Spoilers End* ) Well this could've been easily solved by letting player to have a choice whether to save this or that person and then have a different ending. However this VN doesn't offer you such important choices. Instead you will have few choices along the way that will set you on the right “chapter” like Zero Saga or Heavenly Saga. You have no power over who dies or who get saved ( and it's a superhero story... ).  Same goes for the characters you want to have romance with. They are hard wired into the chapters so if you had chosen * Spoilers * Zero Saga then you will end up with Haruna ( main hero childhood friend ). Again you have no choice which character you want to end up with. Then again one could argue that this game is not a romance sim and fair enough. Nevertheless lack of choices was a disappointment for me, especially because the story is not that interesting or mature. In fact it seems that the only reason why this game was 18+ on mangagamer website was because of adult scenes ( which is most likely 1-2 CGI and awkward voice acting ).  Stripped from those scenes game became “For all ages”. That in itself should tell you something about the game story. It's fun in the beginning but it gets tedious and novelty of it wears off quickly and you ask yourself why this dumb game was even made...?Time for those animation sequences and graphics. Animation scenes are too far spread out and some of them are overused like “Stryker activation scene”. For a game that is around 27 pounds on steam store you would expect quality. However some of the CGI scenes ( especially the one with Cherry Blossoms ) look like child drawings. On top of that I have noticed anatomy issues and foreshortening problems. As a VN reader I do expect and Eye Candy from time to time that's why I pains to see that some one cut the corners, slapped some paint over it and said “job done”. No. We have to stop accepting mediocrity in the games. I don't expect mind blowing graphics but at least make it up to the standards and erase those errors.  In some VN you can forgive graphical mistakes but when the game has a weak story, weak character development you would think that at least graphics would be good... It's not an eye sore but It tells you that it's unpolished, fan service money grabber. As for the menu screen and hud layout I have no problems there.Summarising : I would not recommend this game to anyone. Price tag for this quality is too high. I bought it only to support VN releases on steam but thinking back I shouldn't have. I regret supporting mangagamer on this. In fact I won't support them in the future simply because of the adult content and bringing such games that relies on fan service rather that quality story and character development.Fan boys can bring their rage now but hey blind people can't see."
76561197985514149,Not Recommended,321190,23380144,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,John Preston,"I've tried to get a refund for this game, but unfortunately, it was already too late.I didn't need more than 1 hour to dislike this game. When even the villains are not to be respected, is because the company failed miserably. They are completely stereotyped and stupid, and unfortunately, so is the main character. I was expecting a serious story, but what I got was a juvenile plot and imature characters. The stupidity freak show starts at the very beginning:YAMAYO FIGHT THE VILLAINS IN THE BEGINNING OF THE STORY, THEN TAKE OFF HIS ARMOR, MOVE TO AN APARTMENT COMPLEX, AND THEN WHAT? THE VILLAINS MOVE JUST RIGHT NEXT TO HIM, THE VILLAIN KNOCKS AT HIS DOOR TO ""SHOW RESPECT FOR THE NEW NEIGHBOR"", THEY GREET EACH OTHER, PART WAYS, AND THEN THEY THINK ""I GOT A FEELING THAT I'VE SEEN HIM BEFORE.""SERIOUSLY?Good think I've got this game 66% off, because I would be extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I wasted full price money on this.May it be a lesson to you all: if you buy a new game, play it under 14 days to be able to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,321190,14057170,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Warp,"This is a visual novel.Literallya visual novel. This is not a game. It's essentially a digital comic with voice acting, and zero interaction and gameplay.I don't have anything against visual novels per se, especially when they are actual games. For example9 hours - 9 persons - 9 doorsis an excellent visual novel that takes great advantage of the medium to make an interesting, story-heavy game, but which has some actual gameplay in it.But this isn't a game. This isliterallya visual novel. There is no interactivity, there are no branching narratives to speak of, no puzzles to be solved, no gameplay, nothing. It's just that: A novel. Text with pictures. Like a comic, but more limited, with some animations here and there.I understand that a distinction is made, especially in Japan, between actual visual novels and so-called adventure games (which use the same idea as visual novels, but incorporate interactive elements, such as eg. puzzles to be solved, and branching storylines.) But I wasn't expecting thisgameprogram to bethisnon-interactive.The art is excellent (probably the best that can be found on Steam currently) and the voice acting is ok (especially if you are a fan of japanese). However, with no gameplay at all... I just can't recommend this personally."
,Recommended,321190,13991486,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Paper Rabbit,"90% action 5% romance and 5% the meaning of hero.Do you like the 90s hot blooded action anime or tokusatsu type? If the answer is yes, this will be a good fit for you. If however you come looking for a VN expecting some decent love development with potential love interests, er........WARNING: The Steam version is the modified version where the adult content has been removed. If you are bothered by the lack of sexy time, buy the game straight from mangagamer instead.I've picked up the game during Steam's first anime sale while checking out the sales page. After many a so-so looking VN or Simulator I chanced upon this particular VN. It's a bit atypical for me because it seems to depict a very hot blooded Shonen protagonist with a cyborg theme going on. I happen to like the 2 so I thought I would give it a shot. Steam could certainly use more VN players. Price point is a bit steep for the usual VN on Steam even at 50% off, but personally I enjoyed the game and it's worthed it for me.I'm quite pleasantly surprised by Cho Dengeki Stryker. Despite it being incredibly, disturbingly linear, it was still quite an enjoyable trip. Sure some of the cliches are quite by the book if you know your anime and tokusatsu well. That still doesn't stop me from enjoying the daily comedy life aspects of the game. There ARE some very glaring anime wacky logic in place, such as the superhero/villain identity thing. If you can buy the fact that all you had to do is change your outfit and no one would be the wiser, you'll probably enjoy this game. (It's like Sailor Moon all over again, not even a mask or anything. Even Superman has a better disguise than everybody in this game. Honestly.)The titular main character may seem like an incredible bore but he quickly grew on me. You know he's acting with all the logic and personality of a typical do gooder from 90s and before, but you couldn't help but like the guy for this anyway. The supporting casts range from typical incompetent evil lackeys, generic childhood love interest, that one tsundere character, the one with misunderstood tragic backstory, so on and so forth. Seems like a cookie cutter action drama, but it actually plays out fairly well and drastically different in the 6 character routes the game presents. The villains' daily lives remind me of the ""evil"" organization in Astro Fighter Sunred: still want to take over the world, but they are great model citizens/neighbors. The love interests' performance is a bit weak compared to how long and well thought out the battle sequence is. For a VN, they definitely could've put some more empahsis on the girls. Love Saga does manage to remedy some of that, but still not enough.The battle and action sequence is fairly well done and you can see the writer is definitely a fan of the genre. The accompanying soundtracks is excellent. The voice acting really brought the characters to life. The few bits of animation sequence works well, but not really needed IMO given their location and timing in the routes.In terms of choices, there are multiple routes. A flag option in the Menu allows you turn ON story route flags if you choose to dive straight into different character routes; I however highly recommended trying to play the game in sequence. The original Dengeki Stryker chapters may feel a bit weak and unsatisfying compared to the additional routes added in the Cho version. I've mentioned how incredibly linear this game is even by VN standards. Yes, in the terms of actual choices the game lets you make very, very little decisions. It's all one route, one ending. Beats farming for bad ends I guess.Route opinions and recommended order:Zero Saga- Typical anime ending. Feels like a Normal End or Bad End +.Heaven Saga- Explosions, excitements, more character development! True End -.Sky Saga- A further expansion on a previous character route. Very bitter sweet.Love Saga- Cute, then it gravitates to diabetes sweet. Expect some Deus Ex Machina.Steel Saga- Continuation from one of original Saga. Expect the same level of quality from Heaven Saga, minus even more romance.Light Saga- The complete end. A decent wrap to most of my problems I've had with the VN concerning story issues.Shadow Saga-there's no such thing. Could've really used one though."
76561198062552799,Recommended,321190,15587518,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sereis,"Good story...This is truly a visual novel, pretty much no interaction whatsoever but i did enjoy the story. Just a little bit i was disapointed I was expecting 10/10 but for me it was 8/10 im a hard judge though. I wanted more...I might playthrough again but probably not.Cho Dengeki Styker: Something you would find in ""Shonen Jump Oneshots"""
,Recommended,321190,15330895,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Deltaigarus,"An incredibly good superhero story about a child learning to be careful what he wishes for and a city struggling with some intense facial recognition disabilities.I think i paid about £12 for this visual novel and i will say i believe it was worth every penny.If you want a videogame then dont get this. If you want an anime then dont get this.If you enjoy reading manga and would like to read a superhero manga then get this.My single playthrough  playtime of the zero saga (1 of 3 sagas i believe: 6 1/2hrs (Not rushed but not lounging)(Gotta admit, finding out though that this is an erogame with all the adult content removed kinda wierds me out.... amongst many reasons...because the story is so damn good.)"
76561198047502423,Recommended,321190,14101592,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,CorruptMadNinja,"Updated the review after finishing Heaven, Sky, and Love Sagas. Currently in the middle of Steel.=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-Just finish the Zero route (the first route) and I'd say that alone is enough to justify the purchase. With regards with what to expect from the 1st route:-Very Shonen-y (depends if you're into it or not)-Dry beginning (pretty much until the timeskip but I still enjoyed the intro)-Likeable antagonists (escpecially Mirror)-No H Scene (it's on Steam. You'll definitely tell where it's suppose to be but I think given the circumstances, I should have been there)- ~1 hour per chapter (11 chapters in the Zero route, though a few chapters are longer/shorter. I finished it in 12 hours)Warning: If you didn't already know, this is a visual novel. It's very story-driven with a few slice-of-life sections to break up the story (though it's more for characterization rather than ""filler""). Also, there is an enforced play order (Zero->Heaven->Sky->(Zero)->Steel->Light. Love can be read anytime but I recommend it after Sky) so you won't be romancing other heroines to enter a route (think F/SN's play order).Judging on the Zero Route alone, this is worth a purchase on sale. The other routes may possibly be better, similarly to F/SN. I'll update this review when I finish the other routes.Update 6/7/15Heaven Saga is equally as good, if not better, than the Zero saga. It introduces new characters, which will raise unconsistancies/questions about the Zero Saga (but they will be answered later!)Sky Saga is the ""epilogue"" of the Heaven saga and is personally my favorite so far. It ties everything up and even adds a ""new"" character.Love saga is a nice sort of ""spin-off"" and deals with love between the opposing sides. It's a nice read  overall and good if you read it between the 2 story heavy sagas (I managed to skip over it and into Zero the first time playing)I have yet to read/finish Steel and Light but both are ""epilogues"" of Zero saga and answer the inconsistancies of why characters appear in Heaven saga and not Zero.tl;dr It's well worth your money and time if you enjoy VNs and anime"
,Recommended,321190,19756541,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Gladiolus Amicitia,"Cho Dengeki Stryker is one of the best story experience that I have seen in a long while. It reminds me of why I love the medium of anime and manga, As an amatur writer and manga artist this has motivated me to work harder in the craft. One day I hope to write a great story as this! I would highly recommend this VN to any anime/ manga fan."
,Recommended,321190,32837444,Posted: 26 June,all,OmicronEXE,"Phenominally well done visual novel. The story was a little slow to get going, but it is easily one of the best VNs I've played. Highly recommended to anyone with an interest in the genre!"
