user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197968743117,Recommended,321270,17683760,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Radant,"*updated for patch 0.1.11*UNLOVED is shallow, but fun.Furthermore, the latest patch adds some more depth in the form of glove trinkets.POSTITIVES+ Weapons feel impactful and satisfying to use, including their alt-fire modes.+ Trinkets (loot) add replayability, and allow you to define your playstyle. (You can destroy three trinkets in order to craft a single trinket of a higher rank, similar to the Implant system if you've played Planetside 2)+ Developer appears to be listening to feedback and suggestions from playerbase.+ Atmosphere is dark and seedy. Plenty of shadow, grime and blood intermingled with macabre art and creepy furnature.+ Music is sorrowful and well composed.+ Challenges give some minor direction to the gameplay.+ Monsters are unnerving, and their movement can result in some nice jump-scares. Enemies have melee and ranged attacks, making combat a bit more varied.+ Simple to hop in game or quit, as the game saves your experience (Karma) points.+ Players can join your play session easily.NEUTRAL? Randomly generated levels make gameplay a little tense, but once you've seen a few rooms, you've pretty much seen them all.? Character customization is entirely unlocked based on progression, meaning you start with practically zero character options. (You can be the pencil pusher with the green tie, OR the pencil pusher with the grey tie!). You collect ""ink"" as you play, which you then spend to gamble for new color combinations. This is surprisingly enjoyable, go figure.? Minimap is functional, but pretty basic.? Character perks require some effort to unlock.? Items purposely take a brief moment to pick up, which borders between annoying and added tension.+ You can now equip Theif Gloves to accelerate picking up items by 10% per glove level.NEGATIVES- Weapon selection seems very limited as well as random. So far, I've discovered the pistol and the shotgun, and the latter is not always easy to find. You can find it almost immediately in one session, and take a long time to find it on the next.- Weapons are limited to just the pistol and shotgun so far.- Music selection is also limited and repetitive.- Only 4 enemy types at the moment.- Clipping and glitches with corpses. Mostly an aesthetic/immersion problem.- Multiplayer is unpolished and less rewarding than single player. Player movement appears warpy, and four identical characters with bad character-animations ruins some of the immersion.- In Multiplayer, other players can take all the items if they arrive first, and this includes ammo, weapons, upgrades and unlocks. When you die, your teammates can resurrect you, but the death-screen is so uninformative (splattered blood and a quit button) that you have no idea if your mates are anywhere close to your body.- Unoptimized. Performance can take a significant hit when plenty of corpses are nearby.Despite the negatives, I'm certainly enjoying UNLOVED so far. If you're looking for storytelling and structured gameplay, you'll likely be disappointed. But if you're in the mood for instant gratification bloodshed, this is a pretty satisfying choice.tl;dr...  Mindless and bloody, unpolished but enjoyable. Certainly an Early Access game that needs some work, but the gameplay is solid and there's enough incentive to explore as-is. Excited to see how it evolves.I will update this review as I discover more."
,Recommended,321270,25808664,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,White Phoenix,"Old school Doom-like controls and power-ups+ procedurally generated levels+ online co-op+ hordes of bad demons to kill= a bloody good time.11/10, developer. Very good stuff. :)"
76561198079774545,Recommended,321270,20553918,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,abugaj,"Ok, I don't usually take the time to write a review unless a game really grabs me either in a very negative or positve way. This game is very unique if I had to describe it I would say take some Doom fps gameplay mix in some Silent Hill inspired monsters, add some Spelunky and you have UNLOVED. First and foremost this game is still in Early Access so many more things are getting added and the dev is very receptive to the community which is always a good sign and he does frequent dev videos.  Another good sign is that this dev loves his game and you can tell by watching his vids and how he is polishing his game.Graphics: The graphics are gritty and have a very dark and disturbing feeling. If you have ever played Condemned then thats what you can expect. The game is dark but you have a flashlight that never runs out. The monsters look good enough while the animations are nothing ground breaking they get the job done but this games other strengths make you forget about the subpar animations.Sound: OMG this is one of the games biggest strengths. The ambient sounds are top notch and the guns also sound good. Every monster has a distinct sound and you had best learn them to know what is coming and how to deal with it.Gameplay: Ok this is why I love this game so much. This is not just a generic fps. Oh no this game is vastly different from fps that you have played. What makes it unique is that it has interesting mechanics. For example the spawning is determined by how much ammo and items you grab or how many doors you open. There are hidden items in the levels and they are different everytime you play which gives it that Spelunky feel. You can play a daily seed as well. While the layout of the levels is the same the location of the items are not. You have to beat the level to gain karma which you use to buy certain upgrades. I am not sure how to level up yet. I think it has to do with certain items you collect. You can pick up items in the levels to help you such as gun mods and totems. Gun mods give you certain upgrades but only for your current play session while totems give you special abilities like being able to see the monsters on your radar. You do get permanent upgrades called trinkets which you have to earn by beating levels.Difficulty: Yeah you are going to die in this game even on the easiest difficulty. There is no respawning, no reg health and once you die thats it permadeath ftw unless you play coop then your parter can revive you. The monsters can corner you very easily and the maps are tight so you won't have much room for error.Overall I highly recommend this game if you like challenging fps and rouge lights because its the best of both worlds. Right now there are only 2 maps but he is working on more and there is up to 4 player coop."
,Recommended,321270,32831349,Posted: 26 June,all,roa-kun,"Unloved is a hard-core shooter. Unloved is a meditative and suspensful experience.Unloved is a session of jolly co-operation. Unloved is an action-rpg with a time pause.You can tailor Unloved to be whichever you want, as long as its core stays.At its core, Unloved is a horror-themed FPS. One would think that those are poorly combinable genresLike, how it can be horror, when you have your trusty shotgun with you?But don't worry, this game doesn't care if you have a shotgun, or even a railgun — it will still manage to get you a couple of times. Unloved also shows that you can actually make a horror game to be a co-op experienceThat sudden realization that your friend has long wandered offThis game was originally a mod for Doom, with standalone version being made in Unreal Engine 4. Still, it shows its mod roots from time to time, and not necessarily in a pleasant way. Let's talk about setbacks first:The game features procedurally-generated locations, which is a nice feature in a context, but it also leads to samey looking environments.You have limited choice of weapons for a shooter. Pistol, SMP, Shotgun, Nailgun, Railgun and Kukri. This is compensated by weapon modifiers you gather and craft, but still.The only melee weapon you have, Kukri, is implemented as a gun with a very-very short range, which can be infuriating (but at least you don't have to ""reload"" it, like in some other game we all know)There is only one model available for players, which is bad for co-opat least with more than one friend.There are different color schemes available, though.Even though the game is now running on Unreal Engine 4, it has 2007-era visuals.We've also encountered possible problems of running Unreal Engine 4 games on NVIDIA drivers past version 378.66 (at least on some configurations)But Unloved definetly covers for it's shortcomes with gameplay.The basis of the game is super simple: to complete a level, you'll need to find 7 blood machines and fill them with your blood. After that, you need tosafelyreturn to the starting point and exit.Blood machines can be found in locked rooms. There are three types of locked rooms - red, blue and yellow. The machines spawn in yellow ones only.To open a yellow room, you need a yellow crest. Yellow crests can only be found inside blue rooms. Blue rooms require a blue crest, which can only be found in red rooms. A crest for the red rooms — yes, you'll need to find it somewhere first.So your quest looks simple, but it isn't a trivial task. First of all, levels are procedurally generated, so you don't know what's where. Secondly, the game is driven by something that can be called the Greed System.You start off with some minimal equipment of your choiceselected by trinkets you've equippedEverything else you'll have to find and scavenge from the level. There are also no enemies on the map. Initially. The thing is, every item you take, and every door you open stacks up points of ""greed"". When enough of these points stack up, an ominous message appears.This means that somewhere, a whole bunch of enemies has been spawned. And they are all looking for you now. That's when you start to regret opening one door too much, as they'll find and surround you pretty quick, if there are lots of open doors.And the greedier you are, the worse is your punishment. A regular message announcing trouble is orange. But if you're very greedy, it will be red. Red message means some really big and dangerous guys have been spawned. It doesn't stop at one wave either — you can get several messages in a row. So you can say that this game teaches you to be environmentally-friendly and conserve resources... or a very quick and skillful shooter.The irony here is that every trouble you'll run into you brought upon yourself. But if you succeed, you'll be able to improve your situation. You can use pick-ups from level to level up, change starting equipment, modify weapon damage, movement speed, health points and so on.Depending on game mode, your equipment and your behavior you can have a very busy-shooty, or a very thoughtful exploring experience. Let's talk about customization now.First of all, you control basic game difficulty. This affects both type and power of enemies you'll encounter, greed point threshold and quality of your rewards and pick-ups. You can also fine-tune the difficulty from within the game session — some actions spawn large enemies unconditially, like opening chests or taking weapon modifiersBut it is also a nice trade-off, as you can get some pretty bonuses, like enemies joining your side, or mad enemies which have a chance of fighting other monsters, etc.Secondly, you have game modes. These basically control the pace of the game:Standard mode, UltraViolence gives you a Doom-like pace.Arcade mode ramps the pace up to a shooting galore with much more enemy spawns and instant pick-ups.ClassicHorror provides much slower, explory pace, with an extended map and reduced amount of enemies. But the enemies themselves are also much stronger. This is a nice mode to get familiar with enemies and develop tactics for them, or for a chit-chat co-op session with your friends.HotMode makes your game similar to a tactical action-RPG. Time moves only when you move, so you have lot's of time to plan your actions. In return, enemy attacks are almost always bring instant death.There are also mutatorsor challenges, as they are called, which allow you to add extra spice to your game. There are 14 in total and they allow you to limit weapon types, enemy types, change enemy speed, induce quad damage, play in darkness without flashlights, etc.You can also change your environment. As levels are procedurally generated, you can change map size and map theme. There is also an option to create a location with multiple themeswhich I recommend, as it compensates for sameness a lotand option to play location generated by a daily seed.Finally, you can also change the map size, which basically controls game session length.And of course there's the co-op option. The game uses drop-in coop, so you can invite your friends or allow strangers to join any time. Unloved really shines in co-op. You should really look out for your partners, cover them, manage equipmentlike, who has the most powerful shotgun, railgun, etcand resourcesdon't forget, you can't all be greedy, which creates a pretty involving tactical experience. Team effort means a lot in this game, and you really feel like you're helping each other to survive in this mess.After a while, you also start to feel close and personal with your enemies, recognizing them by sound, knowing which weapons you should use for each, etc. Actually, sound design is done really well in Unloved. Music sets you into correct mood, weapons roar violentlyespecially the double-shot from a shotgun, and noises made by your enemies unsettle you and give a taste of things to come. As was mentioned earlier, sounds they make are really distinctive, so you'll listen carefully to your surroundings, to understand what enemies are around and where are they now.Overall, Unloved is a great FPS, with awesome gameplay which can be tailored just for your needs. It's sad to see it going unnoticed, as SteamSpy estimates its owners to approx. 17k at the time of the review.If you're looking for a hardcore shooter, or for a meningful co-op experience, or both, you should definetly try Unloved.P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
,Recommended,321270,25775840,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Rood Boi,"As far as mindless shoot em up games go, this is one of the more polished ones. The biggest concern with this genre is creating a system were replayibility is rewarded, and I can definitely say that this game has done an exceptional job. It's trinket system, or the loot, carry on each time you start over, and there will be a lot of that. You will die. Even on the easiest difficulty, the game adapts to your skill and will be challening no matter how good you are, or how good you become. Unlike the Early Access, you now also have a wider range of guns to pick from, each with a fantastic alt mode, and weapon mods which can change the weapon drastically. But the shotgun is still the best, which is incredible in a game world were shotguns usually suck. If you want to see what the game looks like before buying it, feel free to check out my video!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oP51s5TOG10&index=1&list=PLKMxTuqznyPOQvv82mv_H5VWHkn8QUqgt"
,Recommended,321270,30282221,Posted: 2 March,all,bluntman420,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! It's  terrifying and fun. Very worth the price it's listed at. Nice community for the most part. It's also very hard and you will die, but don't get discouraged! Never give up! Never surrender!"
,Recommended,321270,28258310,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,potterman28wxcv,"This is one of the games out there that are worth checking out.UNLOVED is developed by a single dude (most likely during his free time), and it's basically a fast-paced cooperative FPS.Like Doom, you need to find the red/blue/yellow key - then your goal is to go in yellow room, activate the ""blood machines"" and get out of here alive.It sounds simple. Except that everytime you interact with an item (picking ammo, picking health, opening door..), it increases what the community call ""heat"". The more ""heat"" there is, the more probability you have of monsters to spawn.. So it's a game where survival and ammo management is key (the less you consume, the less monsters will spawn indirectly).About content, there's little to none. The progression is very grindy.. But the game mechanics are interesting enough to keep you going through the grind. Just a shame that barely nothing is explained in-game. But on the other hand, it feels good to play a game that doesn't hold your hand.Usually I hate all kind of grindy games. But here, the more you play, and the more you appreciate the game because you learn how to handle the threats. You not only get better with XP, but you also get better with the way you play the game.I spent 100 hours on it, and for a game with this limited amount of content, i'd say it's pretty good :)"
76561198006660498,Not Recommended,321270,26087263,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Finalgenesis,"The basic game premise is decent and fairly addictive, on which you can read up on via other reviews.I'm here to tell of the problems, which pile frustration onto an otherwise enjoyable game.- Depending on your luck, you may get 3-5 second spikes even in solo game or irrespective of if you're the host and unrelated to performance. On high difficulty this makes it unplayable. This has nothing to do with performance and it doesn't matter if you set every graphic from lowest + 800x600 to highest setting + resolution, either you have it or you don't. This is the first luck check you have to pass to play this game with some enjoyment instead of extreme frustration. I'm one of the unlucky ones and higher difficulty (to farm the best equipment) is barred to me because of this.- The multiplay lobby feature is terrible. It has no ping or even location information for you to approximate, which makes or breaks a game on which reflex is important especially on harder difficulties. Basically you'll waste time jumping into and out of game to find a game with good ping. This combined with an already low game count makes multiplayer even deader, now where you can count open games on 1 hand most of the time. The best thing you can say about multiplayer is that it exist.- The lag stutter of old has been improved in recent 1.01 patch, which has been replaced with the new super saiyan 2 rubberbanding. Suddenly find that you can't interact with objects? Congratulations your real body is back there snagged onto a corner somewhere, wait 5-15 seconds and hopefully teleport back to your real body, which is now dead by the way."
76561198175178995,Recommended,321270,29960935,Posted: 16 February,all,Randpage,"Well after 145+ hours I guess it's time to write a review. I picked up this game on impulse for $7.99, thought it would be fun to mess around with a friend of mine in co-op. Somehow that turned into several months of addiction. The game has decent graphics for being an indi devoloped game (it runs on unreal engine 4), music is fitting and doesn't get annoying. One thing to note is the performance can be a bit jumpy, especially in online co-op, I can see 155 fps one second and 45 the next, but overall doesn't hurt playability in my opinion. The maps are procedurally generated each time you play and are random.The enemy spawns are dictated by your item pick ups which makes for some intense sitiuations. If you're low on ammo, do you grab that box of pistol ammo and risk some high level spawns or try to melee to save ammo? After each game you are awarded currency called ""karma"". You spend karm leveling up your gear, called ""trinkets"". The addiction comes from once you start being able to hunt for demon chests which have the random high level trinkets in them that make your character very powerful. It's a bit like Diablo in that regard.The game also has a small dedicated community that are awesome to play with and willing to help new players get into the game. After  a while single player gets boring but co-op is where the fun is! Just be prepared to die a lot, the game is pretty unforgiving on the higher dfifficulties. The games creator, Blue actively reads the forums and continues to take suggestions on ways to improve the game with future updates. Overall, I highly recomend Unloved if you like fast paced FPS's. Special shout out to Zod, sobored3440, Moki, Linkowiezi, JIm, Godsdoomer, and tendersurrender. Playing with those guys is a blast, don't hesistate to jump into one of their games if you see them!"
,Recommended,321270,30716480,Posted: 24 March,all,Grid,"Very fun. I hate the grungy horror art themes usually and this game is generally pretty ugly- but as you play, it fits. And unlike most games these days, gameplay is king.Online games are a little rough in terms of latency at times, and singleplayer becomes difficult quickly beyond the lowest challenge, requiring more players... And thus, a trade-off.... But the online is miraculous.It's no secret that this is a full game based on the creators Doom mod, Unloved.http://www.moddb.com/games/doom/addons/unlovedSo it should come as no surprise to me how this plays... But in the landscape of coop games that are formed around mechanics that require you to be nearby your allies at all times, or other limiting tethers- this simplicity and brutality is a supreme breath of fresh air, and a throwback that feels a little nostalgic. It reminds me of a time when my best gaming machine was a Gamecube, and my PC was a an Emachines from the Win '98 era 'upgraded' to Win 2000 (it's actually a decent OS- it was WinME that was god awful) ....It could run Diablo, D2, Dungeon Siege...And miraculously, GTA III (if you enjoy playing games in super slomo. Actually great for 6 star rampages!) Quake.... And little else that I could get my hands on or wanted at the time... So, to sate my desires for the most recent, ultra visceral shooters of the era; or then-novel and sleak military experiences? I played Doom/Doom II. Modded to the point that it's own mother wouldn't have recognised it. Skulltag allowed me to play the Zdoom source port online- and the picture I am going to paint for you with my fingies is the reason I mention this whole thing.Imagine hopping onto a completely fan-supported server list for a completely fan-made engine-update of the grandaddy of all shooters.The whole thing, game included, feels slightly archaic, and therefore incredibly fascinating and mysterious. You're already hooked the moment that Zdoom launches and the console pops up, showing that you ARE indeed loading into a server. It's as though you teleported to '93 and managed to tap into an old modem game. You're a time traveler- and what's more, you see other unique screen-names. Other people doing the exact same. The game? Doom. The difficulty? Nightmare, or in this servers case- more like Nightmare's abusive father, cranking his big♥♥♥♥♥♥in his masturbatin' hand while toting a spiked bat in the other, running at you, and screaming ""I DON'T WANT TO BUT I HAVE TO"" just to ♥♥♥♥ with you. And he's on PCP. And he's covered in cocaine. (This means it was really hard) ... Enemies move super fast, and even the weakest foes dock your HP down to nothing in a few hits... In Nightmare difficulty, enemies would respawn at their fixed locations, making backtracking in a map a difficulty. This made the necessity to move and shoot very real. This meant you couldn't clear the entire map, you had to drop your completionist attitude if you had one, and cut losses. Skipping secrets, grabbing the necessities, skipping out on kills and keeping yourself strafe running until your fingers were numb. A speedrunners delight.In Nightmare difficulty, you're not the big bad Doom Marine... You're the DoomSurvivor. You're running for your life, making every shot count, because eventually- if you don't nab all 3 keys in most levels and book it to the exit? You're plant food.So, imagine my excitement, and awe, and wonder, at ALL of these mechanics within a game from 1993, the first REALLY immersive FPS... and I'm experiencing them with others who still like to play the grandaddy of them all. There I was, sprinting down a hallway to grab up the shotgun, simply to have a fighting chance against the horde of screeches and grunts hurling fireballs and firing off shotgun blasts in the direction of my blur, (Max speed in Doom is ~55mph. ♥♥♥♥ yeah)  Tripping over numerous corpses of my past attempts... Dying and immediately respawning... And the moment i nab a shotty, another player in this 6+ player server reveals himself... Endlessly firing off his chaingun and shredding the very demons I was running from. He has 2 of the 3 keys necessary to get us the ♥♥♥♥ out of there- and he's backtracking to open one of the locked doors to grab a third. I instantly latch on- and we become a crew of shotgun blasts and minigun spray, hosing down the hallway as a unit until we reach the door.That's the beauty. There were 4 other guys in the map with us all carving out their progress in nabbing the keys. Since all enemies and weapons reset, and this server allowed us to keep our keys on death- every push into the breach was progress very much akin to a roguelike, or a Souls game. The psychology is THERE. We didn't have to help one another, but when we did,♥♥♥♥♥♥got done. The simple games ruleset didn't LIMIT us AT all for playing through the game our own way... And it then made the scope of the game seem so much grander. The game isn't holding our hands and telling us to all stick together- there's other Marines out there I don't even know about, but we're talking, we're coordinating. It felt insane.Doom played this way predates L4D and is STILL much more fun in many ways.This is exactly what Unloved is like.And I haven't even covered the specifics. I will be brief(ish) now.I never played the Unloved Doom mod, oddly enough. But it's clear that the core of the game has survival-horror elements that change up Dooms thrash-metal atmosphere. I will simply cover what this current game offers.-The classic feeling of Coop Skulltag with a new (ugly, but very fitting) 3D coat of paint-Roguelike elements, grabbing upgrades for guns that don't carry over and are not the same every playthrough-Action RPG elements in the form of trinkets, which ARE persistent, upgradable pieces of GEAR to help player growth-Survival Horror elements, darkness, flashlights, scary and irratic enemies...It should be noted here that the default game mode has timers to grab and pick stuff up, to add to tension much like a survival horror game. You can opt to turn this off and play it nearly as fast/as simple as Doom. I love both flavors. There's a full on Survival Horror mode as well, and a lot of nifty modifiers like Super Hot mode. If you know what Super Hot is, you know that's pretty rad.Also, the combination of ""rogue-like"" item modifiers in each gameplay, AND persistent loot, is something I've wanted to do for a long long time in a similar style of game, if I had the same chops at making mods, and then games, as Paul Schneider here does. It's great for player satisfaction. The hunger to play for a different mix of upgrades, alongside the long-term desire to keep growing and becoming forever stronger against the ceaseless nightmares. -That alone makes this game ♥♥♥♥ing tubular, dudes.But there's much more- challenge modes that also reward you a currency that in turn helps to upgrade yet MORE long term gear and stats. Again, the layering of these elements is KEY, something I've always desired in a simple game you can spend 30 mins playing a day, or several hours jamming with buddies... And it needs to be expanded upon.Lastly, it's 10 bucks even when it's not on sale.This game isn't a steak. It's a simple, delicious and cheap burger for your enjoyment. It may be a lil sloppy and greasy, but you're full of♥♥♥♥♥♥if you say you don't like that every so often.I'd rather that than an overpriced, overhyped steakhouse steak that ends up not being juicy enough, too tough, and the side of mashed taters/broccoli/whatever/hookermeat costs extra even though the menu clearly shows it already on the ♥♥♥♥ing plate. And then the waiters all like ""AWW NO THE COOK HAD TO LEAVE THAT OUT FOR YOU TO PAY FOR IF YOU WANT- HE'S GOT MOUTHS TO FEED."" - Modern games.Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10."
76561198300317853,Recommended,321270,30644818,Posted: 20 March,all,dayman7fury7,"I credit the developer with listening to the rage from the horror gaming community and creating something that is deeply frightening and immersive, a gritty teeth grinder that is so unsettling from the moment that you start walking through the one of the many nightmarish environments.Each environment is randomized and shifts as you move around the map. The settings have their own unique, twisted stories within the meticulously designed details. Gloom floats like a heavy presence, watching everything you do and intensifying with every passing moment. You can hear the ghastly taunts coming from the demons before you can see them approacing from the next room over or waiting behind the doors, and each sound unique to their characters.The gameplay varies by the impressive selection of game modes, challenges, and difficulty, of which there are enough to guarantee each playthough to be unique and gives players the ability choose the kind of expirience they have. The achievement system gives players a generous amount of incentives to collect items that can be used to upgrade their character's appearance and weapon's abilities, and to unlock notes that convey the eerie backstory. UNLOVED offers so much replayability, which is an amazing feat for being a rogue-like.The vibes you encounter in UNLOVED can be described to be just as dread-inducing as...dare I say it...Silent Hill, but experienced through first-person point-of-view, and with an arsenal of quirky weapons that can be found throughout the map to battle the unholy horde of terrifyingly grotesque blood-thirsty beings. The enemies move in an unnatural way and can often lead to some unexpected scares while moving through the dimly-lit environment. The thrills are just as present playing solo as it is playing with friends.The developer actively listens to the community, and especially with the latest update, has went beyond my expectations of what I thought I was wanting in a horrror game, and in doing so, has created a masterpiece.UNLOVED is the ultimate indie horror game experience, a marvel in the wake of a new world feverishly in need of a meaningful thrill to sink between the teeth that invites players to a sinister challenge of survival in a hellish frenzy."
,Recommended,321270,25837784,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Equinox💕,"RNG Maps every time.Has Totems, Ink Bottles and pictures (unlockables) in random places on every map.Totems give you a perk and can be upgraded with fragments, you can also destroy totems you don't want for fragments.The higher level totems you unlock and craft that have been equiped, the higher your level will be. Each slot lets you have a different type of totem like Armor weapons etc.Ink Bottles let you roll for a random color scheme, I believe there are 200 possible color schemes. There are no waves, but when you unlock more areas a new spawn appears.There is a Karma system, you earn karma for completing maps. Karma is spent along with fragments to upgrade totems. If you play on the highest difficulty you can get a karma streak for finishing maps in a row without dying. The higher the difficulty the more karma you recieve.The game is awesome and I recommend it.This game is graphic demanding and looks very nice."
76561198065526879,Recommended,321270,18037458,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Godsdoomer,This game is a ton of fun even at such an early stage of development. I highely recommend this game for anyone interested in horror or fast-paced shooters.It only has the potential to get better from this point onward.
76561198169311898,Recommended,321270,17736660,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,The Fragnostic,"I am a firm believer that the quality of an FPS is directly tied to the quality of its shotgun. Unloved gets itself off to the best possible start by recognising that there are few greater joys to be found in gaming than blasting some undead ♥♥♥♥♥tain halfway across the map and makes the gun that is YOURS BY RIGHT easily accessible for all the brain confetti production you need.There's not much I can legitimately complain about here. The spawning system is great but needs a tweak here and there. A couple of times, I've had revenant and tank types drop out of thin air behind me while I'm waiting for the item pickup timer. That needs to go, honestly. The rest of the game is so fast that it feels like stuttered buffering.Minor ♥♥♥♥♥ing aside, Unloved is an intense, bloody, lightning fast pleasure to play even in these early stages. With far more to come, this could very well end up being one of the best horror shooters on Steam.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWqE6IKU0Xo"
76561198280699539,Recommended,321270,25826562,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Datora,"Rogue-like horror FPS, with wepon upgrades, random levels, random loot and lots of character upgrades depending of your playstyle."
76561198086866124,Recommended,321270,31085609,Posted: 11 April,all,Palmer Deadbeat,"Love love love your game! A couple suggestions.1. Maybe add unlockable skins for weapons? Just for a little personality.2. Different variants on weapons? Like another type of shotgun, submachine, pistol, ect.(Or even some new weapons would be nice)3. A couple new maps. Its great that you made it all random so the current maps don't get stale. Still some more diversity would be awesome! Overgrown cemetery closed off by gates? Or anything that comes to your mind really.4. Last a little more character customization, maybe some new headgear to unlock? A female character, clothes, ect.I would gladly even pay a little more money if you wanted to put together a pack that has some of those features. But don't just add micro transactions where we can buy a weapon skin. I'd rather unlock everything through playing. I have no problem throwing a little more money to a game I really enjoy. This is one of the hidden gems that is just great. For any thinking of picking this game up. Don't even think about it. Just do it! Couldn't be more happy with my money spent."
,Recommended,321270,23419556,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,DudeDesigns,"UNLOVED started as a Doom wad that was heavy on atmosphere. What it has evolved into, is something pretty awesome.In Unloved, you and a group of up to 3 friends scout out randomly generated locations for 7 blood machines. Once you find these machines, you need to fill them with your aids-infected blood and escape to keep the demons at bay.While you are doing this, a variety of monsters attempt to eat you skull. While the designs aren't anything to boast about, their behaviour is more or less akin to the doom cast of monsters. Keeping the monster variants to a minimum helps keep the claustrophobic and easily filled hallways easier to naivagate. Unlike Doom, however, almost every monster throws a projectile, with only one monster dedicated to hitscan.4 weapons exist right now, and those are the Pistol, the Silenced Machine Pistol, Super Shotgun, and Nailgun. These all function as they are supposed to, however, I feel the SMP is rather under powered. It has the fastest fire rate, but you'll find yourself putting clips upon clips into some of the tougher monsters on the lower difficulties, and literally bleeding your full reserves dry to even dent a higher monsters health on the harder difficulties. The Nailgun is the first ""heavy"" weapon. It's primary fire shoots nails that pierce multiple enemies. It's secondary fire shoots a grenade that is charged by the amount of kills you have made with the Nailgun. The Nailgun doesn't seem to appear on Small sized maps, even though ammunition appears for it on said sized maps.Collectibles are scattered around the maps in the form of ink bottles which let you unlock new color schemes, photos which let you unlock pages of the journal, silver keys, which let you open locked totem boxes which give you random power ups, and finally, weapon mods, which boost your weapons for your current playthrough.While bare bones and in Early Acces, Unloved is easily a frantic and enjoyable co-op horror shooter. There's enough content here right now in my opinion to warrant a 15 dollar price tag. There is a game mode called Twisted, which randomizes every room to be from each of the 3 themes if you really wany infinite replayability."
,Recommended,321270,25784847,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"UNLOVED is a first-person shooter game that is based off of the original Doom 2 mod of the same name. This re-imagining is brought to us by the same creator of the aforementioned, Paul Schneider. The title spent roughly a year in Early Access before finally being given its full release on September 29, 2016. Fair warning: As with the original mod, this game is HARD; it is not for the casual FPS player. If a challenge is not what you seek, then this title is not for you.By now, there are numerous players who are more advanced and adapted to this title than I am. Admittedly, I did not support UNLOVED during its Early Access phase (boo, me, boo), although I was tempted on several occasions; I did, however, watch its progress closely as I'm in love with both Doom and copious amounts of gore. That is one thing that this FPS has a lot of... gore, even though it seems to be dialed back in-game from the screenshots presented on the store page. The blood doesn't seem to pool or splatter like it's suggested in the screenshots, but it does go flying everywhere when you shoot an enemy.There's a lot of good to say about UNLOVED, and it's a map-based FPS that has a lot of replay potential. There are currently 4 maps to play on (Apartments, Clinic, Basement, and Town) with 4 different area settings to pick from (small, medium, large, and huge). If you get bored with the standard maps, you can choose the ""Twisted"" option which stitches together pieces of each map into one. The maps can also be either randomly generated, or you can have the same layout repeat for 24 hours by clicking the ""Daily Seed"" box. There are 5 difficulty modes ranging from hard to downright impossible, all which are designed for specific player levels. Additionally, there are 4 game modes to try out; the standard Ultra-Violence mode, Classic Horror for survival lovers, Arcade Style to increase the already fast-paced nature of the game, and HOT Mode which makes the game more like SuperHOT. Obviously as you can tell, there is a staggering amount of variety and customization options at your fingertips.With all that being said, the gameplay at its very core still resembles Doom. Starting off with a pistol and some ammo, you must find the Blood (red), Moon (blue), and Sun (yellow) Crests in order to advance through the map. Once you reach the yellow Sun Crest rooms, your goal is to donate blood to 7 machines and then return back to the elevator (starting point). You will also find collectibles, which are further explained below, guns, ammo, armor, weapon mods, and silver keys to open trinket boxes. Weapon mods only last for your current run and they're randomized, trinkets on the other hand are collected for later use. There's an excellent build up from the start to finish of every run, with monsters trickling in and slowly becoming waves of monstrous hordes by the time you reach the end goal; it really is bloodlust adrenaline rush.There are also many unlockables to aim towards unveiling. While in the game, you can pick up ink bottles to unlock new color patterns for your character, and photographs to reveal new pieces of the story to UNLOVED; which is told through diary pages in the ""unlockables"" menu. Ink bottles can also be broken up in to fragments, which can then be used to unlock more trinkets. Collecting 4 card pieces in a single game also crafts a new trinket. Trinkets are magical items with stats that can be used to further customize your gameplay style and experience. During each run you will have two personal objectives, such as doing X amount of damage with X weapon or killing X amount of X enemies. Achieving these goals rewards karma, which can be used to further build up your player profile.The game uses the Unreal 4 engine; no shoddy FPS Creator or Unity here. In my experience, running all settings on Epic, the game ran smoothly between 130-144Hz on my 144Hz 1080p monitor; the rest of my specs are in my profile. However, for some reason my CPU, even with water cooling, shot up to 75C which is about 10 degrees higher than anything except Prime95 has pushed it; so I do believe that there is definitely something wrong with the code somewhere to cause that, especially since my GPU ran at a cool 45C. The multiplayer portion of the game was a bit laggy, but that could also depend on who you're connected to; unfortunately, the lobbies do not have PING indicators.There are only a few of things that I can think of that would improve UNLOVED beyond the spectacular, carnage-soaked game that it already is. For one, the HUD to me looks messy, cluttered, and confusing. There are undoubtedly better ways to lay the design out that are not only more pleasing to the eye, but more practical. Another other thing is that some of the assets and effects in the Clinic level closely resembles those from The Final Take and other low budget horror titles; with the hazy red over-glow and the stock checkerboard flooring. This could use a bit of a makeover. Also, it would be nice if the developer, or Unreal, would fix the lack of blood in the game, as it's nowhere near as dramatic as what is shown in the screenshots on the store page. Lastly, the Cutter Demons could be redone, as I've seen them in at least 3 other indie horror games.As you can tell, there is a lot to UNLOVED; the developer should be extremely proud of himself for creating such an outstanding map-based FPS alone. There's a dark, gritty, thick anxiety-ridden atmosphere that grips the player and refuses to let them go until the bitter end. The game has enough customization options, both in-game and player specific, to keep one interested for a long time to come; it'll take hours just to uncover the story. Perhaps later we will see DLC for new map packs, which would throw in a nice amount of visual variety. I do hope that in the near future, the blood issues can be corrected. The demons of Hell have awoke with one sole purpose, to end your existence. Are you ready to feel utterly alone and UNLOVED?Rating:5.0/5.0- An astonishing achievement, this game must be played.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,321270,25818774,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Scrunchie,"This game has a massive amount of potential. The abstract horror theme and rouge-like elements along with an old school style of FPS gameplay are oddly complemetary in this game, and is exactly what I've personally been looking for. However this game needs polish. MASSIVE amounts of polish. Monsters, level variety, and weapon selection all need to be greatly expanded. Additionally the UI and enemy animations need a major overhaul. The leveling and ""trinket"" system are rather confusing at first and could use some work. As I said this game has a massive amount of potential. It just requires a little more TLC to become a very solid horror-fps. At the moment I hesitantly recommend the game to anyone interested as long as they are aware of the lack of polish in the game."
76561198087077872,Not Recommended,321270,25805170,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pappagiorgio,"Very misleading pics like some other reviewers have stated, it doesn't play and feel like you would expect and it's sold as, like a badass, updated, re-imagined version of a gory Doom mod. I was hyped for this game ever since I came across it here on Steam a few months ago. I never played the Doom 2 mod of the same name, but I've played Brutal Doom and countless other Doom mods, so I was pumped from the beginning. Boy, what a disappointment! Ever since I started PC gaming decades ago, I've always loved mods, ever since the Doom, Quake and later UT and Half-Life days, and horror mods have been my favorite. And one of my absolute favorites always has been Eternal Damnation, a mod for Postal 2, when I saw screens of UNLOVED it reminded me of the first level in that game so it instantly grabbed my attention for this reason also.But this is not a mod of any game, this is a full blown release, and yet it's one that feels like a very amateurish mod throughout, from the graphics to the out-of-place music that sounds more like something straight out of one of those Max Payne 3 levels set in Brazil. Doesn't look like a UE4 game to begin with, this is the first UE4 based game that doesn't look like an UE4 game at all. The animations and a.i. are terrible, ridiculously and laughingly bad, it breaks the immersion that doesn't exist to begin with. Enemies run so quickly at some point that they seem to teletransport right in front of your eyes. Performance is terrible too, I've played other UE4 games that look way better than this and play much better, the most egregious thing is that this game doesn't display much to begin with, it's super dark and textures look like♥♥♥♥♥ so there's no reason why older engines couldn't have been used instead. Some of the enemy designs are decent tho, especially those of larger enemies, some of them remind me a lil bit of Silent Hill like the nurses, but they're not necessarily scary. I have felt scares and spooks watching old episodes and reruns of Are You Afraid of the Dark? and Goosebumps, or reading the R.L. Stein books and those were aimed at kids. There's nothing scary or spooky about this game, nor is there any fun to be had, it's a total derivative, uninspired snoozefest.To be honest, I actually feel embarrassed playing this on this day and age, especially after having payed for it, and with such an advanced engine advertised. It would have been acceptable more than 10 years ago, for free, as a mod. I could have said it has potential, there's something to work on, but more needs to be done; All around it just feels like a stripped, bare-bones, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at a rogue-like, procedurally generated Painkiller or Killing Floor-esque game, and one that's in alpha-stage. And that coming from someone who's not into the likes of Killing Floor to begin with, I have my issues with that game, might give it second chance after trying this mess or might invest more time on something like No More Room in Hell, which is free.I do not recommend this game at all, even on a hefty sale. There are many decent free mods and and horror games out there, ones that actually provide scares and any sense of horror and excitement. UNLOVED, UNWANTED, REFUNDED!"
76561198092185746,Recommended,321270,29872771,Posted: 12 February,all,Sobored13440,"I was hooked for the first time I played. I bought it to play with a friend and didn't think much of it to start. It's much deeper in gameplay and story than it appears. The maps take heavy inspiration from the Silent Hill series. The small community of people is wonderful. All the higher level players have been more than accepting of lower level players joining thier games and helping them gain levels or knowledge of the game.Game is best played in ""muliplayer"", which is just 4 person open lobbies. With that said, that will usually get you killed by people lag spawning into the game while you're in a fire fight. The developer has mentioned a fix for that in the next patch (THANK-YOU!). If your lucky, you can even play a few games with people from the development team!Thanks for the wonderful games in the past and future; Randpage, Zod, Jim, Tender, Link, Dopefish, and a few other. It's a small but wonderful community."
76561197971212021,Recommended,321270,17678835,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Touchdown,"As a huge fan of the original Unloved (DOOM II mapset) I've been waiting to get my hands on this one.It's important to note that although the tone and atmosphere of the game is reminiscent of the DOOM version, it comes with a couple of changes. The 'game' version of Unloved ventures into more roguelike territories, introducing randomly generated levels, customization and character development of sorts. The Binding of Isaac inspiration is evident (and fitting).In the game you enter a 'dungeon' of your choice (though only Apartment is available in the current version) and try to survive the horrors that lurk within in hope of finding a way out of the madness. Beware as there's a price for escaping the nightmare. You collect various weapons and upgrades but also more elusive items such as Photos (which unlock pieces of backstories for characters) and Cards pieces (gathering all of them grants an additional Trinket). Upon completing a level you are awarded with Trinkets, character upgrades that will help you survive in more dangerous areas and on higher difficulty levels. You also collect Karma for completing bonus objectives (though currently there's no use for it other than unlocking a Trinket slot).The gameplay is a solid basis, focusing on fast and brutal shooter experience. Randomness of each level makes sure you will never know what to expect but it also comes with tradeoffs - it's no longer the carefully crafted progression of the Unloved mapset. Balance is also debatable - while playing on Sliver of Mercy and No Hope is fun / hardfun, Kill'em All pits you against an insane amounts of monsters. Playing alone is very difficult (and slow). You will often find yourself swarmed by relentless hordes of demons and it takes away some of the fun. You're forced to hold your ground for extended periods of time hoping there's enough ammo and health pickups to keep you alive. In addition, the game will happily feed you to the strongest beasts right off the bat. There's definitively a room for improvement here.Keep in mind though that higher difficulty settings are meant for players of a higher level (determined by Trinkets). In other words: start on Sliver of Mercy.When you return, you can manage your character, select Trinkets you wish to use in the future and try to uncover details of mysterious notes in your possession. You can also spent Ink Bottles found within levels to get new color variations for your avatar, if such customization is your thing.A word of a warning though. Much like the original mapset, this game hates your guts. It will not try to make you feel nice and cozy. It will rip out your heart, crush it with a sledgehammer and feed it to the wolves (or whatever lurks in the dark apartment halls). Be aware of that before you enter its unforgiving world.As a SP-only gamer, I would love to see some kind of a campaign down the road though it looks like currently the game will expand primarily through its roguelike elements.Overally it is promising. It's a good start and with more content it's bound to get a whole lot better and interesting."
,Recommended,321270,20943351,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,RAIZO,"The lovechild of Doom and Silent Hill!!Easily one of the best Early Access FPS horror games that nobody knows about.  It's true, there virtually are no peeps playing multiplayer UNLOVED anymore.  No worries though cause there's plenty of fun to be had by yourself.Currently there are only 2 maps - Apartments and Clinic - but the look of the monsters and the 'feel' of the rooms therein have a very Silent Hill vibe and even on the easier difficulty setting (from 'Sliver of Mercy' up to 'Beast Mode') the action is intense and you can easily kill upwards of 175 enemies per try.  To go with the small number of maps there are also only 3 firearms available (handgun, shotgun and SMP) + a knife for melee. Thankfully the weapon mods that you can find throughout each map add anything from increased damage to reload speed or spread, etc. making for a unique and varied experience to go along with the randomly generated layout of the maps for each playthrough. There are also locked boxes that contain totem items that will add attributes such as faster reload speed or an armor/health boost, etc.To further keep things interesting and add replay value are trinkets that you can acquire by collecting 3 pieces of a card and/or successfully completing a map (I think). These trinkets will last forever and can be changed out from the main menu. There are numerous trinket slots and unlocking these slots and equipping trinkets is how you level your character up. The trinkets themselves act like the totems/weapon mods as they can allow you so start with a certain weapon, have increased movement speed, armor, or even an increase in the amount of ammo you can carry at any one time among many other things.  There are even ink bottles to collect that allow you to acquire new color schemes for your character - no microtransaction BS here, just collectible items that serve a purpose without you having to pay for the outcome.All in all, UNLOVED is a unique shooter with bloody, intense and atmospheric gameplay that shouldn't be overlooked.  It will be interesting to see what additional content is added in the future. Now if we could just get more peeps playing the game....P.S. there are also photos to collect that will allow you to unlock journal entries and such to add to the backstory of the game"
76561198028319718,Recommended,321270,20110199,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nintolerance,"Enjoyable, looks good and sounds great. Still got a long way to go, however.Pros+ Nice visual design, different touches depending on the type of level you pick.+ Weapons feel like they have some punch, and the ALT fire is handy.+ Enemy designs are just a tad messed up and help set the atmosphere, alongside their sound effects.Cons- Character customisation's a little barebones so far, it seems.- Only three weapons (so far)- Only a handful of enemy types (so far)- Only two different locations (so far)Get on board if you can afford it, it's a great way to kill a couple hours even as-is and shows potential to just get better."
76561198314420676,Recommended,321270,31899272,Posted: 22 May,all,Gneighthn,"People keep comparing this to Doom, and I know it was originally a Doom II mod, but this feels to me more like Quake. It's pretty good, the proc-gen levels are fun, monsters creepy, got me with a few jump scares. Only 5 weapons so thats lame, and the graphics are quite terrible given this was made with UE4. The EFFECTS are nice, like the blood, lighting etc, but it all hides some pretty lazy models and textures. It tries too hard to be scary, but its some good retro FPS fun. Get it if you liked Doom, Quake, et al. Don't get it if you wanna see what Unreal Engine 4 can do, lmfao"
,Recommended,321270,26621623,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Art the Oi,A great simple little shooter. The developer is active within the community. Progression fer days. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,321270,22278886,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Amaterasu's Bitch,"This game takes on a rogue-like style of gameplay.  The maps will be slightly different, and you'll be fighting off against various deranged horrors of monsters.  You'll be locked in a near constant struggle for your life, your trinkets, and your own sanity.  You have to search the environment for ammo, health, and armor.  There are quite a few mechanics to this for a game that has roots to shooters from 1993-1995.My personal opinions are mixed about this.  Part of me prefers the days of when this game was just a little mod on Doom.  But part of me enjoys the possibility of rogue-like elements, where no matter what, your environment will always be slightly different each playthrough.  Overall, there is a lot of potential for this game.  Its not quite there yet, but with a little push and shove, I think it could really go places and shed a little more light on horror-type shooters.--UPDATE 1:  The addition of the Nailgun is a welcome sight if you're desperate for crowd control on higher difficulties.  It won't power miracles, but it sure as hell will make the job easier.  Its altfire is also good for taking down the bigger & more burly monsters.  Witches & Rotten variants especially.UPDATE 2:  Ramping up the difficulty further, I made my first encounters with the Rotten.  The end results leave my mind in a questionable mentality.  If you encounter the Rotten, and don't have sufficient Ammo...  then run.  Run as fast as you can.UPDATE 3:  After many deaths, toils, & trinkets, I finally succeeded for the first time on Beast Mode, & obtained my first demon chest.  The reward is glorious.UPDATE 4:  The Town has come into this unearthly dimension.  And its proof that not even the outdoors are safe.  No, really.  Its probably the hardest mapset out there.  You must watch all directions at all time.  Even up & down.  If not, you will be ♥♥♥♥ed seven ways till sunday...  or something like that."
76561197976658668,Recommended,321270,23212673,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ryoshenron,"This game is like a cross between Doom, Silent Hill, and The Binding of Isaac - it has fun, challenging, fast-paced and slick FPS combat similar to the classic Doom games; it has creepy monsters and atmosphere that remind me of Silent Hill; and on top of all that, it has rogue-like and randomization elements with equippable buffs that you find in the levels, similar to TBOI. It's really fun to play in coop multiplayer, and I look forward to how the game will change in the future."
,Recommended,321270,23211386,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,thainen,"This is how you revive the gameplay of a game made 20 years ago without going into the pixelated nostalgia mode. This is the 2016 version of Doom 2 done right. Forget covers and regeneration: here you strafe, dodge fireballs and put down monsters who look differently, but play just like our old friends like Zombieman, Imp, Mancubus, Archvile. There are several novelties that enhance the gameplay without ruining it, like a system of long-term upgrades, weapon mods and, my favorite, some enemies' ability to dash right into your face in the true horror B-movie style. There's also a game mode that borrows the core mechanic from SuperHOT: everything is in slow motion unless you are moving. The game supports both single player and convenient drop-in/drop-out coop for up to 4 players. Though still in early access, it is already 100% playable and can deliver tens of hours of fun before starting to bore you. It is regulary updated, too, so by that time there would probably be something new to play with.Overall, Unloved is a perfect mix of ""creepy"" and ""fun"", ""old"" and ""new"", good for both nostalgic old doomers and fresh newcomers."
76561197984093807,Recommended,321270,23197512,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Skarwind,Quite fun. Looks like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥but the gameplay more than makes up for it. Can't wait to play more of it.
,Recommended,321270,20701219,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Machete,"A very good, creepy and low cost game, with a constant update and regular new stuff, the developers are participatives, really worth a buy!Thanks devs for the amazing game for such a low cost!"
,Recommended,321270,26008769,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,wildbilldonovan,"If you love fast paced shooters, horror, and replayability, UNLOVED will satisfy.UNLOVED is an addictive first-person shooter which you can play solo or with your friends. Experience the thrill of obtaining that trinket you needed to boost your character, satisfaction after gaining karma from a round with good teamwork, and heartbreak when a rotten clown kills you after you've found and opened a rare demon chest.With procedural maps, four different areas, and a twisted option to mix the four areas together, the game's atmosphere remains fresh even after countless plays. Tinker with your trinkets to customize your character's unique build and find your favorite playstyle. Kill enemies with the pistol, shotgun, silenced machine pistol, nailgun, railgun, or with a slash of your kukri.At the time of this review, I have died 1,301 times. And I couldn't be happier.Play UNLOVED today!"
76561197993185244,Recommended,321270,32838945,Posted: 26 June,all,MENTHA,"PROSit's actually rather scary! good job on that! though it did break immersion when i started asking myself who kept buying those off putting paintings. Making you take a moment to open doors or pick up items builds quite a bit of tension when you suddenly hear a noise.It has a low amount of monster types but isn't afraid to dump a lot on you near the end of the level! this means that as hectic as things get, you'll be able to understand what monsters do what as you get more experienced, allowing the game to be readable even with a lot happening. many of the monsters have similar behavior to doom monsters, and if you absolutely adore doom as i do then you understand exactly why this is so good!The weapons and movement feel good, in my opinion. The game has a pistol, a silenced machine pistol, a double barrel shotgun, a quake-esque nail gun, and a freaking railgun. They all have alt fires. You have lots of tools as a consequence.CONS:ONLY RANDOMLY GENERATED LEVELS! while it may well help with replay value, it just isn't going to have the same punch as a bunch of hand made levels would. The original doom 2 mod had a lot of interesting hand made levels, so i know exactly what this developer is capable of. this game has a map though, which will make things easier. and the starting room has lots of room for the developer to plop lots of monsters for a final clash too, so its not like he didn't make these levels with thought. it also makes death meaningful, as you can't memorize where items and monsters are.CLOWN MONSTERS! I like clowns, and wish they were used for horror less. they're still fun to shoot at least.OVERALL: I got more scared playing this than I did evil within. 8 out of ten. good job."
,Recommended,321270,25790628,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,red_belmont456,"As someone who's played (and continues to play) the Original DOOM/DOOM II with tons of mods on and offline, this product initially caught my attention due to the original WAD being a work of art... After seeing it was on sale today and that it was finally completed, I decided, why not buy it and give it a shot...*****So Here Are my Thoughts*****First and foremost, this game is not scary at all, but rather more comparable to a horror themed arena shooter (think Amnesia combined with Painkiller), now this of course isn't a bad thing, but unless you play on the alternative modes that make it more survival horror esque, don't expect to be jumping out of your pants in terror...+The UI is simple to understand and easy enough to get around in, and the difficulty is at least kind enough to let you know the recommended level so that you'll start off at your own pace and work your way up to much more challenging arena settings.+The weapon variety is nice, they all feel different and are ALL useful which is great and, depending on how you play/who you play with, ammo scarcity is usually not an issue.+There are several areas, all with randomly generated arenas based on the theme you picked (Apartment, Clinic and Town to name a few), all which you can adjust the size of, and not only this, but up to four other players can join in to help you try to survive each randomly generated arena, leading to limitless hours of good old fashioned horde control.+Enough monster variety to add depth to the gameplay so that each encounter has to be handled differently (hope you know the DOOM dance well ;3 ...). The best part is that the monsters can infight <3 (more games seriously need to do this...).Now there are a few gripes I have with the game as well as a few bugs that have somewhat soiled my experience(not enough for me to really detest the game of course, but I thought they should still be mentioned...please note that I am running the game on Borderless Mode)-Some keys will not bind properly when you try to change them. For instance, I've been attempting to change the mousewheel binds so that ""next weapon"" is mousewheel up rather than down, but every single time it just says mouse axis rather than up or down, and the binds do not change.-This happened to me twice now so it may or may not happen to you. when you reset and apply your binds while in a game and then press escape, the game will act as though it is mimimized even though it's not and nothing you press will work unless you ctrl+alt+del out to the desktop and then click on the window again, this can be a big problem if triggered while you're surrounded...-The game is very VERY dark, and on higher graphics settings it gets darker still so it is very hard on the eyes (specifically mine :x , getting old is rough...). Playing on Medium settings at least reduces the eye strain from the darkness a tad.-the FoV slider seems almost pointless due to the Flashlight adding artificial peripheral vision which makes any setting above 90 almost moot since you still have to squint to be able to see things properly the majority of the time...-The map/minimap is alright, suitable for randomly generated maps, but far from perfect though... due to representing large sections in squares, you may end up wandering around the same room aimlessly trying to search for the connecting points of each square only to find you've somehow ended up wandering to the other side of the map, where you didn't want to end up going. It is usually just better to rely on landmarks than the map, though I'm sure I will get used to it eventually.-From what I've seen, there's currently no way to set it so that weapons stay on maps in multiplayer which can lead to people griefing by taking all of the weapons (including the duplicates). In my opinion this should definitely be added as soon as possible, since it will at LEAST make sure that everyone can pick up all of the available weapons even IF someone runs around and steals all the ammo. Since this is a game based on a DOOM WAD I'm sure the setting can be implemented, not to mention it would at least lessen the plausible griefing when playing with randoms online...-The Totems you can obtain in game have very vague explanations as to what they do and wether they're active or passive, and many of the advanced features such as crafting with fractions, leveling up trinkets and why we need Q/what it's used for (my guess is that it's for obtaining titles but i'm not 100% sure...) are not explained at all, meaning you will have to do research yourself outside of the game OR figure it out via experimentation, not to mention how oddly convoluted leveling and crafting trinkets is... (I'll save you time and explain what I mean, in order to level trinkets you must obtain fragments, to obtain fragments you must break ink bottles (which are also used for alternate color pallets for your character) as well as trinkets themselves, you then have to make sure the trinket you're trying to level is unequipped, you then select it, and check to see if you have the required karma points as well as the required fractions, OR within the same menu you can choose to break said trinket to obtain more fractions...BE EXTREMELY CAUTIOUS By the way, whenever you begin a new profile, you start equipped with a trinket that allows you to begin with a pistol and 40 rounds each game, if you accidentally break this trinket then you will start every level unarmed until you can find this trinket again, at which point I would suggest just making a new profile instead...).-Enemies are generated ad infinitum and depending on the mode you pick, they can spawn more or less frequent, strong or sturdy. So if you waste too much time wandering around (this can be more so an issue gaming with other players), then you will find yourself running low on resources before you can find the blood machines, especially since ammo, health and armor do not respawn...Now even with all these issues, the game is just what I needed to tide me over until Shadow Warrior 2 arrives, and who knows, I may just keep playing it way past that, it is simple, addictive and a great way to spend your time, just the way I like it (Honestly, all that's missing is a Chainsaw). SO if you have money to spare and don't know what to play, pick this up..."
76561197976747009,Not Recommended,321270,25827317,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ultrasex,"Lack of any sort of single player playability. You will get swarmed by a neverending barrage of monsters that move around at lightning speeds, and will appear 2 feet behind you from a room that you just came out of, that was empty(and a dead end). The lighting seems like it would set the mood, but it is too dark most times, that I can't see what the hell is hitting me. The game just feels very unpolished and much like an early access still. Would not reccomend, unless maybe you have a group of friends that you can sucker into buying it."
76561198330397100,Recommended,321270,25889643,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,theLegend,"If anything this game is worth it just for the Hot mode, a genuinely disturbing experience that encourages you to plan well ahead to succeed; the dark music inviting you deeper into this cruel and unforgiving world. An absolute must for any fans of Doom, Silent Hill and RNG mechanics."
,Recommended,321270,19139706,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,낙룡 [Nuolong],"Pretty good so far. I'll update this review as it gets more content added to it.---Masterpiece was released today. I'll make it consise if that's what you're looking for:If you want to reminiscence your past experiences of DOOM, this game is perfect for you.If you haven't really played DOOM but want an extremely novel adventure, this is still perfect for you.---More stuff has gotten added to the game since I wrote this review. Here's my mini story with this game:So I initially bought this game thinking it would be amazing. Jumping into it, I found it very challenging and almost immediately disliked it because of my quick death. So, I stopped playing for a bit. Then, one day, months later, I decided to head back into the game to give it another shot, and see if anything had gotten better from the last time. I died. However, this time I was a little bit more determined.. there had to be something in the game that makes it special. I posted asking for tips on playing. I explained my scenario, and I received replies. Replies that told me what I was doing wrong while playing and what I should be doing. I thought about it, and decided that what they were telling me was logical to reach the game's objective. So, I tried. And I beat it for my first time.Oh, what's this? I received.. karma, photos, ink bottles, and.. trinkets? Wow! So this game has loot you say? Now I got even more interested. One day, I met a friend. This friend told me even more tips and tricks to use while playing, which helped me progress even further into this game. What I've learned from this is that you've got to give this game a shot. It may seem to lack a lot of things, but you must ask yourself, ""Why is this game in Early Access."" Instead of saying, ""This game has nothing!"", you should be asking yourself, ""I wonder what is to come?""Is this game repetitive? Yes. But that's not even a problem. As long as you understand how the game works and you can allow yourself to have fun, you would not even think about this.Is this game scary? I would say that a more generally applied genre for this game is action. It's not at all scary. Unless, if you find turning around the corner for a monster to jump at your face. Well.. from that, yes. This game is scary. A new monster has been added recently. The Witch. It's freaky. I'm serious. This game just got creepier than before.""There's no multiplayer games available!"" This game is Early Access, so it may make a bit sense that not many people have heard of this game to play it. But yes, it may be hard to find multiplayer game sometimes. That eliminates the horror aspect, though. So in some cases it's better to go alone.There's no real beginning to this game. You just hop in and learn yourself. That's what I think has scared owners of the game away from actively playing it. That's why the community has started to create a wiki!unloved.wikia.comThe community and the developer is very responsive. If you have a suggestion that is commonly shared with other players, the developer is probably already working on it.I can't wait to see future updates for this game! I think is has a lot of potential and I'm very satisfied with this purchase.--This review was pretty horrible. It had such a random order. If anyone has got any questions or comments for me, make them. I'll answer/reply!"
,Recommended,321270,22115402,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,=C-D= Ceranoe,"This is an example of a good Early Access game. UNLOVED is a survival horror shooter based off of an old DOOM mod by the same name. The atmosphere is fantastic, the gunplay feels nice, the enemy design is grotesque and I love it. There are COOP and singleplayer modes. UNLOVED is sadly just that as it appears to have a lack of active players for a game with so much to offer. As of now the game is considered finished but it still recieves occasional updates with extra content. Excellent game and good devs.Pros:Good atmosphereGood gunplayGood design choicesCons:Lacking active players"
76561197994761245,Recommended,321270,22170150,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Baron,"A fun shooter that does tend to get repetitive. It is still in early access so I assume they'll add some variety as the game goes along. SOme minor glitches with the flash light, short load times for picking up weapons and equipment (which I think is intended to increase difficulty but it comes off more as irritating), and the mini map could be a little more clearly designed (a minor issue). Overall it's a fun little horror FPS but is more fun when teaming up with a partner."
,Recommended,321270,22118624,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,oXYnary,"Unloved is a throwback to 90s dark and atmospheric shooters like Quake or Doom.  Its modernized though using Unreal 4 and multiplayer Co-op.  It uses procedural maps and a weapon upgrade system to help keep each play through unique.  The developer originally made this as a Mod for Doom II, and has made it a standalone project.  He is always willing to listen to feedback and truly cares about creating a first class old school experience for the end user."
76561198054059831,Recommended,321270,23263616,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,luxaN ✔,"I like graphics and gameplay, but it lacks content. However, game's on the right track and other than that, no issues.(Though I'd like an FPS cap just not to stress my GPU as much)"
,Recommended,321270,23209799,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Nugget,"It's literally Doom 2 but with random level generation. It's got a current lack of weapons and enemies, but apart from that the feel is nailed down to a T.If that appeals to you like it does to me, try this game. If not, well, you won't find much else there.Unloved features four player co-op, a weapon upgrade system, and Doom 2's weapon-switching oriented combat with a runspeed. The core gameplay is extremely fun, and swapping weapons between combat is a blast. It also has rogue-like elements, such as Trinkets which modify your chracter's stats between each round, on top of having a variety of modes for single player, including The Most Innovative Gammemode in years (try to guess what it is!)."
,Recommended,321270,20412824,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Atomic Prophet,"Intense, spooky and bloody old-school FPS fun.  Plays like Doom.  Has character levelling up both in the game and outside it.Still in Early Access so expect a few glitches here and there.  However the developer actively listens to community feedback and is always incorporating new ideas."
,Recommended,321270,23548349,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Capt.VinVin,"This game at face value seems like another ""horror"" shooter, but this surpasses so much more. If you are a fan of the Doom franchise then you will feel familiar with this style of collect the color coded keys (red,blue,yellow), and then complete the final objective. Its fantastic at creating the atmosphere and to then keep you on your toes. The maps are original and different every time and for a change, the developer is active regularly with keeping the fan base updated and to show everyone whats going on and what the future plans are. If you are looking for a new fps horror game that has immense potential, Definitely check this out."
76561197987016904,Recommended,321270,31970355,Posted: 26 May,all,toastdot6,"A small story of one Francis Burke, private investigator and insurance claims investigator. On a tip from a drinking buddy, who in their abstract rambles happens to mention some derelict properties being occupied by unusual tenants, Francis decides to go and see for himself if he properties in question are being unreasonably utilized. After doing some background research, Francis finds that there are several addresses registered to these locations- art school students, medical interns, even liscensed and accredited practicing doctors. Yet there is no registered owner of the properties that Francis can find, no... anything. Francis decides to go and investigate on his own, he is a registered P.I. after all, and if his credentials can't help him past any possible junkies and squatters, his sidearm certantly can.However, when his drinking buddy learns of his intentions, he tries to dissuade him. ""I was drunk"", he said, ""I didn't know what I was saying,,,"", and ""seriously Frank, don't go, I couldn't forgive myself if you did"". But Francis still has to make his bills, how could he let a potential opportunity pass him by? Francis has had his share of the normal life, and not much of it has worked out for him- aside from his job. It keeps him moving, feeling alive- feeling, at least, something. Anything at all.It's odd, how it was. Empty. Abandoned. All these people slowly disappearing. The tenements were completly destitute of human life, but...   still obviously recently (and very thoroughly) being utilized. In the place of modern conveniences, the majority of the area was candlelit, and seemed as if every room was designed for occult ritual. On further inspection there were bizzare medical devices, metal cages and hanging devices that Francis recoginsed as once being used for restricting living persons during medieval times, and things for which there was no sane reason.There's no explination for what became of Francis, his friend, or who or what he found along the way- but the rest of the story is a short elevator ride down.(This backstory is not officaly endorsed)"
76561198086577753,Recommended,321270,30640522,Posted: 20 March,all,Danatz,I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself and now I have to wait for my buddies to play with me.
76561198143872828,Recommended,321270,26701683,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Exodus N,"I enjoyed the origional unloved wad for D00M 2, but this blows me out of the water. It's creepy, fun, and always has new levels, due to procedural generation. The game has online co-op which is a blast to play, but could use a bit more polishing.Enemies and weapons have cool designs, and weapons have lots of impact. There are some glitches in the game, but nothing game breaking. Graphics are also quite pretty on high settings (However graphics snobs may not think so). All in all, It's well worth ten bucks. One suggestion for the developer is to add dismemberment on enemies, as currently deaths for enemies are rather tame and lack impact. The character progression is pretty cool as well, with perks and other helpful items that can be unlocked the more you play. I would reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,321270,33891394,Posted: 29 July,all,SirReeceo[Youtube] hellcase.com,"Played the game a bit, it looks fun to start with but after 10 minutes the fun dies, and you notice the game is better to be played with others, and there' a proble mwith that, hardly anyone plays. Don't buy unless you're gonna be playing long term with friends."
76561198042096692,Recommended,321270,32899034,Posted: 27 June,all,ScaryNed,"basic reviewCruddy graphics hide a rather fun doom esque game.Despite only having 5 weapons, the level of customization you can have from loot is huge.Difficulty ranges from super casual 'Sliver of Mercy' to near impossible 'Unearthly'Community is super small but polite and helpful.There are many different types of game modes, tho they all revolve around ultimatly finding and activating a machine before escaping in the hellivator.The price is rextremely fair with what it has to offer. Any sales are absolutly worth it."
,Recommended,321270,30814397,Posted: 29 March,all,FuriousUnagi,"UNLOVED is a nice fast paced action shooter. It is repetitive and only has a few different level designs, but what sets it apart is its variety of gameplay styles. Good with friends; can become boring if alone.Edit: Acknowledging the lack of voice communication in-game and information about the servers available (such as ping) as two major flaws to the game."
,Recommended,321270,26724025,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,VacBanJeremy,"This game is amazing. It keeps you constantly thinking and on your feet to survive. It's very dark and ominous and the lighting is placed very well. The sounds of the game are spooky/creepy. The enemies are great, and the fact that they grow harder as the level goes on is a very nice touch that keeps you from running constant circles like in a COD zombies match. Its constantly being updated by the developer (who is very active with the game) and listens to everything people ahve to say. Runs well, has a few clunks here or there which are patched almost immediatly when i log on the next day or two. Overall if you are looking for a survival horror fps shooter: 9/10. Highly recommended.Con: can't seem to find a way to host a game still"
,Recommended,321270,30725640,Posted: 25 March,all,AstralBlood,"One of the few buys I've made in the past month that I haven't regretted. It's sort of like killing floor 2 but better in some ways. Killing Floor 2 has more content but the level system and over all award system is.. well, not very rewarding. While KF2s gameplay may be more fluent, the gameplay in Unloved feels more fun. (the gameplay actually isn't that bad either) Unloved's leveling system, trinket system and unlockable system is what I like most about the game, besides the actual gameplay of course. The enemies are also very interesting and well made. Sometimes they'll teleport (probably caused by lag, idk) but they're pretty cool. I would definitely like to see more updates for this game. I also really like the idea of rare mob spawns. That skeletal creature is badass! I recommend this game, not only for the price but because the game is good."
,Recommended,321270,25939971,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Reyson Fox,"Unloved is a pretty fun Doom2 Mod. The game has a lot of potential of growing to being a great scary, gritty and dark grimy looking feel of an arcade shooter. And that is truly what is going for it. The monsters are creepy, everything is randomized everytime and a good skill set and items to acquire each time you start a game. The grind is real of course but the game isn't heavy on making it forced. It's fun to play with others and the guns you do get are satisfying to kill. Also the developer ""Blue"" has been real nice and helpful in his dedication to help his community play the game, and get it to work. My friends has crashing issues and he helped mend the problems, kudos for that.All around for the price I already got my money's worth from enjoying it with friends, and hope the game gets even more content in the future."
76561198106107914,Recommended,321270,22017657,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ego_sin_trick,Fun! scary! Tons of blood. So take Doom throw in a heaping teaspoon of German flavored Hellraiser and the chaos of Isaac's nightmare and you get this euphoric treat. Thanks Bleu.
,Recommended,321270,22261486,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,xRedHeadRebelx,"I definitely recommend if you want action and great gameplay. While it can get repetitive after a while, it's fun to play as enemy spawn is always random so you have know how many enemies you'll get and hard it'll be. The multiplayer mode is probably my favorite. It's more fun to play in a group then by yourself, cause otherwise it really will get repetitive.I'll be honest though, there are some downsides to the game. One downside is that the game is dark, literally. Your flashlight helps to see what's right in front of you, but unless you're in an area of the game that provides other light sources it can be somewhat difficult to see. And turning the brightness up on your monitor only does so much before it makes it worse. The only other downside I personally found was that when you first start playing, unless you have someone there to help whose played before, then you have idea what to do or what your objective is. You just run around killing enemies and collecting things. It wouldn't be so bad if more people played, then others can join your game and you'll figure things out faster. Other then those I found now downsides myself, but there might be things you dislike that I don't."
76561198005582304,Recommended,321270,25845687,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Auroq,"Incredibly well done replayable survival horror. Every game is a new monster maze that has you frantically scavenging for keys, trinkets, ammo, and health while trying not to get to ambushed by the creepypasta enemies making strange noises in the dark and behind doors. This is classic doom in a way Id Software doesn't make anymore. The tech behind this game is basic, but still provides an incrible experience you can't find anywhere else. I can't wait to see what Blue Eagle does in the future."
76561198081145223,Recommended,321270,25845903,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Liquid-Divinium,"Having played this rather unusual Doom mod-turned-actual game for myself, I can say...well, I'm not seeing the Doom resembelance everyone else is talking about. It sort of plays more like a first person roguelike than a Doom game. And it's...alright. It plays pretty well, but it can be a bit frustrating; monsters seem to spawn randomly and have a tendancy to pile up. It's a bit hard to be scary when there are 15+ monsters firing guns and fireballs at you when you're just trying to find more weapon mods and keys. Oh yes, and it takes about a second to pick up anything, even though most other FPSs pick them up instantly. Little bit confusing.Overall, would I reccomend this game? I suppose, but at a discount price. I got it for about £6 on sale and I think that's the right price for it. It's got the content, for sure, but it lacks polish. It DOES, however, have potential, so I'd say keep an eye out for it. A bit of polish and a bit of balancing and this could be something quite fine indeed."
76561198145764128,Recommended,321270,26011100,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,FeelsGoodMan,"Fun game, I wouldn't pay full price for it, the game is lacking a tutorial and underneath the really good lighting the textures are very dated, Player collision also feels quite buggy, however once you figure out how it works It's a challenging and enjoyable experiance best played with other people, the game has a decent progression system, plenty of game modes (I enjoyed Arcade the most) impacful gunplay, a tonne of gore and interesting demons as well as an strong sense of replayability.I'd recommend picking it up on sale"
76561198026280814,Recommended,321270,26972957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phellgod,"Specs: I7 6700K 4ghz, 16g ram , Asus GTX-1070 Strix 8gb, Game run on hddThis game is pure gold :- You can feel fear with how the atmosphere is build: dark rooms with a few sources of light except for youre flashlight, the designs of the monsters and their sounds effect.- This is a hard game: monster can kill you from the beginning if you don't pay attention to what youre doing and this game feature a heat system ( you wanna take some ammo or health pack, you risk to make more monster spawn) that is well done and on higher difficulties the monsters can easily swarm you.- Guns are nice and you can feel the punch theyre giving though there is no customization ( not sure about this, some trinkets seem to change the color of pistol sight)- Dev is active on the forum and to fix the bugs.- There is a perk systems ( trinkets in this games),to get a new trinket you must complete the level you're on ( youll get more if you play on larger maps) and those are random."
,Recommended,321270,20606192,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,iddqd,"This game is kinda like Killing Floor and Left 4 Dead, but still different. You can play this alone or with 3 other friends. Whilst exploring the dark areas with great graphics, you will encounter greatly designed enemies to shoot with a handful of guns.The sound is AMAZING in this game. Also, I like the whole idea of it. Basically, it's a UE4 engine port from a DOOM 2 mod made 6 years ago. But even though this is still early access, you will enjoy playing it. Trust me.Big ups to the dev for being someone who finally releases an interesting FPS since years!"
76561198135577896,Recommended,321270,18833724,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Mortician,"So this is a first impression type of thing I will edit this in the future to keep up with my experiences.TL;DR at the bottom.When I first saw this game on the steam market it reminded of painkiller (not that it plays like painkiller it just made me think of it.)  I am a huge fan of horror and gory games.  By Satan is this game good so far.  It plays similar to a wave shooter but don't let that fool you, this game will make you jump and almost♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants.  ""Why?""  You might ask to which I reply with the enemies have to basic speeds of movement: slow and mach 5, when you turn around after picking something up and one of these creepy monsters just rushes towards with out warning, let's just say it's enough to make you say holy ♥♥♥♥.  The enemies are also slightly unpredictable, all enemies have two attacks one ranged and one melee.  The ranged attack animations are none existent (at least from what i've seen i could've easily missed them.)  The demons or monsters are definitely creepy, ranging from creepy clowns to butchers (the rest you can find out for yourself, I don't want to spoil the enemies.)  It gives me a vibe of classic FPS games like Doom and Duke Nukem, just shoot everything in sight and leave none alive.  The atmosphere is creepy the apartments are pretty scary.All and all I believe this game was worth the $12.79 I paid for it, I wish nothing but success for this game and the developer for they both show promise.Update: The dev has added totems, which are power ups that affect the player. (i.e. Make the player run faster.)  Also, the game is still making me jump.  I have been playing horror games for pretty much my entire life, and a game has never made me scream.  This game did it, it broke me.  I was typing a message to my friend (While on multiplayer.)  and I forgot you can't pause on multiplayer and when I look back at the game right after sending the message a ♥♥♥♥ing nurse is all up in my♥♥♥♥♥♥at light speed and a screamed... at 3:00 am.  So my original score and sentiments stand.8/10 I would suggest supporting this developer. I can't wait to see what the future holds for this title!  \m/ (-_-) \m/Keep it brutal everyone!"
76561198094792563,Recommended,321270,23893863,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Fairy Hamble Babi o(❛ᴗ❛)o,"Great game just like the other reviews say. Expecting a lot more stuff and streamlining in the future.A *slower walk speed* would be better. Currently there's no need to sprint unless you REALLY have to get there in light-speed >.<PS; Moki said(hi, Moki! ^.^/~) we can equip trinkets that sacrifice speed for more defence~Problem Solved!! \^,^/!!!!"
76561198235733222,Recommended,321270,25817364,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ChefBoyardee255,♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥♥this game scared the crap out of me and i only play for about 10 minutes. Fun as hell but i dont recomend it in the dark with headpones on unless you play with someone.
,Not Recommended,321270,34963877,Posted: 14 September,all,radGeist,"The game's graphics are a little eh, it's fun when you have people playing with you. However, the game's pretty dead every single time I check multiplayer, I don't think anyone's playing this, which is a shame. It's not an awful game, it's sort of like Nazi Zombies w/ more Silent Hill-esque monsters, some upgradable stuff you can find each map, it can be rather roguelike also. I only say ""Not Recommended"" because of the dead multiplayer."
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,321270,34656279,Posted: 1 September,all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"Unloved is a Coop FPS game with elements of horror. The combat itself works reasonably well and it has some replayability value because of its procedurally generated levels but it comes saddled with far too many issues to deserve a recommendation. The game suffers from the low skill ceiling, poor graphics, very limited amount of content, an extremely small playerbase, RNG driven progression and unrewarding endgame.I like PvE games that require you to grow as a player, games that require you to improve and learn new techniques as you progress through the difficulties. This isn’t the case with Unloved, I started playing on the highest difficulty solo 50 hours into the game and the only reason why I didn’t start earlier is because I didn’t have the right trinkets. The difference that trinkets make is astronomical, between my ring and 3.7 trinket, my nailgun gets about 450% boost in damage and a boost in other stats as well. The problem with this is that it’s all about bigger numbers, the gameplay remains almost untouched going up through difficulties. Your enemies just get more HP and hit harder, there are no new attacks and you don’t have to learn new techniques. If a difficulty is too hard for you, farm some better gear, that’s how you improve at Unloved.Another thing to note is that the enemies don’t even have weak points, headshots don’t count and critical hits are entirely RNG driven.The graphics are poor in Unloved even on the highest settings. This isn’t a major issue for me because gameplay is more important but what is an issue is the fact that performance is inconsistent. I have two gaming systems, my desktop has a 1080 GTX card and it plays Unloved flawlessly with everything turned up on 2560 x 1440. My laptop on the other hand suffers from frequent FPS drops with many settings on medium or turned off on 1920 x 1080. My laptop is not a potato, it has an i7 CPU and a 1060 GTX card.The amount of content in Unloved is very limited, there are only 5 weapons in the game and one of them is not viable on higher difficulties (SMP). The maps are procedurally generated but there are only a limited amount of tiles the game has at its disposal and it starts looking samey very quickly.The playerbase is critically low, the highest it gets to is about 25 concurrent players which is basically dead as far as MP games go. Most of the time when I hit “Find Games” I get nothing, when I do find something and connect, there is always extreme lag. The lobby list doesn’t give you ping or where the host is located.Progression in this game is mostly RNG driven. Tier 1 and Tier 2 trinkets can be upgraded up to four times but getting Tier 3 which are the endgame trinkets is entirely RNG driven and can only be obtained through Demon Chests which won’t spawn every time you play the game. Another thing to note is that lower level Tier 3 trinkets are worse than high level Tier 2 trinkets but have the highest chance of dropping. So basically, you will be farming for 3-6 and 3-7 trinkets for a very long time while being swamped by throwaway 3-1 and 3-2 trinkets. Also, you can get multiple copies of the same trinket. Effectively, endgame progression is locked behind a very steep RNG treadmill. This brings me to make a warning for achievement hunters. If you want to 100% your games, do not buy Unloved, the “Longest Road IX” achievement requires you to have a full set of 3-7 trinkets, this will take you upwards of 200 hours to obtain.My final point is about the endgame of Unloved. The endgame consists of farming 3-7 trinkets and upgrading rings and is extremely unrewarding. The rings, which have a 10% drop rate from a Demon Chest will take about 90 hours to upgrade each and that’s only if you do nothing but farm the two currencies required to upgrade them. The poor and sparse rewards make a very bad combination with simplistic gameplay."
,Recommended,321270,26302424,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Alicorn,Unloved is an excellent Doom Mod Based video game. Taking the best out of Doom and adding new enemies to slaughter.
,Recommended,321270,32016215,Posted: 28 May,all,Chocolate Chin,Poop your pants with friends!
76561198202409018,Recommended,321270,30668132,Posted: 22 March,all,that lasagna looks crisp,"The game is fine but the lack of content just drove me away.For the first 30 minutes i explored all the levels,tried all weapons,seen all the monsters.Then you do that its basiclly it...You explored all the content this game has to offer.From the other side this has a lot potential.Its reeeeeealy DARK in this game and the graphics are good.So im really looking forward into this.If you to try this definetly check this game out."
,Recommended,321270,26290213,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Fezzywinks,This is a game about being in the basement and using your shotgun to the best of your ability.  I was really good at it.   A bunch of us became super friends.  There was this nazi chick from Texas who wants to bang me.  There were some dudez too; they were alright.  Pretty much everyone did what I said and we won the game.  My shotgun was awesome.-Fez
,Recommended,321270,25241168,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,o v r a y,this game as big potential and is a lot of fun but it's unloved :( max 10 player ingame (on sunday afternoon :l). yes the game is still good to play solo i spended maybe 50 hours before getting bored of the game then i had a friend who got the game and played over 100 hours together but in the end we played with maybe 3 other people (in 2mounth of playing regulary ^^) so we just mooved on.. and it's horrible because everyone do the same... i hope one day the game will have a tons of full server and a regular playerbase! Best of luck to the develloper great work so far!
,Recommended,321270,22149203,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,🔐 Raz,"----------- Pros -----------I have so far enjoyed this game playing with my friends.I really enjoy the ammount of content and time the creator has put intoupdating this game. I especially like the veriety of monsters and weapon upgrade system.----------- Cons -----------Could be more character custimization.More weapons could be added, we all love the mods buta larger veriety of weapons would make it all the better.----------- Analasis -----------Overall i would recommend this game to anyonethat enjoys a good co-op monster fighting shooter.The updates are consistant and usually bring a large veriety ofnew content into use."
76561197996337391,Recommended,321270,23698083,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,[IFN] Saladin [TMOD],"So far this mod is nothing like the original mod its based on in its early version and isnt the best looking..... but, this game has plenty of potential of being the next big fps just like its predecessor (if you havent played the original get doom 2 and the mod and try it) the gameplay is very similar to old shooters, it is fast paced and bloody but with only 4 guns this version of the game gets boring but they compensate for the small amount of weapondry at your disposal ranging from the ordinary 9mm pistol to the outrageous weaponized minigun nailgun. Along with the 4 weapons there are also weapon upgrades that you can find throughout the randomly generated levels. there is very minimal character customization and a upgrade system that to me feels akin to halos mutator skulls. This game has plenty of potential to be amazing but in its current state i would recommend skipping it and just playing the original free mod for doom 2 but when its fully released i hope i can go back on that statement."
76561198039394097,Not Recommended,321270,26007130,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Nitro,"Based on buying it during early access, I cannot continue to support this game.Review may be a bit lacking, but the big problem is we got very little of what we were promised in this game coming out, the third person animations are still ridiculous, theres still just one character to play as (Were promised many) and I am disappointed with the way the game shaped up.Early on it truly felt like it was going to be special, it was going to be scary and based on the Doom 2 mod of the same name (By the same author) which was really scary but also still doom-like, with a creepy story, creepy elements, a deep feeling to it, etc, and this game has very little of that. The enemies looke like random things grabbed from other games with no rhyme or reason, nurses from silent hill, the mancubus from doom, a doctor that looks like hes made out of play-doh, a clown, all look like they were made for a game that uses nothing but unity assets. This is reflected in the weapons, with a spread that goes pistol-double barrel-silenced uzi (???)-Minigun called nailgun-railgun.The random generation mechanic doesnt make up for the lack of content, and theres not enough to it for it to be meaningful. The same rooms over and over (Badly made and textured rooms) with the stuff you want to pick up glowing and stuck in the same places in the rooms. The doors still dont open and to compensate for that, now they ""Dissolve into smoke"" with a cheap animation when being opened. Enitre buildings in the ""New"" town tileset are covered in one repeating texture, same as the walls in all of the other places, as shown below.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=779901112So at the end of the day, we have a game that was released without promised content and old mechanics that were never improved, such as the blood machines at the end of each level (Put in as a ""temporary goal"" until the story and goals could be improved, which they never were)The reviews you see that are positive are often really old, and this may be why the game has effectively been left like this. People bought it hoping for more, but very few bought it, and those who did reviewed it well then stopped playing, with no more money to be made because of a lack of interest, why keep making the game bigger?Unloved is not without merit, the coop play is fun and makes for hilarity and giggles, but the fun comes from poking at how silly and unfinished it looks, and its not scary, not at all. The only ""Scare"" mechanic is a cheap system where monsters get a speed boost at random with the hopes theyll show up in your face and scare you, thats simply not horror.EDIT: My review formerly was a bit more harsh, so i do need to note. While the game did not ship with all of the features we really hoped for, its price has been reduced to compensate. And at the end of the day, if you have a whole team you can play with on a regular basis, you may find this game to be incredibly appealing. Increasing the difficulty is not ""Enemy x has 10 more hitpoints"" the difficulty in this game increases the Impossible factor by 1. Solo, this is impossible to work, even with 2 or 3, its nearly impossible. But with 4 well levelled, well equipped teammates, this game becomes a Mecca for people who love brutal difficulty with gameplay similar to doom. New enemies show up with increase in difficulty as well, meaning that the whole game actually FEELS different the harder it gets.so yes, if you can regularely group up and LOVE a challenge, this game is priced fairly for what it is."
76561198053464071,Recommended,321270,20354138,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GetSchwifty,"This game is just as good as the Doom mod if not better. For starters, it's ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying. The sound effects, enemies and the music all make a very uneasy atmosphere. The guns are awesome and I love the custom map mechanics. If you like the Doom mod you'll like this."
76561198025541494,Recommended,321270,23780307,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ZenZeroX,It like silent hill+doom a bright future for this game best to play with friends who also like horror and shooter games
76561198053598512,Recommended,321270,23873067,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Raptick [OIL],Like this game but I still dont understand what this game is about. Satanistics? Demons?
76561197984602389,Recommended,321270,25287453,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,"FNG ""Rusty""","WOW interesting game hard, to stay alive but needs more players, 1 person has a hard time, to many things come out at once.....I have to change that it has been updated and I just seen the updates. great single player mode, In fact pick a diffacuty Update are great even better game than when i was playing at first.....This would be the best Halloween game there is the music get the heart pumping. The ghouls and goblins make terrifying sounds. The monsters are ghost like in their appearances. And when you have 4  to 5 on the board, you really wish there was someone there with you to help survive.  If your alone you really begin to feel UNLOVED.The game feels like one of the early game I played,   but I can’t put my finger on which one. Maybe DukeNukem, possibly DOOM. I really can’t tell but it has the feel of the old type game that the older gamer knew and loved.I have been enjoying the game but by myself it make it very hard to get past the shot gun, New CHANGE IN REVIEW Better guns than ever before... I play a lot of first person shooter games so I’m not new to shooting  things on screen.  It may help the game to have an easier board when only one person is playing and get harder as more pepole become involved on that board.HAVE TO CHANGE AGAIN... great single player mode...I bought the game when it first came out and changed computers it didn’t work on the new one. I just fixed the game and started playing wish I fixed it sooner.IF you like shooting Monsters, Ghosts and Ghouls buy this game go on online and please give me a hand on finding what’s out there.Could be a great game if there are more people playing. Buy It..FNG (Rusty)Buy it even if you like playing alone .PS did not get this game for free  Ipaid and glad i got it. Buy it..soon .."
,Not Recommended,321270,25807267,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ChickenHeart,"Start your October off by playing an FPS facsimile of ""Binding of Isaac,"" complete with carbon-copy Doom monsters, visuals fresh out of a Unity engine demo, key-hunting in near-complete darkness, and of course my personal favorite: stock sound effects up the wazoo!There's some interesting concepts the developer is trying to implement for sure, but it's immediately-buried under a roaring trash pile of shoddy, ""my-first-fps"" presentation and gameplay so bland you'll be begging for the sweet release of a fatal software error the 30th time a wave of headcrab zombies and circus clowns interrupt your key objective of jamming your blood into peanut jars.Music's nice, though."
,Recommended,321270,17688321,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Logan,"I like the game so far, it as a while to go but it shows a lot of progress.A tip or 2 for you, any developer(s) reading this, would be to focus more on the horrory-aspect of this game. With another DOOM game actually coming out soon, they'll have you beat in action, so if I were you, I would direct the game into a more survival-horror zone. Having a gun in your hands is very nice, but making the game much scarier would deffinitely do it well.The AI also needs a lot of work. A lot of times the enemies would walk into a room only to immediately leave it for no reason."
,Recommended,321270,21860234,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,baxter5469,Great Game so far can't wait to see where the dev takes this game!Playerbase is really small right now so i would suggest that the game get more advertisement.Otherwise game is great9/10
76561197970739339,Recommended,321270,25775412,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"I love this game, and I play a lot of rogue-lites, let me tell you. I have not played the original Unloved mod, but this game's origins are clear: no-nonsense runnning and gunning of classic Doom. It melds that with procedural level generation and loot, a winning combination if I've ever seen one. I have been waiting for a game like this, and previously lamented that Ziggurat did not have co-op. I've gotten two of my friends into it with a possible third incoming.Each run is a single level, which you can customize by selecting difficulty, tileset, size, and mode: The default mode is UltraViolence, while arcade mode makes the game faster and allows you to pick up items instantly but rewards less xp, or ""Karma"", while ClassicHorror makes the game slower, gives you less ammo and makes the enemies more dangerous, for a more ""survival horror"" experience. Higher difficulties reward more Karma. You can also set the number of players you want to be able to join beforehand.The levels are made up of randomized rooms. Scattered throughout these rooms are a huge number of pickups, as in many 90s fpses: health, armor, ammo, new weapons, silver keys, lockboxes, weapon upgrades, ink bottles, photos and fragments of playing cards, as well as three special crests that opened locked doors, which you need to progress through the level. Ink bottles can be redeemed after a run for new color options for your character, or broken down into fragments and Karma. You recieve a new ""trinket"" if you manage to find the three card fragments. These trinkets can then be equipped before subsequent runs, increasing your character's level. Karma is used to purchase new trinket slots, and the trinkets themselves can be upgraded using karma and fragments, or broken down to make the same. The lockboxes contain ""totems"" which provide various buffs for the remainder of that run, similar to the upgrades you would find in Rogue Stormers or the Binding of Issac, while the weapon mods randomly buff one of your weapons- wether you have that weapon or not, and are also lost at the end of a run. Lastly, the photos can be used to purchase bits of backstory, allowing you to learn the story of ""The Fool"" and the nightmare he has found himself in.Additionally, on the two highest difficulties, Beast Mode and Unearthly, you have a chance to find special red ""Demon Chests"". If you complete a level having opened one, it is placed in your trinket inventory and can be scrapped for fragments and karma, or opened at a karma cost. These chests contain valuable Rank 3 trinkets necessary for success on these difficulties. However, it is very difficult to obtain these chests in the first place without a group of higher level players.Items take a few seconds to pick up, and weapons are only granted to the player that picked them up, making things a bit more challenging. Enemies spawn in waves when you perform important actions, like opening doors or picking up major items, though if you rush it can seem as if they respawn continously. It's best to only pick up what you need, as items are wasted if you pick them up while at full capacity.The game is very atmospheric for it's simplicity: creepy enemies, dark, oppressive corridors, moody industrial music and a sense of wrongness that reminds me a lot of the Dementium series on the Nintendo DS. As the game's description says, you are not wanted here. Keep moving, shooting and looting, and you might just survive another level.The legacy of Doom lives on!"
76561198022377661,Not Recommended,321270,25858207,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Subiectus,"I really wanted to like this game. It's not a bad game, but it feels incomplete and certainly not worth it's current price."
,Recommended,321270,17701668,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,CircumSamurai,"From my first hour or two of play, I was apprehensive due to the other garbage that gets greenlit and stuck in early access limbo. But after I kept playing, I became addicted.This game has a bunch of very clever systems in place that makes game play fun and challenging. The objectives require you to not only get to 7 blood machines, but you also need to sacrifice 7 health points to EACH. This means you have to be on edge the whole time while trying to get to them.The gunplay is great for a one man indie title, and feels gory, punchy, and satisfying.The loot system combined with the random rogue-lite elements makes for tense and challenging gameplay. You will always need to be moving from room to room to find the supplies you need to survive and win, and having to hold down the use button for certain amounts of time makes every little noise terrifying because you don't know if picking up that armor shard will be worth it when you lose all your health by getting your back shredded off. Different things take different amounts of times to pick up/open, and I find this to be rather clever. I mean, putting on a full combat vest isn't as fast as opening a door, and opening a door isn't as fast as picking up a pistol magazine and stuffing it down your pants.You can also find many different items besides ammo and health/armor. There are photos you find entirely devoted to advance the story in the extras menu, and ink bottles you can spend to get a new random color scheme for your character model. Not to mention the gun mods you can find to make fighting off demons easier, and completing levels awards you with useful trinkets that can either change your play style, or just help with making surviving easier. You can also trade in extra trinkets to upgrade certain ones so the ones that help you the most can be leveled up for further power.Despite being so early in developement, with only one tile set availabe for random generation, I can't say that I am not having a lot of fun playing it over and over again at different difficulties, with different people, and getting new loot. The tidbits of story it gives you for collecting photos is interesting so far, and I am intrigued to find more. (Along with more ink bottles to try and get the perfect color combination for my character!)The multiplayer is rusty, but fun, and works pretty damn well. Having someone cover your back while you unlock a door or generously donate blood to finish the level is awesome, and fits in well with this game I feel. So far it's a shame that more people aren't playing this gem in the rough, because the multiplayer is quite good despite its stiff appearance.I think that i'm loving the game even though most of the planned monsters, weapons, levels, and polish haven't been added yet. I was kind of scared off by the $15 price tag for an indie early access game as I had been burned on purchases like those before, but this was different. The game is fun, challenging, addicting, has a goal, and has a developer that seems to care about the game he is making. It is rightly in early access, but that's no reason to think that it is falling apart or unfinished as hell. The developer was smart enough in many different ways to design the game to be fun and challenging despite being fairly rough around the edges. And I haven't really run into any bugs other than an occasional ragdoll bugging out.I applaud the developer for his efforts, and emplore him to keep working on this until it is as awesome as it can be. I find it great as it is, but once more levels, enemies, guns, and etc. are added, this may just be another great indie hit!"
,Recommended,321270,24343555,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Titanious,"It's a really fun game! It's a rogue like horror shooter where you can go alone or with friends to traverse the dark corridors  of some nightmareish levels. Your goal is to find 3 crests to unlock more areas of the level while being hunted by relentless creatures of hell.There are extra gamemodes that are available such as classic arcade, where it's fast paced and action packed, and a superhot like gamemode that really changes things up. The developer obviously cares about this game, as he does his best to make sure it is as polished as possible. It controls really well and looks great. The atmosphere is perfect, it feels like Silent Hill with the distorted rooms. I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,321270,33814254,Posted: 26 July,all,southoftheborder,I only played the game for a few hours and it's pretty good
76561197989988262,Recommended,321270,28949388,Posted: 2 January,all,Henyaman,"Love playing this in coop with my friends at night! Love this game, its strangely addicting.Well worth the price!"
,Recommended,321270,31398826,Posted: 27 April,all,Hymen and Barfunkel,Recommend if you have excess pants and need to crap.
76561198028867043,Recommended,321270,17686794,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,PsionicStarfire,Don't know how much I can add that the other positive reviews haven't said already but if you want an old school shooter that's creepy as ♥♥♥♥ then this game is for you.
,Recommended,321270,25799942,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dr. Ivo,"I don't normally write reviews, and should I write one, they aren't very good. This won't be an exception.Two things I can tell you should you take a minute to read this. One, it feels like a scarier version of DOOM (considering this started life originally as a DOOM 2 mod.). Two, this legit had me on edge somewhat while trying to figure out where to go or what to do. Mos games don't do that to me.Overall though, this is worth it for multiplayer. Now I just need to get my friends in on the scares."
,Recommended,321270,33887682,Posted: 29 July,all,Owen Wilson,"A bit repetetive but up your alley if you're a fan of doom-styled FPS games, since this one is based on a Doom Mod with the very same name."
76561197960694830,Recommended,321270,25839580,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ScepticTank,Game seems ok but needs more content.
76561198029887092,Recommended,321270,26394930,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Valectron,"Fun with friends, meh by yourself.  Developer hanging around to provide continuous updates and new areas is alwaysa plus in my book.Cons:Major framerate issues in co-op especially as the game progresses or bodies stack up.Major frame issues trying to find objects among courses (might be the blood?)  Even with everything on the lowest possible settings.Regardless of those issues, me and my friends have put hours into the game and will continue to do so."
76561197990551406,Recommended,321270,17686035,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,"The Strength Of 10,000 Babies","So what exactly is Unloved?Well, for the DooM vets such as myself, the unloved series goes back to pre 2009-10's mods/wads for the original DooM games. You need a modern DooM engine like Zandrorum, Gzdoom, or Zdoom itself to run the mod. The Unloved mod for DooM was nothing short but brilliant in atmosphere and level design.With all the positive feedback from the DooM community over his work, Paul decided to continue on with a sequel, Unloved 2. Even though the project was unfinished, let me tell you that Unloved 2 was probably the best DooM mod I have ever played. Unloved 2 takes place right after the events of Unloved. You wake up in a mysterious underground cell, where you are held prisoner by an unknown entity. As your cell door creeps open, you black out with a brilliant flash of light, only to be awoken on a operating table with a pile of your own organs on a nearby table....Paul nailed it again in Unloved 2 with underground demonic fleshy walls, abandoned cities with hanging corpses from post lights, the player's personal demons manifesting in front of him, and a series of extremely bizarre written notes inside of a house that hints to your captivator being an old entity like Jack the Ripper. With soundtracks ripped from other games like Silent Hill for his old work, his personal selection of music with a melancholy, dark atmosphere level design. I highly recommend that you play the Unloved series on a modern DooM engine, and if you like your playthoughs, then pick this up afterwards to support Paul.I have high hopes for this project reboot. And I have all the confidence in Paul that he will deliver same sinister, gloomy atmosphere from his old projects and will transmit them into his new work."
,Recommended,321270,25774492,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mattyreyrey,"This game definitely has a great value to it that keeps you playing for hours at a time.Although certain things can be improved, I have to give a good rating on this one for positive values. It brings the feeling of Left 4 Dead and Doom into one solid shooter grindfest.I did a playthrough of the game's first Classic mode, Apartments.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlT8ZnfwX3s"
,Recommended,321270,17684360,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Shamo,"Good game, the progression system is very minimal but it makes you want to come back. The enemies are kind of glitchy right now but the gunplay is fun and satisfying and the atmosphere is also good."
,Recommended,321270,27016343,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,synntax,The potential is unlimited.
,Recommended,321270,26968915,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SaiyanPeppy_,Are you ready to sh*t your pants on?10/10 Would change my diapers again
76561198182315795,Recommended,321270,32050060,Posted: 29 May,all,matryoshka,pretty fun
76561197979600704,Recommended,321270,26121160,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Ranzou,"Unloved is an easy to pickup and play horde shooter, with nearly all it's mechanics. To spice things up a bit, you find collectibles that give you some lore, new colors for your characters clothes, trinkets (which is gear for your character that carries over between games.) and also session tied pick ups in forms of weapon mods and totems (which give you a random buff)Things get a bit more advanced with seemingly minor, yet critical long term and even short term effects that you do in the game. Every interaction you do in the game takes a while to complete, including things like opening doors and picking up gear, and every time you do so, depending on how valuable it is to you or the objectives, you spawn greater numbers and more dangerous enemy types somewhere on the map, and while it may seem that the enemies never end, it's very possible to come up top, making sure you use sounds, your surroundings, and good judgement on what to pick up and when to your advantage. Thrill of death will also kick in sooner or later, as health pickups ratio to damage potential you receive becomes higher as the game goes on.As it is, the gameplay for the most part is very solid, and has kept me playing and wanting more with every session, there will still be that session every once in a while that destroys you, either because you played a higher difficulty with not so good gear or a poor starting setup overall, or that one encounter that was so stacked against you, there was simply not enough of that one key element, that you needed to work in your favor in that moment to come up top... or sadly, the seemingly poor net code or proper lag management that requires a good upload speed/performance from the host to not screw you over."
,Recommended,321270,33293434,Posted: 5 July,all,derStuppi,I made a Whatsapp Audio and eated a Banana while playing this Game. Nearly died in RL trough the Teleport Lady Jumpscare and choking by Banana.UNLOVED=I want to die Simulator
76561197960452964,Recommended,321270,29591628,Posted: 30 January,all,Killer Goblin,"Unloved is not a game for everyone.  Some might get bored with the repetitive game play of maze navagation, going down the elevator and repeating, but some might just find the random exploreing, finding, fighting, and fleeing a fun thrill.The game is pretty much standard FPS fare mechanically, familiar gun behavior, familiar moving and shooting and reloading, but personally I find the whole visual and audio experiance well... not ""scary"" the way some things can be, more like, unsetteling. The graphics, while not current gaming quality, do give your enemies a appearance that fills the ""uncanny valley"" appearing humanoid and inhuman both at once. The ruined rooms, strange noises, and anticipation when you open the next door all fit in well eith the game's theme and adds atmosphere.One mechanic of the game, at least in the standard game mode, is that it takes time to pick up items and open doors. Just a few seconds, but with the sounds of mosters about, maybe in the next room, maybe behind you, as you see the progress bar fill as you grab ammo, or health, adds to the feel of the game. It is a mechanic that actually adds to the tension, as grabbing what you need to survive makes you vulnerable, because while you can quit in the middle, things are positioned so that you have no choice to face a wall, leaving your back open.This game has plenty of action, horror, and game modes for frenzy-shooter lovers, to those who prefer a game with more limited resources, to in between."
,Recommended,321270,25805188,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Chaotic Zombie,"This game is  a blast to play, single player or online. Multiple game modes so you can make it a fast paced gore fest, or a slower paced survival horror. You can customize lots of the game elements such as play area, and difficulty also to tailor it to your tastes. Lots of unlockables add to the replay value. I look forward to playing it more!"
,Recommended,321270,25776294,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,VeganZambieBearBaka,"After 3 hours playing this game i fell in love with it, i bought it for my friend and just had a go at it jumping into hell. cannot wait for more locations to come out. P.S wish every monster didnt have a ranged attack like back in doom a lot did but there were melee only monsters."
76561198006570636,Recommended,321270,25860257,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,joe_mag,"I was a little apprehensive about getting this game, but I do love the DOOM series and I thought it'd be great to give this game a try as it is October. I was plesantly surpised on how much I enjoyed this game (even though it can get repetitive). The game itself makes me think of a rogue light (even though I don't think that's what the developers had in mind) with doom as its inspiration.However, I feel like some things could be improved on. The movement of enemies could be a bit more fluent, some of the character designs are more humorous than disfigured or horrifying, such as the faceless nurse that looks like she has her head stuffed in a turkey, and I feel that it could use more variety in the level choices and Loot/ weapons department. I would love to see a mini-gun introduced and the nail gun changed to look a bit more like a nail gun or something that looks makeshift. Despite the lack of variety, the game is still very fun to me and I am looking forward to future updates."
76561198026599010,Recommended,321270,27079497,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KOORGAHN CHANGE KLEEP!,"Is UNLOVED substantial at the moment? No, that's why it's price is so low. Is what's there good? Hell yes. A roguelike horror FPS could scarcely be better done. Grapics are fugly, but if anything it adds to the mood, making it feel a lot like system shock 2. Gunplay is fast, strategic and entertaining. Guns sound good and hit hard. The ""heat"" system is a great unique selling point, making enemies spawn more the more you interact with items on the map. Suddenly that ammo doesn't look so appealing, do you REALLY need it? I'm excited to see where the game goes, and I'm really glad I jumped on when I did. Find a friend and shoot some monsters with a double barrel."
,Recommended,321270,20510950,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Nap Fiend,"IT'S EARLY ACCESSAnyways, it's like Killing Floor but except of you being some badass super agent who literatly kills demons as his job; you are a recruit on his first day. Have fun!"
,Recommended,321270,23352666,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TenkuLo,"doom and left4dead had a baby.its a badass and called UNLOVED.worth all the money considering you can already play the game like a full game,everything ingame work perfectly and with a cool character progression and customization you can already play the game many hours and have much fun."
,Recommended,321270,32790511,Posted: 25 June,all,Norbert No Bacon,"Fun Doom inspired horror game, especially so in co-op with a few friends. Hopefully the dev will improve engine optimisation and also add more to the game to make it even bleaker! Recommended purchase, especially in a Steam sale!Update: Been playing for a couple of months now, still not bored, great fun with friends, engine has been optimized and game tweaked in a recent update 1.0.8c. Well worth the purchase. Still hope for extra weapons/maps/monsters in the future though. Great game!"
,Recommended,321270,19556284,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,philrock,I really like this game. It just seems to be getting  better and better. Thanks for the controller support!
,Recommended,321270,32739212,Posted: 24 June,all,Tenryujin,:(
,Recommended,321270,33021371,Posted: 29 June,all,oldman22,"So, I just finished my first match.I started playing alone, at first it wasnt sure what to do, but I figured out.It started to get boring, then...A player joined. And I got to say, I had more fun!Playing this alone can be boring, so play with your friends!Because there are no servers, I was the only one, lol!"
,Recommended,321270,30819862,Posted: 29 March,all,TheSillyBoy,"I prefer to play co-op, but I'm a puss <3"
76561197992839422,Recommended,321270,33806407,Posted: 26 July,all,The Murder Dog,One of the few games that will actually make me jump. Intense and to the point. Cant recomed enough.
76561197978775928,Recommended,321270,25895728,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,blackfox793,"Played this game for the first time today. Racked up half an hour of game time and did record it (link at the end of this review).Overall, a very creepy game with very good atmosphere and graphics. And the sound really helps add to both the tension (Where is that monster that's making noises?) and the action (I hear a small army coming toward me! RUN!)However, the big knocks on it are the large amounts of monsters that respawn (which might be attirubted to the difficulty level I was playing on) and the stuttering that the mosnters had. Sometimes, a monster would be walking toward you, then suddenly shoot past you. That's kind of jarring.Overall, I'd give this an 8.5/10. It's a good game with a really creepy atmosphere, best played alone and in the dark. The sounds are very creepy as well, adding to the atmosphere of the game.  I think I need to try different difficulty levels...and be able to pause to actually catch my breath...to give this game a higher score than that.Link to my video (non-monetized):https://youtu.be/XRHZkTUO1aE"
76561198030604456,Recommended,321270,25833330,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,sidd_artha,"Fun. Simple. If you like Doom, and you like horror games like Silent Hill, you'll probably like this. That being said, the game needs more content. It seems more like a prototype than a complete game. Thus far, it has only four levels and no boss battles, with each level containing the same monsters and activities. As you complete areas and gather trinkets, your character levels up and becomes more powerful, enabling you to take on higher difficulty settings. What's here is very solid, and I hope the developer(s?) realize what potential this has if they just keep going with it."
76561197966283016,Recommended,321270,25879329,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Doggystrike,"After owning this game for a few months, I have to say I feel my money was well spent on this game and i have enjoyed my time playing it so far.This game is perfect for people who like old 1990's first person shooters. It's fast paced, its relatively basic to understand how to play, and it has randomized levels.I would reccommend this to someone who has played the old Doom, Hexen, Heretic, Strife, Wolfenstein 3D franchises.When buying this game, understand that this is a HARD game. In the beginning it is hard, and even when you are in the highest levels your character can be this game is still very hard and challenging which i like. You have to learn the mechanics of what can screw you over in levels, but in time you learn along with other players in this game.I have found the community of this game to be relatively small, but those of us like myself who continue to play it find people who are very friendly to play with over and over each night.For a game created by one person with inspirations from the Doom 2 Mod, if you're looking for a challenging first person horror shooter i would give this a go. I love this game and i'm thankful i was able to find it on the Steam store the one night i was randomly browsing, it gives me the nostalgia of playing the Old Doom Games on CO-OP back in the day."
76561197970639512,Recommended,321270,25879190,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Warlok,"Unloved is a supremely playable bloody, fast-action fps with cooperative play for up to four players. Its obvious inspiration is DOOM II, both in weaponry/flow and mood. The networking seems solid, the randomized challenges are engagingly tough, and the long-term progression of your abilities (i.e. weapon characteristics) offers rewarding experiences for a long time to come. It plays better than some of the preview videos may look. Worth a shot, especially for the price.Will be putting many hours into this with friends."
,Recommended,321270,25885674,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Glenny✪,When i saw this game on store.. it looked like a lot of fun.. When i start playing it i was a bit lost and clueless to what i do.. but after a few games in you get the idea! At first when i thought this game will be massive.. It's not at all.. which helps out all the dudes out there with slow internet! I really liked the style in this game and especially the  game got inspired from the Doom games. I really liked the idea with the trinket system though as it's something new compared to other games that rely on how many you killed. I was frightened at first but then i adapted to it.. (Nah i'm lying i still♥♥♥♥♥♥myself from seeing a pop up nurse at my back when i pick up an ink bottle!) :) I saw a lot of people saying such negative stuff about this game and taking advantage of how it is.. and some even compare it to nowadays games.. and that just annoys me. I think Unloved is a unique game that has a lot of potential in future to be the perfect game. I noticed the community is available most of the time just in case if things do get ugly or if you're confused or lost.So what are you waiting for? If you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and survive then go pick up this game already!!!
,Recommended,321270,33342624,Posted: 7 July,all,Panana Beel,"I recommend this game only if you're playing with other people. The graphics are great, multiple guns to choose from, each AWESOME to use more distinct than the last. And the monsters are quite scary with their own abilities (speed, damage type).As a solo experience, the game grows repetivive fairly quickly. I would still recommend for solo play if you are hardcore into FPS/horror games, as this is a great title to have in the library."
76561198082022479,Recommended,321270,19694522,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,CRYTEK063,i love this game
,Not Recommended,321270,25775464,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"Its simple, I don't knowingly play with cheaters and I dont play games that leave me feeling cheated. Due to the insults Blue more than willingly offered me I removed the game from my library as well."
,Not Recommended,321270,33451586,Posted: 11 July,all,HydroQuarintine,its a good game and all but hardly anyone plays it
,Not Recommended,321270,25825848,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,squeezit,"Artstyle is alright i guess, but doesn't feel like anythingnew or fresh at all. Guns, monsters, darkness, blood, shoot and reload, objective, random seed maps. $14.99. Even the current sale is high, make it less than $5 at least."
76561197988001805,Not Recommended,321270,28894429,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Belgarath,"Thought i may like it, and it's certainly not bad at all. I just don't like the whole kill something turn your back & guess what something else has spawned behind you.Apart from that, it looked and played decent. But I'm an old man i can't be fkd checking my back every 5 seconds.Don't let this turn you off though, as if you can handle the spawning you will probably like this game."
,Recommended,321270,21429818,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Showdonn,"I haven't been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this hard by clowns since my 10th birthday.Really though, with what there is so far the game is functional and enjoyable if you like an action shooter that incorporates tension (picking up items when you think it is safe as well as enemies that speed-dash to you) and a disturbing atmosphere/enemy designs.While it may not look the best in terms of visuals (the level design while randomized lacks any further detail beyond some furnishings) the gameplay I feel makes up for it in its current state."
76561198009974621,Recommended,321270,28625446,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Gnome Chimpsky,"One of those (semi) hidden gems on steam. Perhaps best described as Brutal Doom meets Killing Floor, for the first few minutes of playing you'll probably go ""what the ♥♥♥♥ did I just buy..."" The game has an insanely dark and oppressive atmosphere and the graphics look primitive yet gorgeous at the same time. But then you get what the developer is going for and you realize that the gameplay is damn fun, weapons are satisfying and that there's actually quite a bit of depth to the game. And it's cheap. Can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,321270,28244957,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,notheckmejerry,"This game is very intense in design and atmosphere, although the graphics are less than perfect other than Unreal Engine 4's lighting effects which blur out the roughness of the models, the unnaturalness of the enemy movement adds to the fear of sighting an enemy. The worse part is hearing a scream behind you and realizing a creature snuck up on you without knowing causing you to be killed instanly on higher difficulties."
76561198007389392,Recommended,321270,25803862,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TheGhost,Loved it ^^
76561198041823514,Recommended,321270,20477137,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Fast Normal,♥♥♥♥♥my pants Doom finally got scary :)!!!!!!!!!!
76561198250387326,Recommended,321270,23478177,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,El Let my nuts hang on em,GAME IS SO GOOD 69/10 WOULD BANG
76561198020784501,Recommended,321270,17720418,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Concat999,"I belive this game does have plenty of potential like the developer stated, and I honestly agree. Thing is I did purchase this knowing I wouldnt be getting much nor that the game will be finished but I wish to support the developer because It seems like a good game at its core. Just once its ironed out and polished with new features. What I would like to see is new guns first then the maps and other content. Just try and make it as deep of a game as you see fit :P but for the potential buyers buy at your own risk. Other then the fact that it is shallow right now i say its worth it."
,Recommended,321270,24338426,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Big Smoke,"I've played about 3 hours offline in addition to what is listed on Steam.UNLOVED is a really enjoyable experience, if not a little barebones.While it is listed as a co-op game, it's 100% playable by yourself, so don't be alarmed when you see how few servers there (currently) are.It reminds me of old-school Doom, in the sense that you have to find these circular symbols (UNLOVED equivalent of keycards) which unlock doors of the corresponding color. While progressing through the randomly generated level, you have to keep a close eye on your health, ammo, and armor, and be on the lookout for items.One thing I really like is how the dev did the time length of picking up items. When you want to pick up, say, a pistol clip, you have to stand still and hold ""E"". It takes just long enough so that you can't loot a room filled with monsters, but it's just short enough so that it doesn't get in the way of the flow of the game.The movement and combat also feels REALLY good in this. The Super Shotgun has some real weight behind it, every weapon has an alt-fire (right click by default), and it feels good to circle around groups of baddies and pick them off. Did I mention that, also like Doom, you move pretty fast in this?One thing I'd like to see in future updates is some polishing on the design of each room.You see, the levels are randomly generated by connecting several different styles of room (large room with stairway, room with shelves and a table, etc.) through doorways, some of which are locked. But if you look at each room individually, there's not too much detail to each object. Maybe if the dev fleshed out the rooms and their objects more (create some interesting looking curves and edges on the legs of the table, for example) then it wouldn't feel quite as bland.If you have the cash to spare and don't want to wait, get it at full price. But if you're not sure you'll stick with it through the whole developement process, then wait for a sale (I'd say about 20-30 percent off).Really fun game, and I'm looking forward to the upcoming town update."
76561198019333163,Recommended,321270,17699608,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,SeriousLogan,"this is the first time in a long time a game has genuinely scared me with me still having the ability to fight back, but this game still has its issues.Positives+scary+feels satisfying to kill alot of enemies quicky while the monsters can still easily kill you+nice soundtrack+feels like doom and killing floor had a child, and abused that child until he felt UNLOVED (heeeeeeh)Needs work-more weapons, of course-more monsters, of course-more characters-random generation needs work^i walked into a room, and all the props in the room were the same texture as the wall, concrete gray, it doesnt ruin anything, considering how it was a small room, but i would have to find a big room with lots of concrete propsNegative-unreal engine 4^ i feel like Paul might have an easier time with unreal engine 5, i might just be an idiot for saying that, but i've personally used 5 and designing levels in it is game design for dummies.-picking items up^you interact with things like you do in payday, standing still and with a timer while holding E. this is a problem when you run out of ammo and you have enemies chasing you, you need to hope to god you dont take too much damage while picking something up. it doesnt feel very true to its doom roots, but i can see how it could be needed in  multiplayer.-the fool^the fool feels very out of place, not because hes human, but because he doesnt have alot of animations and the art style used to make him is out of place. seriously, he looks like belongs in trouble in terrorist town.over all, i feel like this game is dope, and has serious potential, but it still has its issues, everyone should give it a try, its only 15 dollars, you can make that easily at work, easy to make on the steam market with the right game (team fortress), and isnt too high of an amount for asking mommy and/or daddy for money as long as you dont show them what you're buying."
,Recommended,321270,17697634,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,The Dank Knight,"fun game with randomly generated levels. multiplayer is pretty decent. level system is different. this game also brings back that oldschool three-keys-to-win play style. all in all, buy it!"
,Recommended,321270,17690171,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Firelife Games,"This game is awesome, I have only bought it yesterday and only played an hour to it is awesome!The challenge is difficult (even on easy)The weapons and supplies are not easy to findAnd the idea of the randomly generated make it hard to get used the new map layout8/10a bit to difficult at parts, could turn down enemy sawnings."
,Recommended,321270,17691784,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Count,A fun simple but challenging shoot em up with mechanics based off doom.
76561198006653128,Recommended,321270,17703433,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ssfsx17,This is like if Silent Hill was turned into a roguelike FPS action game.
76561198135649885,Recommended,321270,17704976,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,KGCEpic,"It's an awesome game even in the easiest mode after a while you can still be overwhelmed by the monsters if you're not careful.Of course the overall gameplay isn't the smoothest i had trouble with mouse sensitivity even though its adjustable i just couldn't get smooth movement on the mouse, also when being attacked and your hp gets low the screen turns too red and you're unable to see anything, another thing the AI needs a little work monsters sometimes ignore you and other times just stand there doing nothing.Other than those things it's generally an awesome game and definitely had fun playing it and also got a few scares from creatures creeping up on me. So far i give it a 6.5/10 with room for a much higher score.I played it on my channel athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv2B1SjO_rQ"
,Recommended,321270,30951090,Posted: 4 April,all,Jesse James,"Not bad for an indie game, which are usually crap and just take up precious disk space"
76561198109230753,Recommended,321270,25879064,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,DemonikAn6el,Played for less then an hour. What is this unholy demon game im playing.
,Recommended,321270,25877900,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Krush,Love it!
76561198088138388,Recommended,321270,26192391,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,The Erudite,"You play as a guy who based upon how he is dressed, obviously drives a 2007 Subaru WRX and runs around collecting what I can only assume is child pornography and ink for tattoos."
,Recommended,321270,25909086,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Oxibot,"Get it now. Grab your friends. Pick your game mode and be ready to laugh your asses off. So glad I stumbled across this game, and I hope the dev recieves as much recognition as he honestly deserves. This is a solid game and there's plenty here to keep you coming back for more. It can get brutal at times, so definitely one for those who like a challenge. Feels like a mash up Left4Dead, DOOM (ofc), and a dash of Painkiller.If you need further convincing, here's a highlights montage of me having a blast:https://youtu.be/mqwr97qJsWc"
,Recommended,321270,33845536,Posted: 27 July,all,Kenji,Very good
,Recommended,321270,19457810,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Crow Knight,"THIS GAME IS REALLY SCARYLIKE NOT JUMPSCARE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SCARYNO, LIKE EXTREME TENSION SCARY, LIKE OH MY GOD WHAT WAS THAT NOISE IS IT AN ENEMY OH♥♥♥♥♥♥IT'S MAKING A RUN FOR ME ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥Great game though, 9/10"
,Recommended,321270,21633616,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Schiz0id,this is how sane this game is:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sC0cvwnG0Ik10/10
76561198004866735,Recommended,321270,20130232,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Hystricidae,"My first impression with this game was:- I started the game- Was on the first floor- Defecated myself- Cried- Screamed and cried- Can never play it again, because of the PTSD which I gainedIt is a great game, thumbs up even in EA."
,Recommended,321270,23956286,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Black White,"Fun, brutal, challenging, fast-paced and merciless. Taking divine intervention into your own hands has never been so pleasurable.We simply need more guns."
76561197997953360,Recommended,321270,25986561,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,NoctisLK,the game is great but if we could drop weapon or ammo on the ground or on the floor while in game it will get much more betteralso if it could put a boss or something when someone started to activate the blood machine not just monster wave it would be nicesome suggest about the storyline that even though we know more about the story there is no different while we playinganywayI mean you could add more different monster when the host unlocked few memoriesi think that will make players could get into the story moresorry about my english hope you could know what I'm asking
,Recommended,321270,26411528,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,"I absolutly love this game. But, every time I am almost done with finishing a level, I crash from lack of memory. if you can optimize it to use less RAM, that would be much appreciated!"
,Recommended,321270,26532710,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Darkness Dragon Slayer Mage,"10/10, should also get your friends to play the game if you want to do Co-Op"
,Not Recommended,321270,25793048,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,6 Pounds of Shrimp for .99 Cents,"This is really bad, like the environment is fantastic but all the enemies feel the same, the guns all feel light and boring. I feel so floaty and don't get any joy from killing enemies. It's very dull. I'd rather play the new Doom game because at least that feels like it has tight controlls and I feel powerful when I kill my enemies. I give it a 4/10."
,Not Recommended,321270,25851300,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Aperture Kills,"Bleh... Where do I start?This game is pretty unrefined. To be fair, it was only made by one person.However, it goes both ways... To be fair, it should not be compared to Doom and Killing Floor, two very refined and well-planned games.The game looks and plays pretty awfully. The controls are a little wacky for the style of the game, everything is SUPER dark to the point of not really being able to see even where your flashlight is pointing (unless you want a white filter over everything), and everything is so sparse that one player will almost always end up having to defend the other.That being said, about 10 minutes or less into each multiplayer game I tried hosting, my game crashed. So there's that too.So, to be fair, it's an alright premise, and sparsity of weapons wouldn't be a problem if everything else were better planned and worked properly. However, for a full release, it just doesn't make the cut."
,Not Recommended,321270,25793610,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,anarch,i dont really know what to say but wait. i can tell the creators spent alot of time on this game and i really respect that but its just so bad. the videos are misleading and so are the screen shots. i guesse its kind of fun but its just bad it has to clunky gameplay for me. came out on my birthday which was pretty cool.
,Recommended,321270,17656039,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,gamerstu,"Was expecting more of a linear, predictable singleplayer game, instead got more of a rogue like dungeon crawler. Not sure why you have to press and hold e to pick items up. This seems very unbalanced especially considering enemies move 4x faster than you. The pace of picking up items should be much faster. To make this a better game, I would also recommend adding dual pistols/guns when picking up two of the same weapons."
76561198064899882,Recommended,321270,25858733,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,𝖂𝖊𝖍𝖗𝖜𝖔𝖑𝖋,Like a taste of blood and dysthymic disorder in the mouth.
,Recommended,321270,25859541,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Alexandr,"It's like Killing Floor and Left 4 Dead had a spooky, fast-paced baby. Definitely would recommend playing, especially with friends."
76561197991969216,Not Recommended,321270,33196785,Posted: 3 July,all,Egosa-U,"It looks fun to play but it isnt. But first lets start with the good things:There are options to turn of headbobbing and motion blur which make me sick.The gameplay is pretty simple: run, collect, shoot, open, repeat..And now the points which made me redeem my purchase (even with 66% discount):Every pickup takes time (about 3-5 seconds) which doesnt sound much when reading, but gets annoying pretty fast.The view is like viewing through a toiletpaper roll - the screenshots of the game are lightened up pretty much to distract the buyer.The map-view is junk: You cannot judge where you are going or you came from.Map-parts are too often repeated which causes the player to loose the orientation.All monsters are 1- to 2-hit-kills, spawn randomly everywhere without any noticable triggering.Too much armor, random weapons, ammunition, health.Sadly, its not that good to be kept."
76561198057966836,Recommended,321270,17663616,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,HafKaf,"I was expecting it to be a short single playthrough due to only 1 area...BUT MANNNNN WAS I WRONG! I cannot stay off of this game! I find just as much if not more joy in this than the original mod for DOOM and that is saying something! The only downfall at the moment is the number of people online, but with skill single player is easily playable :Dhttps://youtu.be/srMv6Geb8Eo"
,Not Recommended,321270,32750553,Posted: 24 June,all,NeuroSerpens,"Despite being a kiiiinda nice horror game (which is a genre that's lacking in my opinion) this game has several flaws:1 - It gets old fast. The replay value is low.2 - Game physics are quirky as ♥♥♥♥. Colision is very strange as enemy and player reaction to damage is ultra weird and you don't even have fine grained control over movement. You press a button for a quick fraction of a second and the character is always doing these little ""smoothed out"" slides / glides as if the ground is made of ice. Even old Quake games could do better. This must be one of these readymade configurations in modern game engines people are too lazy or too incompetent to configure.3 - Almost every environment interaction (if not every single one) takes at least a bit of time and for some interactions this is stupid. I get that filling a machine with blood takes time and it makes sense, but to grab a ♥♥♥♥ing key and such? Do you have to focus and stare at keys to make them float to your pocket using telekinesis or something? I don't. I usually just run by it and insta grab it with my hand.4 - Graphics are strangely mixed / garbled. Some parts of the game show it's been made with a modern game engine, but others look like they're from the 90's. My guess is the developer used some good readymade assets from the engine and modeled the crap ugly ones. So at times I get mixed feelings and immersion broken by the retro stuff that shows up randomly (like the fireballs for example). Also if you ask me, the game would be much better without fireballs. These silent hill like monsters casting fireballs is kinda stupid.5 - It needs optimization. Especially on the lights. Check how the lights have been very badly developed by leaving your fps counter on and check how many fpses just the flashlight drops by being on.Now a tip: The game has a cheap system of spawning enemies proportionally to the number of environment interactions and it throws a lot of items around and much more doors than needed so you'll screw yourself up. Considering around 80% of items are garbage and the rest is not really essential, you're safer just interacting with crests, mission items and only needed doors. It will also help since enemies don't open doors, so you can make them walk predictable paths.So... Only grab this on a sale. This game is worth like... maybe 2 dollars. It's one of those games which would be a thousand times better without a lot of stuff, but the dev decided to increment with useless crap and turned it into a weird patchwork."
,Recommended,321270,33560185,Posted: 15 July,all,GrizzlyOne95,"I played a round of unloved and have to say its pretty fun!The biggest pros i think are the replayability, with the random levels and  mutiplayer.  The gore is  decent,  though the models and  textures  look more like  from 2010.The game physically runs great, i had very consistent performance with no crashes.This is a pretty creepy game too...i mean, you have to fill up blood machines to escape. Yikes. The monster sounds are also pretty disturbing.Cons... the game is really dark, there is no story or even logical reason why these random blood machines allow you to escape either. Aged looking graphics but not awful by any means.Overall, pretty good."
,Recommended,321270,34717657,Posted: 3 September,all,Bozzy,"This is NOT Unloved the Doom 2 WAD at all, it plays nothing like it and captures nothing the original does, if you want anything like the frankly amazing Doom 2 WAD then please do NOT buy this, However if you look at this game as a new game thats not based on anything else then its a good game, its one of those shooters where you solo (though more dull solo) or with a group of players online (friends recommended) drop into a few procedurally generated levels where you have to get 1 key to unlock the next area then another key to unlock the next area etc until you finally get to escape while monsters continually come at you finding weapons and ammo spawned in the world, its solid at doing that, its nothing special and breaks no ground but it is solid enough, if you have 2 or more friends to play with its about an 8/10 for me or 6/10 alone. so 7/10 overall but id give it 6/10 for being misleading with the attachement in the description to the Doom 2 WAD cause it shares nothing with it but a name."
76561198137298709,Recommended,321270,28265285,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Good N' Dead,"Killing enemies feels great in this game. Atmosphere is dark and gritty, gore splashes around everywhere. The sounds are well done. This game would benefit greatly if it offered 5 or 10 more maps."
,Recommended,321270,28611388,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ahoa,"Delivers what promises, yet simple."
,Recommended,321270,21028047,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,pyxx,vei spooky gaem. i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.
76561198073529601,Recommended,321270,33777067,Posted: 24 July,all,Smitty Bacall,Scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ not that hard though. It's an alright outta 10
,Recommended,321270,25218156,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ribo Zurai,In this game you tread in the dark and knee-deep in your own madness in a maze looking for the exit. Recommended if you enjoy randomly-generated shooters.
76561198127506968,Recommended,321270,19991360,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,shaheer_jack,When the game will be finish?
76561198117138574,Recommended,321270,19662639,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Nagito Komaeda,
,Recommended,321270,29357262,Posted: 19 January,all,Yar,"You get what you pay for. First time playing it, still gotta try co-op."
76561197993550002,Recommended,321270,21511907,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Baron von Meddlhausen,"The unofficial Hello Kitty Simulator, you will feel like a p_ussy as soon hell breaks loose.. (=^.^=)"
76561197995040938,Recommended,321270,17678507,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Satanic I Swede #Clumsy,Well the creatures does not seem to love me.10/10
76561198098928659,Recommended,321270,17652210,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Dr. Adamantium,"Although this game is really fun, i feel as if it is more of an action game than a horror game, however i have been looking for a god game to play with friends and it was really fun to play, there were a few small glitches for me such as bodies glitching in walls and issues picking up items but these are things that i am sure will be resolved in the near future.If you would like a greater understanding of what the game is like i have made a video where you will be able to see the main objectives of the game and what you can expect to encounter during your own experiences:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qC9Z4ndF2E"
76561198186302567,Not Recommended,321270,29200607,Posted: 12 January,all,LadyRAGE,"did not like it. the trailer looked like itd be an awesome game till i actually played it and it was awful..i immediately after thirty minutes of playing it, requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,321270,22107292,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,that's what she said,"Early access is over. Excuses are over. Nothing has changed since original review. Devs added new map and weapon and called it a day.TL;DR: The game is awful amateur trash that looks, sounds and plays like amateur trash. Multiplayer it dead for obvious reasons. The game is at 'proof of concept' stage while being pushed out of the door.An FPS made by Doom2 modder.Rogue-lite FPS with horror themes. Blocky, ugly convoluted mess of extra-amateurish production levels, filled with issues and ton of design flaws. Feels more of 'proof-of-a-concept' filled with placeholder everything than actual game, but that's Early Access for you. Enemies and chars (and even furniture) mostly have low quality models with polygons sticking out of everywhere textured like it's UV mapping is broken. Useless UI (especially map, which is extremely important for randomly-generated game), ugly menus, looting that brings you to pixel-hunting era. Environment is mostly pitch-black, just sometimes mixed with badly lit rooms. I'm not really the graphics guy, but those art assets are ugly even for me. The game has it's style, but it doesn't feel like it's potential will be fleshed out.There is ton of balancing issues, atrocious pacing, coop like it's '92 with zero coop mechanics (not even scoring system, nothing - like it's Doom2 or something). Game tend to get boring after single playthrough, doesn't matter if it's SP and MP you were playing. The game doesn't has any killer feature while playing on absolutely the same field asSpace Beast Terror Frightwhich had solid design, artistic vision, split screen and god knows what else.Despite that the game is pretty fun for first half an hour due to solid shooting and a lot of gore, sounds are good, music suits the game well and creates mood and atmosphere much needed for horror game. Sure it's a small excuse for one-man-dev-team mess of a game we got here, but I thought it's needed to be noted.Also it's coffee-break shooter that probably won't work on your work PC though, hello UE4The game feels and looks like a FPS made by Doom2 modder: modern rogue-lite and UE4 sit on top of design flaws that FPS games got rid off in a last decade. It's not a homage to long gone era, it's just amateur attempt. Take it or leave it. But I'd rather play Ziggurat. Or wait forKilling Roomrelease and then wait forStrafe.p.s.: I thought I should say. It's not an excuse that it's one-man-dev-team - you can be a legend alone or can be crap boys band and have your year of fame because of PR money - it's all the same for any creative process. This game is 15yo kid's music he makes alone in his garage, he might become a rock-star or part of a great band. But chances are his efforts will be forever unloved."
76561198059424568,Not Recommended,321270,26350365,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[IOP] Asmadeos,"Sadly, I had to refund this game.It has a lot of potential, but the partical effects and sound were very off-putting.The only way I recongnized the fire effect was due to the sound it made, as it appeared as a yellow blob being puked at me.If as a player, you don't mind bad effects, bloby graphics and a ""Hold to pickup"" game machenic, you might enjoy"
,Not Recommended,321270,23385704,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Memes™,"it's not the worst game out there, but this Killing Floor knock-off is just that, but with less features, worse graphics, a doom-like level layout (find keys to progress and open new doors) and it's very lacking. high level monsters spawn from the very start so you're basically pouring ammo into them and then you have to rush around trying to avoid them while you find some more. It's just not fun."
76561198129179856,Not Recommended,321270,31954516,Posted: 25 May,all,Dr.Deadman,"Did I personally enjoy this game? Yes, but I cannot recomend this game. It looks and feels like it belongs in early access, and if it were it may be worth the money as things may improve but as it is this game is the barest of bare bones. If you want a horror arcade fps and don't own any of the DOOM games pick up killing floor instead.If you are like me and like grinding for achievements then I guess you could pick it up on sale and waste a few hours and not feel too bad about it."
76561198120691781,Recommended,321270,17655449,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Eldersumer,I liked this game for being a horor shootemup and a pretty good one at that. With great controls to awesome graphics and persistent enemies NPC's. This game also got co-op mode for you and your friends fun. But this game is an early access game. So don't expect a lote of content and also thare are some miner bugs and glitches. This is a good game for peoplethat like horor and/or shootemups that can be hard but fun. Then this game is for you.
,Recommended,321270,23031475,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Spookyfast Jumperfish,"2/10, not enough clowns gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you"
,Recommended,321270,25862312,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Tatsuhide,God.
,Not Recommended,321270,25860037,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,[DADs]GrimCheaper,"I've played classic Doom, Doom 2 and the Serious Sam franchise. I do not recommend this game here are some of the reasons why;frame drops, crashes, maximising issues, static models, poor optimisation, no server moderation, no tutorial and so-on.I do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,321270,28151452,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Fire_Forged,this game is really dope in a lot of ways. it's very surreal. the whole thing is like a really bad acid trip.. which is bad but it's still an amazing experience. dont play it too much though bc it can make go lunar
,Recommended,321270,25793923,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Liquid,"Came for the horror, stayed for the coop"
,Recommended,321270,33826720,Posted: 27 July,all,Doge-Spielen,Even the..creatures can do hadouken out of nowhere.♥♥♥♥♥♥s scarier than Outlast.
76561197993172532,Recommended,321270,34478412,Posted: 25 August,all,Butthurt Joe™,Its really fun a few rounds with friends
,Not Recommended,321270,20407921,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,teamgtr,"Don't be a mug and fall for the lovely screenshots thinking this is going to be a good game, it isn't save yourself the money. I just can't play a game this bad. The animation is awful, sound effects are terrible, gameplay is poor, map is poor, you start off with a crap gun, shoot anywhere near an enemy and they die. Where is the shotgun, give me something to have fun with, not a dumb pistol. I'm sure the owner of this game has spent a long time on it, but it needs a ton more work before you can justify charging for it. I feel like I just wasted £12 and I'm more angry at myself for falling for the lovely visual screenshots."
,Not Recommended,321270,32729470,Posted: 24 June,all,Woudo,"I came into this expecting a rooty tooty point and shooty on the same par as DOOM2 but what I got was far from it. The controls aren't tight. The hitboxes on projectiles are fat. The monsters are hard to distinguish and coupled with the overt darkness of the game, quickly fade into becoming just a blob at the end of a hallway. Graphically speaking, the game is extremely amateur.I'd say this game has more in common with Horde-mode shooters like Killing Floor where you just fall asleep with your finger on the M1 button rather than linear shooters like DOOM. Definitely don't bother if you're interested in Single-player. Just like Killing Floor, it's a multiplayer-or-bust game.If you're buying this because of the creator's legacy (Unloved.wad), you will be disappointed."
76561198334256705,Not Recommended,321270,25883497,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Elidawg3,Doesn't allow LAN to work! very dissapointed!
76561198102259736,Not Recommended,321270,25879675,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SlasherX440,so when ever i load in this game it crashes my pc is still a few months old and i try doing anything it crashes over and over and over
,Not Recommended,321270,25978367,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Murdoc Moody,"Wow! Hottest new PS2 release of 2016!Like Gore? We got that!Like Violence? We got that too!Better like those things a whole heap, cause that's all you're getting with this game! Probably would have been great if I was 14 and found this in a bargain bin, I'd have probably had a great night playing split screen with some friends, then like many games of the time, your friend wll ask if you a few months later if you still have it, at this point you'll just give it to them, only so it can show up years later for a buck at a second hand shop when the PS3 comes out.This game is not good, it's a harrowing experience,ever wanted to feel like an adult, look at a game and think,""Wow what a waste of time.""This game is that game!This game is what my parents saw every time I was playing Doom 3!The difference is that they knew nothing about Doom 3,I know about this!This is garbage!"
76561198140299850,Not Recommended,321270,18022465,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,foofaraw,"Until recently I recommended UNLOVED, but there are unfortunate issues surrounding its development. If the DEV, Paul Schneider, was as interested as maintaining his game as in maintaining his petulance, this game might easily flourish. But evidence proves his greater interest is in condescenion and one-upmanship over those he should be expressing his gratitude towards, his customers, who have no interest beyond expressing their own independent and heartfelt suggestions. He chooses to see ideas as attacks, no matter how sincere or innocent. That, and the apparently long planned and baffleling concept of calling players “The Fool”, risking life and killing for “trinkets”, which shows a blatant disregard for those seemingly with more regard for this game than he, jealously punishing concerned players daring to express a selfless interest in something he clearly doesn't intend to share. The sad fact is, for $15US and early access, sharing IS included. (That's rather the entire point of early access.)Ignoring reported bugs and issues out of ego is unconscionable (three so far, documented and/or repeatable, and that’s just from me), so for now, I cannot approve UNLOVED. If it’s in development long enough for him to gain the maturity necessary to understand the priorities of game development, I will happily change my rating, but this sort of issue has ruined many otherwise encouraging projects. Still, I’m compelled to consider this still promising game in its own right, for the potential player to consider fairly.With well over 60 hours in UNLOVED, and all but one achievement, I have to say that not only is it a very challenging game (though rather tedious as a whole), it is one of the FUNNIEST games I've played. Rarely have I laughed so much in any game.There are very good things about UNLOVED, and very bad things. Among the bad, that apparently the only way to learn how or why about UNLOVED gameplay is to read reviews written by reviewers who have played older versions, or watch nearly two dozen long and tedious videos by the DEV. He won't tell you much about how to play, and neither does the game. Don't bother asking, no matter what the into screen says. (I presume this condescending attitude is why the player character is named ""The Fool"".)Fortunately most gameplay is fairly intuitive, and as long as what you want, instead of strategy, is to shoot demons or slash them with a knife, you'll be fine. In fact, the most recent upgrade was largely adding blood and squishy sounds to deaths. Unfortunately, despite it's association with Doom II, single player mode is largely disregarded, to the point of including chat mode in single player (presumably so  players can talk to themselves. Told you it was a funny game!)But where UNLOVED really shines in the demon movement. Running around in circles, staring at walls, levitating.....ignoring you entirely. A group of various demon types side by side, performing exactly the same movements as if in a Busby Berkley musical. So often demons are shot in the back when running...away! (Don't sweat it, they're demons!) And when they're shot, embedding through a wall as to be visible on both sides, or the floor, upside down with only a foot sticking up. Sticking to the ceiling by the sole of a shoe. All the while jiggling madly (though dead!), often scooting across the floor or up a wall! (Take a look on the Community Hub page. I've captured as many of these hilarious screenshots as possible.)The humor in UNLOVED is entirely appropriate, considering its source is the classic Doom II, which certainly had its share. This DEV adds to it, with frequent intentional references to the final scene of ""The Blair Witch Project"" (by asking the player to consider ""demon as victim"", ads a new, very interesting dimension.) The Salem Servant character's constant catchphrase is ""Don't Move"", usually while running at high speed, often in the opposite direction. Go ahead and shoot him, there'll be more.....Enjoy UNLOVED for the humor, because that (and the graphics, usually) may be the best part!"
,Recommended,321270,25808945,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Yung King D4ve,MUST BUY
76561197970538611,Recommended,321270,29455750,Posted: 23 January,all,Westenra,"UNLOVED is a first-person rogue-like shooter where you fight through a series of hellish environments, gathering weapons and items to fend off hordes of nightmarish creatures as you search for a series of keys to complete your final objective and return to the starting point.The atmosphere is macabre and the game play extremely gruesome. The monsters are quite disturbing and you will come to identify, with dread, which one is nearby based on the idle sounds they make. This is a shooter that harkens back to the 90's fare like DOOM, with its fast paced gunplay and horde-style enemy encounters. Areas are separated into ""cells"", interconnected squares on your minimap with each square containing any number of rooms and passage ways with a set of double doors on each side of the square that is either a dead end, a passage to another cell or a door locked by a key. These cells are often very similar in design but their arrangement is random from match to match as is the placement of items within them.The most interesting-- and exasperating-- aspect of UNLOVED's game play is the tug-of-war style procedural difficulty. Each round begins almost monster free, but the more items and weapons you pick up, the more doors you open, the closer you move toward a threshold wherein enemies will begin to spawn in increasingly greater numbers and more aggressive enemy types. This makes the act of resource gathering extremely tactical and your decisions all the more crucial, depending on the difficulty setting and game mode you selected before the match. Which weapons should you pick up? What kind of ammo, and where? Is it worth that extra health kit or armor vest? Is it worth that random weapon mod? The further you progress, the more you are punished. No enemy wave is endless, but will you be able to survive it with your current ammo, or will you risk picking up a clip and making the horde even bigger? Choose wisely.UNLOVED's levels are scattered with special items that let you craft ""trinkets"" between missions, equipable gear that boosts certain aspects of your load out and combat effectiveness. You can craft, modify, and sell these for reusable materials. There are items that also let you unlock ""stories"", schizophrenic scribblings that have little to no relevance to the game experience. Lastly, everything you do either adds to or subtracts a resource called ""karma"", which increases your ""rank"".I had a lot of fun with this game, 40 hours worth, before it overstayed it's welcome. Therefore I'm going to disperse UNLOVED's negative aspects into a series of straight-forward bullet-points rather than rambling on about how the game could be improved.-Crouching and jumping are completely useless.-Environments are almost completely flat.-When you pick up a new weapon, you have to load it before you can use it, which is stupid.-Leveling up has no effect on your character other than title.-Most items are so tiny it's a pain to pick them up in a hurry as you struggle to center your crosshair.-Why is the main character model a dude in a suit and tie?-The developer named the game UNLOVED as an allusion to his DOOM mod of the same name, even though they have practically nothing in common. Why not just give it an original name?Overall I would recommend this game to old-school shooter enthusiasts who have a soft-spot for rogue-like game mechanics and anti-PC levels of gore. There's co-op, so bring a friend. What have you got to lose, besides your sanity?"
,Recommended,321270,33845626,Posted: 27 July,all,Abradolf Lincler,worst part. no kick option for those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who feel the need to pick up everything and open every damn door
,Not Recommended,321270,32769488,Posted: 25 June,all,Manthrottle Beefdeath,"Might be fun if the optimization would not be so god awful.But if it works fine, it is easily worth the 4$"
,Not Recommended,321270,31591929,Posted: 6 May,all,UncannyValleyForge,"3edgy5me ;>)All kidding aside, there's the bones of something interesting here, if you can imagine CoD Zombies retooled with Quake 2-style combat (albeit much slower-paced.) What's there now, however, is unchallenging gameplay, repetitive random-gen level design, and the most try-hardy horror aesthetic this side of Todd MacFarlane's sketchbook.If the dev supports better, more complex tilesets, tightens up the challenge of combat and maybe dials it back a little on the art style, this could be a fun distraction. Ways to go before that, though."
,Not Recommended,321270,31177490,Posted: 16 April,all,Switchblade,"its ok single player i guess, but for some reason when i try to play with a freind its messed up , ohh well"
76561198046018226,Recommended,321270,28711103,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jericho,"Warning!!!!there are violent and disturbing images in this game...pfffff     thats what she says... ^^this game has a lot of potential ^^ for the best experience play with friends (more gore)and the multiplayer doesnt really work, or my internet (Bambusleitung) are to slow.in the end really good game!!! SIR!!"
,Not Recommended,321270,17733976,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,clippa,"A tedious ""hunt the objects"" game with some dull shooting thrown in. Nothing more to say. Give this one a miss."
,Recommended,321270,33452377,Posted: 11 July,all,walbyt,better than killing floor 2
,Recommended,321270,25772174,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ProofreadFire,the graphic quality is very nice and the overall mood is very ominous. the fast moving enemies are terrifying and kept me on edge. overall it was a good game for the price ( i got it on sale)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vc8H8X56Pg&feature=youtu.be
76561198008859113,Not Recommended,321270,17955024,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Em0 Par+y,"I've only played a little bit, and I love the sinister atmosphere. Moving around....feels like I'm drunk. Everything blurs when moving. Not sure if it.s the framerate or what. Everything else is pretty good. I'll change my review as issues are addressed."
76561198100965357,Not Recommended,321270,18124948,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,michael,"The game is very boring, repeat repeat repeat. Doing the same thing over and over. Not many rewards, and the game does not give you the indication what you actually suppose to achive. When completed the floor, you are going back to the elevator and just stand there, press the button.... game over. What a waste, now you can do it all over again and again and again......so boring."
76561198005189554,Not Recommended,321270,28296021,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Yavor,"The idea behind the game is great but its implementation is poor. The game crashes often without apparent reason and has numerous other issues the developer doesn't care about even when you submit reports with screenshots.It's also a game with very poor graphics that has an unhealthy, insulting community behind it. It is definitely not worth the money. Actually, someone should pay you to play such a crap. Think twice before buying!"
,Recommended,321270,17654281,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,BEARDSMEARD,Do You Feel Unloved? Try this!http://youtu.be/0rgAO-TlOkA
76561198062085771,Not Recommended,321270,31554708,Posted: 5 May,all,matt19852085,Very disappointing I expected a lot better stick to Painkiller much better design and gameplay.
,Not Recommended,321270,17652465,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,GameDogLP,"I can see how some people might get some enjoyment out of this game, but this by no means is a good game. They have some good things in the game like level progression some gun mods and trinkets but the simple fact that the game can't stay full screen, multiplayer doesn't work or no one's playing it, the texture and game are so blurry it gives me a headache, and the gameplay gets repetitive in the first 5 mins of the game. So for 15 dollars I can't recommend this game maybe if it was 6-7 bucks it would be a better value, but don't take my word for it give it a watch. Thanks XDhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U9pjuNbArU"
,Not Recommended,321270,22883885,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,therealmogwai,the game gets old really fast and theres not much to do3/10
,Not Recommended,321270,30695065,Posted: 23 March,all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,5€ for this?Gameplay:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=890385550
76561197970479197,Not Recommended,321270,17705670,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,dfaugust2k,"looks cool, gets old real fast"
76561198025573529,Not Recommended,321270,25813801,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Peen-san,worst 10 bucks ive ever spent
,Not Recommended,321270,17689162,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Arvway,"It's an okay game. It definatly has a scary atmosphere, however there isn't much of a story. More of a multiplaye game than single. I would recommend this is you would like a cheaper lan party game so your friends can get some thrills, however if you're a gamer who wants a storyline and have a doom3 feel. This game isn't for you."
,Not Recommended,321270,25792353,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,labtob,do not buy this crap.
,Not Recommended,321270,19290955,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,The General,This game is UNLOVED.
,Not Recommended,321270,25812276,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ragna,"No way you can love this game.Maybe that is the reason of the game.Bought , half a hours later refund.Horrible experience.Game does not have a story mode , it´s only a battle arena for multiplayer.Bad graphics , infinite enemy respawn.A total mess.Why having doom on my library I bought this , is beyond reason2/10 horrible"
76561197974919927,Not Recommended,321270,30689191,Posted: 23 March,all,-TC-,"AVOID! Im honestly suprised at the praise this game has.Pros --Simple spray and pray gameplay-small downloadcons--awful graphics and animations-clumsy movement-very small amount of people playing-repetitive-every level pretty much the same-not scary in the slightest-Bad sound effects-complicated menusMany better games out there, many of which are free to play, which is what this game should be. Feels clumsy and half heartly made. Like its made so dark to hide the shocking textures. The videos of the game are misleading in my opinion and even the description. It annoys me that things like this get made and then sold on here, its that bad!"
,Recommended,321270,17650115,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,AfterDeath,Yes!Yes!Yes!Yes!Yes!Yes!Must buy for any Horror fan
,Not Recommended,321270,25812682,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,@eSportDjango,IT STINKS!
,Not Recommended,321270,17650548,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Sonofsono,"So this game promises you lot of thing but when you play this more than 20 minutes you realise how much this game repeats it self.It si full of glitches and lacks features that it promises:- Enemies clip through walls, teleport and sometimes they dont even register hits.- Random generation... well I played what I played and saw same rooms copy pasted all over again.- Ragdoll physics work sometimes but sometimes they fly cross the room and glitch in walls etc.- And I have played Doom long time ago and I still would pick original Doom instead of this game.- And all fanboys go and play this game and make your own review and state you opinion there.I know it is ''Early Acces'' but it is still bad.PRAISE LORD GABEN FOR STEAM REFUND.Mabye this game is for you mabye it's not.I advice you to buy better game that gives you more gameplay hours.Video from my channelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYO9a1sNNd4"
,Recommended,321270,30708941,Posted: 24 March,all,Ms Mitz,"A little bit of old school Doom and a little bit of Killing Floor rolled into a cheap and fun game. With multiplayer thrown in as a bonus you cannot go wrong, especially during a sale."
76561198009645745,Recommended,321270,18510764,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Zefhuro,"A pretty good game so far. The ambiance and horror elements are there, and it relates a lot to Killing Floor in my opinion but different in that it definitely focuses more on the horror vs just action run & gun. I haven't played it with others or friends, so this is all based on solo experience. There is definitely areas that need improvements, which I am sure and hope the devs are already working on them. And the lady things remind me of Nurses from Silent Hill, which I have gone on to call them haha. Checkout my video to see my impressions.https://youtu.be/jS-534rE1YI"
76561198043111876,Recommended,321270,18421835,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,BrucieBC,"Amazingly gory! This game scares the hell out of me every time I play, love it."
76561198015104170,Recommended,321270,18419224,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,GENO,"this game is just for me, the disturdbing enemys with there blood spilling when i shoot em up. the trinket system i love and colours are a awesome feature 10/10 amazing game"
,Recommended,321270,18117235,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Magni Bronzebeard,"Check for redundant code, there are clipping and framerate issues, as well as uncontrolled variables floating around in whatever language your programmers decided to use.  The game is fun, it's bloody, and Killing Floor-esque, if not repetitive, granted this is Early Access. The UE4 engine is nice, but it's got a lot of kinks to work out (granted it's a relatively new engine). Try and help randomize the encounters, and sometime's the audio isn't syncing properly. Just things to watch out for."
76561198199927482,Recommended,321270,19576681,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,screwysquirrel4,"This game is awesome! Killer clowns,zombie nurses,red fat dudes ,it's like running around in a demonic hellish 3 RING CIRCUS! I LOVE IT!ps, the apartments map looks like my house........... :("
,Recommended,321270,30647547,Posted: 20 March,all,FluffyAngelicFox,"Barely any ""horror"" games are able to scare me, and this one manages to actually do it whever the enemies do that speed dash thing RIGHT AT YOUR FACE. Plus with the all around gameplay I've put into this so far, I'd say it's a really fun little game to play. Props to the dev."
76561198001807994,Recommended,321270,21916195,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Crudux Cruo,"i'm 7 hours in and i'm level 3. i'm still going to town on the demon hordes like its going out of style. I loved the mod for doom so yeah man, get this game. oh, and dont play this game late at night with headphones it'll scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of youedit : here is a review/gameplay i did. watch me get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by clowns!https://youtu.be/BjIy4jtJ1nM"
76561198072694495,Recommended,321270,18952881,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,xenoxols,"I really wish thism wasn't procedurally generated, it takes away most of the charm that the doom mod had. The mod had very well crafted levels that this just doesn't seem to have. That being said, it is pretty nice."
,Recommended,321270,30744248,Posted: 25 March,all,EFIE,"The game itself very scary when you hear growling of monsters behind every door. The laughter... Growling... Uncomfortable for me to hear but it is fun!Too bad, the game crashed in the middle of combat.Anyway, thumbs up to this game! Hope the developer will fix the problem."
,Recommended,321270,27900671,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SoulGamerX,This is really good game i really enjoy playing although i wish they would have campaing base on the orginally mod doom 2 which would be nice but it i still enjoy this game so much keep up the good work developers.
,Recommended,321270,27583911,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rookie,Best played when listening to BFG Division from the Doom OST. Seriously. That track plus this game = Eye and Eargasm.
76561198003086581,Recommended,321270,27431885,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Azlaiel,A decent game with great potential
76561198000854476,Recommended,321270,27481157,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dizzy,"It's dark, bloody, creepy, and I have no idea what's going on.Great game!"
,Recommended,321270,18947232,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"A perfect pick-up-and-play horror FPS. Took me minutes to figure out what the hell I had to do and I had a blast on my very first run. It's a fast paced ""holy crap, I'm totally screwed"" panicky kinda game that will keep you coming for more with every failure (and I play on the easiest difficulty).UNLOVED doesn't want to hold your hand and nudge you through your objective. Nope. It wants to bite your hand off and slap your face with it. If you love old school FPS shooters and indie horror, then you have to give this one a try.The game is now out of early access with tons of options to suit your play style and ability. Well done."
76561198062073020,Recommended,321270,25788379,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Freqdo,Enjoying my time with it so far.Solid FPS dungeon-crawler type game.
,Not Recommended,321270,25817307,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,lackAdaiscal,Cool concept - it is like a fast paced FPS while trying to solve a maze although the game itself totally sucks. There also should be a way to use mics.
,Recommended,321270,30683593,Posted: 23 March,all,I STUDIED THE BLADE,"Boris make good game, very polished - impeccable class of replayability.10/10"
76561198062837128,Recommended,321270,19921432,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Not A Dirtbag,"It's an FPS roguelike horror-gore game. If that sounds good to you then you will certainly enjoy it! It's not unlike Killing Floor. It's a fast fun shooter with a trinket system where you can buy upgrades between games. It's a bit of a grinder, and it seems like not many are playing online, but when you find a couple of friends to play with it's super fun."
76561198059916018,Recommended,321270,30652298,Posted: 21 March,all,Nasonator,"Really awesome game. I love the creepiness of it and is very reminiscent of Doom and Quake but with obviously not as dated graphics. Haven't played with others yet but seems like a good community. Really a new favorite of mine. If you played DOOM or Quake as I did in the 90s; you NEED this game. Trust me, even at full price it's just $10; very well worth it and you DON'T have to play with others if you don't want too. Only con for me so far is the ferocity the demons get near completion of a level. It seems a bit.....much. Also there's only 1 difficulty as far as I can tell; unless the others are unlockable. 9/10 Stars for me."
,Recommended,321270,19996621,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Niroc,"Awesome, especially the co-op!Even at this early stage, it's throughly entertaining. Each play through has a randomly generated map, different objectives and involves worshiping RNGesus. Also, there's game progression through obtaining trinkets which can give you a boost (also reliant on RNGesus). There a lot more depth to this game than appears at first glance, though I wouldn't mind more of an overview at the begining as to what is going on."
76561198042027524,Recommended,321270,19488770,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Madundead,"love it , need more people and more levels diffenatly"
,Not Recommended,321270,25849979,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,your wafiuuu,so far the monsters are vary diverse from..well every horror game in the last decade. its vary dark and atmospheric and spooky at times.how ever the game is vary clunky idk how to describe it i think it still needs a lot of improvement for instance the weapons are vary boring i feel like a game that was inspired by doom or maybe fear etc would not have such generct guns (uzi pistol shotgun) the chaingun and railgun are exception they seem over the top idk if thats what the dev was going for but i feel like there would be more ppl buying this with over the top stuff like idk a blender just food for thought i know this must be useing assists from other games im no game dev so im not saying i could do it better but this feels vary unfinished. the only thing keeping me play this is the many game modes from a super hot mode and classic horror arcade would be so much fun if i did have to click anything to pick up items i can under anyother game mode why thats there but its frustrating i have yet to play the mutiplayer so i might make an update but over all this needs work. also 20 to 15 dollors is vary over priced
76561198003699722,Not Recommended,321270,26725495,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Art Carney,"Definitely appreciate suggestions from the community to possibly enjoy this game more (so great community!) but I truly wish I hadn't wasted the $10 on this... In fact, I'd probably have regretted spending $1 on this - Could've been better used at a gas station toward charity or something. Meh."
