user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,321290,12290696,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Demoiselle,"If pigeons weren't enough, now you can choose between BUNNIES and KITTENS. Well, kind of. Unlike the pigeons in Hatoful Boyfriend, these animals fortunately (?) don't stay animals forever. (I took a bunny with me to the beach; he was not impressed when I put on my $100 dollar bikini, the fruits of MANY nights of labor at the local art gallery. I would've been pretty weirded out if he was.)Animal jokes aside, Dandelion is a lovely, very professionally done Korean visual novel aimed at a female audience. I think this may be the first Korean visual novel on Steam, and it's gorgeous, with fully voiced Korean dialogue and English text. I believe you can set the text to Korean as well. There are five different possible love interests you can pursue at the start, though at the beginning I swear it plays more like a pet raising simulator than anything else. Steambuns instead of Nintendogs, right?But no, there's a mystery that slowly begins to unfold--and eventually romance. With people. Human people, I swear. Just ignore the occasional animal ears. Yes, the $30 price tag may seem very steep to a lot of Steam users accustomed to cheaper alternatives, but before brushing it off, try the demo (available on Steam right here:http://store.steampowered.com/app/323760/?snr=1_5_1100__1100). It doesn't take long to see how much work went into it, and how many visual novels on Steam have extensive voice acting? Not enough! I've only noticed a few small translation errors here and there, but they aren't nearly as common, noticeable, or cringe-worthy as a lot of the freemium VNs' rushed translations on iOS and Android. Overall, the translation is very well done.Hopefully, if Dandelion does well enough on Steam, Cheritz might feel inclined to add Nameless, their latest visual novel set in the same general universe--but with dolls instead of cats and rabbits. Yes, dolls. How can any girl resist?UPDATE after completing all routes, including Jisoo's absolutely TERRIFYING ""bad route"" (totally worth it for the extra CGs!):Yes, I sank 35 hours into Dandelion. Yes, every one of them was worth it. I can't think of another visual novel/dating sim that left me thinking so much after completing it. After completing all 5 routes, make sure to check the bonus content! I was really interested in the mystery behind the story--who left me with these animals and why? The bonus content was the cherry on top of an already delicious sundae--and isn't the cherry sometimes the best part?First, I have to praise the characterization of Heejung. I know most visual novels/dating sims use ""blank slate"" protagonists (sometimes without eyes--creepy!), but Heejung is the most relatable, realistic heroine I've encountered in a while. (I may be biased because I, too, wonder where my mysterious new bruises came from and how expensive it would be to install a TV in my bathroom when I take a bubble bath to raise my beauty and femininity stats in real life.) Who doesn't understand the pressures of ""making it"" and continuously doing things you dread solely to please your parents and loved ones, no matter your culture? Who doesn't fear being left behind?The love interests are fantastic too, and are much more than their archetypes may make them appear at first glance (pretty bunny, baby bunny, snobby bunny, sweet kitty, glutton/pervert kitty), though of course I had favorites. I started with Jihae, whose route seemed like a good one for beginners (just remember to raise some affection with Jieun too!), and ended with Jieun because I was super stubborn about not pursuing a baby bunny. He's a baby! Heejung is a college senior! ...But his route was one of the sweetest and actually had the best ending. Jiwoo's was great too, especially if you've seen as many Korean dramas as I have and can appreciate how the game pokes fun at kdrama clichés. (Those envelopes of money! Candy Cinderella and chaebol romances!)There is a LOT of stat-raising, but if you focus first on raising your Stress/Pressure Relief abilities, that helps a lot, and soon you won't even notice your Stress and Pressure stats raising at all. Make frequent use of Quick Save/Quick Reload if you accidentally poke/show love/feed them fruit in the wrong place (sometimes deliberately...!) and get a bad reaction, or if you can't find the bunny/kitten of your dreams anywhere in the entire apartment.If you're on the fence about getting Dandelion, definitely try the demo first--and then just get it. Unless you really, really hate bunnies and kittens (are you more of a dog and ferret person?), you won't be disappointed."
76561198059960448,Not Recommended,321290,15728231,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Gestalted Rhea,"Let me start by saying that I like this game (obviously, seeing as I clocked 60+ hours on this thing). The various story lines are definitely entertaining with more than one little twist and turn that I honestly wasn't expecting and the characters are surprisingly 3-dimensional despite most of them being cat boys and bunny boys. That's right, ladies; after many long years putting up with the cat girl and bunny girl tropes it is now our turn. But wait, there’s more! Not only do we get eye-candy a plenty, but we also get actual personalities with realistic faults and flaws, (yes, even silver bunny and white bunny have their flaws, though theirs aren't quite as pronounced as the other three's). Even the main character has a personality – or quite possibly a severe mental condition that, in most cases, she manages to overcome without the need for expensive therapy and/or medication (come forth and bear witness to the mighty healing powers of cat/bunny boys!).As for the actual gameplay: It’s pretty much a matter of grinding states to progress the story (mostly by avoiding a bad end). I know some people don’t care much for this aspect, but to be perfectly honest that was one of the main reasons I bought the game (that and Dodger). It does make the game pretty long, I admit, but for me it was kind of cathartic so I don't really see that as much of a downside.BTW: Frequent and blatant abuse of the quick save/load feature is a legitimate part of the game. That’s my story and I’m sticking to it.So I would love to recommend this game. I really would. The story was quirky and interesting, the characters were great, the typos(which are regrettably frequent) are sometimes unintentionally hilarious, the weirdness is prevalent (which I quite enjoy), and the 'true ending' that you get after you complete all the rest was just amazing. I totally fangirled all over this game for quite some time (don't judge me), but after the most recent update I can't recommend it anymore.You see, Cheritz seems to have graduated with high honors from both the EA and Blizzard schools of DRM♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥baggery. This is a graphic novel. Albeit, it is a pretty good graphic novel, but there is, nevertheless, no possible need for it to require, REQUIRE, a constant internet connection. And yet for some reason you cannot play this game in Offline Mode; some people can't even play it when they ARE online because of all the other little addendums and bugs that have come with it. Oh you can do the grinding in Offline Mode, but the moment a cutscene comes up you're pretty much screwed. I honestly can't understand what logical reason Cheritz could have for this. I always thought that Steam WAS the DRM, but now even that's not good enough for you guys? Really?I'm sick of it. I really am. This DRM bullcrap is getting into absolutely everything, isn’t it? Even effing graphic novels. Graphic novels, people! But hey, if you don't have a problem with all that and have a flawless internet connection (obviously you do not have the same ISP as I do, lucky) then go for it! It's an enjoyable graphic novel game. I just wish the company would rethink this entire thing and go back to how it was BEFORE the constant connection was necessary. If it ever does I'll change my recommendation and I'd buy their other game, Nameless, in a heartbeat. But, so far, that doesn’t seem likely to happen. Oh well. Guess I’ll just get over it and move on."
76561198159332836,Recommended,321290,13491502,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kazutori,Didn't get to screw the bunny (Jiwoo) and instead got a trainwreck of emotions 10/10 would cry hard again.
,Recommended,321290,12571508,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Melon,"Well, first off, I have to say this is an absolutely beautiful game. If you’re looking for a subpar dating sim, you will have to look elsewhere, because Dandelion is very well put-together and a blast to play. The graphics are very nice and the characters are interesting and adorable in different ways. The stories for the different boys are very cool to learn about over time and the mysterious voice from somewhere is, uh, very mysterious. VeryI-don’t-explain-anything-but-I-imply-that-there-is-a-huge-background-here-wink-wink-to-those-who-have-played-the-game-enough. So yeah, very mysterious to me. One of the only issues that I had with it was the typos that popped up sometimes, but overall the translation was well done. They did a very good job of maintaining the sweet, giving nature of Heejung while also revealing her struggles and discontent. She can almost seem too placid, but it is understandable, given her past, and as the game moves forward, she does show signs of a backbone as she comes in to her own (thanks, furry adorableness?), which I whole-heartedly approve of.It takes some time to recognize the voices and names (very creative, Heejung…lots of J’s @_@) but once you do, it becomes very easy to know who is speaking during scenes that don’t show faces. The different colors help and the personalities are so unique from one another that it becomes clear pretty quickly. The stat system is very intensive if you want to buff them all out, but the options are cute and for some of the boys, it’s important to max out your stats as quickly as possible. Just think of it as primping and sketching your way to the top. I actually do enjoy the grind, because the little illustrations are cute and it’s nice to become beautiful just by taking a bath. Unfortunately there have been no side effects in real life.The most important thing that you should keep in mind when playing this game is FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS FURRY AND CUTE DONOTTRY TO GAIN HEARTS FROM ALL OF THEM. You may think, ‘Oh that’d be nice to be friends with all of them! I’ll just hang out with everyone and become a more well-rounded person!’ That is the quickest path to a bad ending, except in a few special cases, which I'm sure you'll figure out after a couple of hours of playing.Yes.I was there.Let me lay out the scene for you:There I was on a different guy’s route, when I thought I would go out on the weekend and have a nice, friendly lunch with Jiwoo, you know? Just two buds hanging out and becoming even better friends. Maybe he’d even stop calling me stupid one day! During lunch, he says something about me feeding him, and being the desperate-for-points-and-new-interactions player I am, I chose the ‘Open wiiiide” option, thinking it was a little weird, but hey, I don’t judge friendships. Then he goes and says something about not dating any other boys. And if I were really Heejung, I would have stopped in my tracks and wondered, ‘You think we’re dating?!?!’ But of course, I am not her, and the game just continued on, unmindful to the fact that it had just rocked my world. When I started the game, I thought that Heejung was very oblivious when it came to boys, which was cute but almost a little much. Now, I know the horrid truth. I am JUST asobliviousandstupidabout boys as a main protagonist of a DATING simulator. TT_TTLet’s just say there is one bad ending in particular which is more than a little traumatizing and I couldn’t stop thinking about it last night. On the bright side, they did an excellent job of unobtrusively sliding you into an abusive and very dangerous relationship, with you torn between thinking there is something very wrong, and thinking that it will turn out okay once he calms down.He didn’t calm down.I am still a bit emotionally scarred and I have been hesitant to play his good route (I just need some recovery time…). I recommend you get all the good endings before you try to get the bad endings for completeness—that way you’ll still be able to sleep at night without thinking someone’s going to be hovering over your bed. Following you to the bathroom…not letting you talk to people…scarring the actual player for real…or maybe that’s just me. But, what the heck, do whatever you like!(It’s your funeral)On a completely random side note, I like to pretend that the silver-haired man in the city panoramic scene that pops up once in a while is actually the main protagonist from Persona 4 (just to spice up the scenery for me). Unfortunately, no matter how many times I click on him, he does not become a dateable furball of cuteness. But I can just imagine him as a large darker gray-haired rabbit, majestically lording over everyone in King’s Game. X3 He’d fit right in with Jieun and Jihae!"
,Recommended,321290,32146410,Posted: 3 June,all,demonic_innocents,"Dandelion - Wishes bought to you - is a good game but not the best one from Cheritz. I found the heavy emphisis on stat building to take away from the main story, the story was good and well written. If you can get past the stat building I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,321290,12821299,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"Amazing, amazing game. Finished it within 6 or so hours. I sat glued to my chair the whole time. This has been my favorite visual novel so far. With my first playthough being with Jiyeon..I think next time i will go for Jiwoo. It had emotions in it that brought me to tears a few times. Highly recommend this game to anime/visual novel fans. 15/10."
,Recommended,321290,16317449,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,IveySkull,Ruined my life 10/10
76561198034220790,Recommended,321290,12892272,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MagnificentAurora,"OH MY DEAR SWEET OTOME GOD THIS IS AMAZING! For so very long, even as a girl, I've played dating sims, usually being the guy... but I don't usually expect a good girl version. This was by far the most amazing experience I've ever frickin had! The guys are great (two of which are especially a delicious favorite), one seems adorable but I didn't expect much (BOY did HE ever surprise me!!), and one hard to get but one of the most considerate by the end... the last... uh... just goes to show you shouldn't always trust a cute face but... it was almost too hot to pass up by the end lol The art and transitions are beautiful, the story is in depth, and it even seems to make more sense if you play all the scenarios. That and you get quite involved in raising your stats which matter a lot. The opening theme is seriously AMAZING to listen to. Do NOT pass this up! This is clearly on top of the otome list!"
76561198048872849,Not Recommended,321290,14254245,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,oneIItwee,"UPDATE: After a software update, the game will not let you continue if you are not online. That is a ridiculous restriction due to DRM. Being online does not enhance gameplay at all. Although this game is a wonderful game, I cannot recommend it as it stands. I paid for this game so shouldln't I be able to decide when I can play it and not because it can arbitrarily connect to the servers? Steam itself puts DRM in place so this additional layer by Cheritz doesn't not seem to be needed. Since I travel a lot internet is not always available. The game will repeatedly say it is not connected to the internet so it cannot continue. This is pervasive enought that I have to change my previous yes recommendation to a no recommendation. In addition, I no longer intend to buy their next title because of this issue. No use wasting good money on a game that will not function in offline mode. I think Cheritz should beware of alienating their customers just to put their DRM in place. This kind of thing is becoming more prevalent especially with the big companies such as EA and Ubisoft who are getting reviews based on their cr*ppy DRM software rather than the quality of the game and that is just sad.Previous review when I actually recommended the game.The art is beautiful and bright and the story line for each character is different and very interesting. Because of how much I enjoyed this game, This game is a bit heavy on the stat leveling, which may or may not be your thing. I personally had no objection to it but I did take a peek at the walkthrough available in the community forum to get some initial help. I think the game itself could have a small explanation section for people who are new to this genre and stat leveling in general. But gameplay can be figured out without it.  I thought the conversations with the characters during activities were very entertaining. The main character well presented, interesting and voiced."
,Recommended,321290,13202317,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Athena,"I'm so happy I bought this game, which I didn't expect in when I actually started out.I found this game through a playthrough on youtube and they ended up taking a lot of breaks so I just wanted to know what happend myself and I'm very glad I ended up doing so.Apart from the few translation/spelling errors there really were no issues for me, at the start the resolution did bother me as I couldn't see any option to change it. But the storyline quickly made me forget about that.If you're a bit like me, or just to be safe, I'd recommend keeping some tissues at hand. Since you spend so much time with Heejung and the boy of choice, you can really start bonding with them. I'd say one storyline can range from 4-6 hours depending if you decide to skip some things you've already seen if you're replaying the game with a different boy. The cutscenes at the start are mostly the same if I remember correctly.I'd also like to mention that the art and music are really beautiful together with the storyline.I really recommend this game to anyone that considers it!"
76561198135865194,Recommended,321290,32188186,Posted: 4 June,all,SarcasticHamSandwich,"If you're seeking out a somewhat laid back atmosphere, (somewhat cliche) romance, and a relaxing art style, I would recommend buying this game, especially on sale.Critiques:The stories, aye, are quite cliche. Plottwists are predictable, and anything you might assume to happen in a romance novel happens in this game. I might have adored this in the past, when I was infatuated with anime and romance and I was six years younger. Now, many years later, I've found that I'm not as easily entertained by a ""sexy anime boy."" Therefore, if you do plan to buy this game, understand that the intended audience ranges between 12 to 17 years old; don't expect complexities and don't expect a different type of romance.The heroine is incredibly dim-witted, despite her education. I understand that it's somewhat ""cute"" to have a rather naive protagonist, but this again falls under a rather boring cliche. Body language, atmospheric language, and just verbal language seem to be lost to her. It's a tiresome role to play in a romance, quite honestly.There isn't much variety in dialogue. You usually only have one or two lines to choose from, and you can never escape your naive personality.The stat bars are tedious and feel unnecessary. The activities themselves are designed to stretch out the story, but, at the same time, they do ground you in the reality of the heroine's position; she has work to do and other things to think about besides boys. Therefore, I suppose it's not too much of a critique. It has no great impact on the story, which is my only gripe.Praises:The art style is easy on the eyes, elegant, and clean. Each romantic interest has his own aesthetic, and they differ in fashion and appearance to make for a variety of choices. From an artist's stance, I am, at the very least, envious. It makes for a gorgeous game.The voice acting is phenomenal. Of course, I can't understand the language, but each voice has their own tenor and tone that perfectly fits their character. Even the protagonist has a sweet, honey-silk voice.The stories last longer than I expected. You get your money's worth when you pay the full $30 on Steam; I've only completed 1 route, and it lasted an average of 6 hours. I still have 4 more to try, and I know I'll have a good deal of content to read and play.The soundtrack is relaxing and I never found it to be repetative. Others have, which is understandable, but it simply assisted in my focus in the story and the emotion invested in the story.-Overall, it's a great game for young, female anime fans who have a thirst for romance. If you sit outside of this demographic, I still encourage you to try it out, but aim for a lower price when Steam has a sale. If you're not wholly interested in it, it won't be worth your $30."
,Recommended,321290,17948115,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,A bag of midgets,"Sunk me into a deep depression when it was over, now life has no meaning - 10/10"
,Recommended,321290,20384873,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Bun Buns,I'm not crying... it's just been raining on my face.
,Recommended,321290,16443256,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AnimeGamer01,"Downloaded this game due to a gameplay short I saw of Cryoatic and Dodger however I didnt want to ruin the storyline or gameplay so downloaded it myself for a second viewing. Only played for 9 hours so far however am loving the game play so funny and creative plotline, I began with Jieun who was really adorable and with a touching back story of my prince and his ending made me very happy to find out more. Cant wait to play through all the charaters and find out more to do with this 'WIZARD' which I hope is even Heejun or her dad .... it all is very intreging. I'm loving this"
76561198127082019,Recommended,321290,12393822,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Chirus,"Let's start with the few not so good things:1. This game has typos (however, it is not all over the place and maybe if we ask Steam nicely enough, they'll fix it.)2. It is a stat based game (I can see this being a potential turn off)3. It costs 29.99 (however, it is cheaper than some other dating games, like the 70.00 stuff from Japan)Now let's get on to the good stuff,1. Hot guys.2. Multiple different endings.3. Actual plot.4. Fairly deep characters.5. Really hot guys.Other stuff you might want to know:This game is long. You will definitely get your money's worth of hours in this game.It is hard, as mentioned earlier, it is a stat game and you might be a bit doomed without the help of the internet.This is very different from dating the pigeons."
,Recommended,321290,32876615,Posted: 27 June,all,My101Wonder,"The artwork, the voice acting, and story are very well done. Cute animals is always a plus too! Most characters are likable, Jiwoo is tsundere bae. Note that this game does not follow the original VN format of picking chat options. This game has a different mechanic where you pick areas in your house and do tasks that interact with them. In my opinion, I sort of like that better. This was my first otome visual novel and one that really impacted me to go out and buy more. Cheritz is also very good at what they do, and I always expect a good game from them! If you liked this game, I'd recommend their other titles Nameless ~ the one you must recall and Mystic Messenger (for your phone)!"
,Not Recommended,321290,26059551,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kelliente,"This isn't aterriblegame, it's just pretty ""meh,"" and for the price, that makes it one I can't recommend.This is a stat management game (think Tokimeki series) where you choose different daily activities that affect the main character's intelligence, stress, etc, to build your appeal for the love interests, with the slightly novel spin that  interactions with the love interests occur based on choosing rooms of your house they currently occupy (because they are literally your pets and live with you) and engaging in particular activities in those rooms. You can also choose to hang out with a particular love interest on the weekends and there are cut scenes that trigger based on date and level of affection with that person.It's a solid setup of this type of game. But the interactions with the male characters feel pretty shallow and disjointed; and after a while they become really repetitive too. I can understand the male characters' motivations to a certain extent, and won't get into them for the sake of avoiding spoilers, but it feels like you're kind of forcing the protagonist into a relationship that never seems to pick up steam. It's like you're friends, and there's no romance, and then bam, suddenly you're supposed to be downright Shakespearean.The ending I received was the only part where it finally felt engrossing, but it took hours of mostly boring repetitive gameplay to get there. I know repetition is the stock and trade of these types of stat building games, but you truck through them for the little rewards you get when you interact with a love interest or get a cut scene. The problem here is that those rewards did not feel...rewarding, so the stat building just ends up feeling like a slog.The storyline I chose also suffered from the same type of borderline absuive relationship that makes Amnesia a dubious choice--as in, anyone can see this guy is actually a major chode and you'd tell your best friend to run screaming from him if she was dating him in real life. And yet you kind of have to force the kind, shy, unassuming heroine down that road to get anywhere in the story.All in all, it was an okay diversion for a day, and you might consider picking it up if you have the money to spend and are just curious. But it's not something I'm interested in playing again, certainly not through all the routes-- which is a shame because there is an overarching plot that seems like the completionist playthrough could be really interesting. I'm just not willing to slog through several more hours of stat building for flat cut scenes and bad relationships to find out."
,Recommended,321290,13246717,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Samantha,"After a bit of hard work and a lot of mouse clicking, I've finally finished all the routes, and have seen the Wizard ending. I cannot say enough good things about this game, honestly! The overarching plot, as well the individual routes, are such good examples of how to get your players emotionally invested in the stories of these boys. So invested that even someone as lazy as me is willing to through excruciatingly long bouts of stat building just so I can see the endings. Even the mean boys have hearts, lemme tell you. I'd definitely reccomend this game to anyone who loves Visual Novels! Truly an experience.PROS:- Great plot and storytelling- Well developed characters- Amazing art and art style- Expressive voice acting- Easy to navigate interface- Lots of possible dialogue with all the characters.CONS:- Translation is wonky in some places- Typos everywhere- Tedious amounts of monotonous state building."
,Recommended,321290,24092494,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Dandelion was one of the first games I have bought on Steam. Not only the art is amazing, but the story is really good. I’ve cried during all my playthroughs(except on the “chicken ending”. That guy is pushy and annoying), especially on Jiyeon’s route.But Jiwoo is definitely my favorite. I found his personality unique, and he’s the kind of “to hate or to love” character. Possibly one of the best male characters I’ve seen on a otome game so far. I really wish that Cheritz would make a sequel.The status raising can be annoying sometimes tho. But after a while you’ll get used to it.10/10, worth all the tears."
,Recommended,321290,13288444,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,arielfriesner,"Started out watching Dodger play it on you tube, It has a beautiful art style, Great dialogue, interesting characters and many many many many endings! Also lots of goals and activites and easy and fun to play!"
76561198092035265,Recommended,321290,13727651,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dungeon Mast- er...Amateur,"Knowing that this game was about bunny and cat boys, I significantly underestimated this game. This is an incredible dating sim, and while the plot may be cheesy, as it should be, and the main character may be completely oblivious, I found myself drawn into and emotionally moved by the story. My only complaint is that it takes too long for the animals to turn into boys, but the wait is worth it."
76561198046832391,Recommended,321290,12378559,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Indi,"I'm addicted to this game. The story is amazing, the art is beautiful, and the ears are fluffy. As you progress through the story you learn more about the  characters/story. Each character has an individual story as to why they are living with you. I want to play every storyline, and unlock everything cause i want to know more about the characters :)"
,Recommended,321290,12798877,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Talross,"Very nice VN. It has a really cute concept, and I personally think it was presented well. The art is great, and the characters look and feel like adults. The characters and story also seem like they're better developed than in most VNs, and that's refreshing. I was pleasantly surprised by this game.25 hours in; no regrets. Still need to go through and play one more character's path, then get the bad endings.There are a couple typos, but given the infrequency of such and the overall quality of the game, I'd say they're not a problem. I'd still go back and buy the game again.I definitely, hands down, recommend this to people who enjoy VNs."
,Recommended,321290,13012201,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,jennabun,"This game had a compelling story that kept me wanting to play on and on. It is definitely one of the best contenders in the visual novel/dating sim genre. There are some things to be aware if though, which I will be addressing in the cons section of my review.Pros+ Each of the characters are supremely unique and have interesting backstories. I've completed the routes for each of the guys, and each guy turned out to be more than what meets the eye. All the characters have positive & negative sides to them, and they each come with some surprises.+ The art is gorgeous! I love a game that will take the time to show you some of the pivotal scenes drawn out, and this game does it awesomely! If you look through the screenshot collection on Steam, you will easily see that the story doesn't skimp on engaging cut scenes with wonderful pictures.+ I *felt* a lot during the game. I really did empathize with what was going on. You can't go wrong with a game that gets your heat invested.+ The voice acting was a great touch! Even though it was in Korean, I loved being able to hear the emotion behind what the characters were saying.+ The stat system felt balanced. The stats you needed were different for each character, and I did find myself having to pay attention to make sure I was on track. It added a challenging element to the game without it making it feel bogged down.+ The game is VERY replay friendly! I've spent over 30 hours playing and I haven't even gotten all the endings yet. Every romance route is different and enchants you in ways.Cons- You unexpectedly run into some uncomfortable stuff in this game. Some of the guys get extremely verbally abusive, posessive, physically violent, and stalker-ish. I did fine with it, but just beware - if you are triggered by any of these things, you might want to look up a walkthrough beforehand and avoid certain routes.- This is kind of spoiler-y, but whatever: Jieun's route was BORING. Like... why include this dude as a romance option if the entire time he's just gonna be like ""lol i'm too young though."" I felt more like I was being his babysitter and it was weird. I know plenty of people loved his story, but I thought it couldn't hold a candle to the other stories. That can be up for you to decide though.In short: If you like anime dating sims and can appreciate some upscale art, definitely give this a shot. The majority of the romance routes will tug at your heart, but prepare yourself - the stories WON'T be all rainbows and butterflies."
,Not Recommended,321290,29558488,Posted: 28 January,all,Galaxy Eyes,"I feel really bad for downvoting Dandelion. I really wanted to love it, and I sank so much time into it so I can get the full story from all of the routes and the graphics that go with them. But the more I think about it, this game just wasn't all that fun and the story wasn't too great either. (Please don't think I hate this game either though, I just like to poke fun at it a little sometimes)It's not a badly-made game for sure; the music is good, the art is beautiful, the voice acting is very well done, the English translation is solid, and the guys you get to date aren't too terrible. Unfortunately though, I think the place where this game is weakest is in its story and characters, which are the most important things in a visual novel. Every single character in this game ends up being shallow, bland, and forgettable --- some worse than others. I didn't feel particularly emotionally attached to any of them. Most of your interactions with them consist of...going out to places together once a week, giving them gifts, and watching some pre-set dialogue that mostly consists of small talk. That just seems like the shallowest way to develop characters and relationships in terms of a visual novel. There are also some routes where almost nothing at all happens, leading to a very empty experience overall. The romances aren't super well developed and you don't really spend much my time getting to know any of the characters. (Not helping is the fact that a lot of these guys' personalities are full of cliche tropes...I'm pretty sure Jihae's big character flaw was...being too pretty but thinking he was ugly??? which made sort of sense as a magical interdimensional rabbit but not as a human haha) I also personally didn't like the setup thatthe boys are forced to date you in some crazy game set up by a wizard so they can get their wishes granted. I just thought it made the whole dating thing even more forced than it already was and made a couple of the boys seem like selfish conniving ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Plus most of the time, the guys that you aren't dating mostly get pushed to the side, which is weird because you all live in the same house! Keeping some friendly interactions with them or something would have been nice, because these dudes did have a lot of potential to be weird or funny.Other reviewers have pointed out that some of these relationships would be considered unhealthy or dysfunctional and that the heroine overall comes across as being too weak and passive, and I can certainly see where they're coming from. I know that there's a level of cultural differences and personal likes/dislikes at play here, I know that a game can be enjoyable regardless of whether or not the relationships portrayed are 100% perfectly healthy (I thought Magical Diary and Hatoful Boyfriend were super great for crying out loud)...But, I still just didn't care for it and I can see why others wouldn't either, so it's worth pointing it out at least. I personally just found the heroine to be a rather bland character, though she definitely has a sense of relatability to her.  Then there's also the fact thatthe heroine has to get amnesia at the end of a route in order for her to ever see the boy she dated again after he gets his WISH GRANTED FROM A CREEPY♥♥♥♥♥WIZARD WHOSE MAGIC WORKS OFF OF LOVE AND THEN HER DUDE GOES BACK TO HIS WEIRD RABBIT/CAT KINGDOM DIMENSION AGAIN AND JESUS GOD IT SOUNDS SO WEIRD AND DUMB WHEN I PUT IT LIKE THAT but yeah her decision to do so tends to be about as silly and frustrating as it sounds,though at least Jieun's route (the young albino rabbit) didn't do that, so that was a nice change of pace.So basically all of the routes are pretty much just angst, boredom, and frustration and not much else (which honestly could probably be fixed if the stat raising was toned down and the pacing wasn't so damned slow). I also didn't find the true ending to be anything special or compelling, just...weird? It was honestly sort of a letdown, like there wasn't really an overall story arc or anything that was worth completing all the routes for.Turns out the creepy wizard had the hots for you (i.e. the heroine) all along and bends time and space to be with you. And this after watching you do all the routes and exchanging ZERO actual dialogue with the heroine. What the hell? Just made me dislike him even more for having an extra layer of manipulative creep to his character.I will admit though that Jiwoo's route (the blonde rabbit guy) was probably the most interesting/enjoyable since both he and the heroine get some character development and have a bit more natural interactions. Plus he has the added benefit of being hilarious. Jiwoo is the real true ending :PAnd of course, most of this game is stats management. The stats barely have an impact on the game, but they take up most of your time, so the game ends up feeling a lot like a chore. There's also the fact that it takes FOREVER for your regular ol' rabbits and cats to turn into dudes (Hell, I think their bonding with the heroine was more compelling when they WERE animals because of how much she brightened up and started to find joy and meaning in her sad and empty life through her pets, which is what many people do experience in real life). Even more frustrating is the fact that you have to start the game from the very beginning for each route if you want to unlock the character graphics, but at least you can start pressing the skip button then (I'm a filthy completionist lol)My overall thoughts on Dandelion is that it's not a bad game, it's got its cute and heartwarming moments and its characters are decent, but it's not that great or fun of a game either. I honestly think this game way too overhyped; take away the art and the voice acting and you don't have much else left in this game that's worthwhile, especially for such a steep price tag (I understand why it's such a high price, obviously games take a lot of time, effort, and money to make, especially when there's gorgeous art, voice-acting, and multilingual translations, but the product still kinda felt like a waste of my time due to its overall shallow and boring content). By all means buy it if you're still interested, it's just that for me the game fell so short of the amazing and compelling game I thought it would be after hearing so many great things about it. It's got a lot of problems with pacing and bland characters.You'd probably be better off just buying Cheritz's other game, Nameless, which still has the beautiful art and voice acting, but has a more compelling story and characters and basically avoids/remedies ALL of the pitfalls that I mentioned here for Dandelion. Or hell, maybe try Date Warp; that game has a pretty similar setup/premise but it's a lot cheaper and the characters are better developed (plus its sadly underrated and could use more love...)"
,Recommended,321290,15712205,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ダーニ,What can I do when my heart is torn between a cat and a rabbit?10/10
,Recommended,321290,14426046,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Evrililce,11/10hot animal anime boys brokoro my kokoro :((((
76561198094597895,Recommended,321290,14035729,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,mgpangwi,"I always hated stat-raising games that I played in the past, but this one was worth it. If you have played 'Always Remember Me' and 'Nicole' by Winter Wolves and felt unsatisfied with the depth of the story and its characters, then you should really go try Dandelion because it didn't disappoint me.PS: Prepare a tissue box, you might get the case of the FEELS."
,Recommended,321290,13559999,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Beezle,THEM FEELS! D:
76561198076322469,Recommended,321290,18164471,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Fairess of Nothingness,1st- ended up with the chicken route2nd- ♥♥♥♥ed a baby bunny3rd- got drugged and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥4th- became traumatised10/10 would continue to play
,Recommended,321290,15422422,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Clam Chowder,"Buy this if you want to cry and choke on your tears, CAUSE I DID."
,Not Recommended,321290,33978128,Posted: 2 August,all,suzudere,"I'm pretty surprised at all of the positivity in the reviews. The pay off you get compared to the time you spend clicking & stat building & quick saving is not enough. In my opinion there is hardly any pay off at all. Maybe it just feels this way because of how long it is between moments with the characters, but you barely even talk to them other than the little bits at home. & those little bits get repetitive very, very quickly. I realized after a few hours that I wasn't really having fun, & I wasn't really enjoying the stories of the routes either. It doesn't feel like there's any chemistry between the boys + Heejung, & when there is it feels forced which is unfortunate because this takes place over the course of a year, so it should feel more natural than other games. In games like these you want the player to feel invested, so that when good / bad / romantic - anything happens - the player will feel something. If a player isn't invested, they're not going to give a crap about what happens in a story or to a character. Which is why I'm surprised so many people loved this. I'm the type of person to easily get sucked into stories & care about it's environment & it's people, but during this I just felt like I was going through the motions, which NEVER happens to me. It was to the point that when I reached the endings I was like ""k next"".I didn't HATE the game, & it was well made (other than translation - typos galore. there was one place where something important was happening & it was spelled wrong & had :.}} after it... really takes you out of the environment which was already lacking). The voice acting was great, & music was okay, most of the drawings were really good. I can see there was effort but for me it just didn't add up unfortunately.I don't know, I liked Nameless & Mystic Messenger, but this really fell flat for me. This is probably my least favorite VN I've ever played. I understand that it was their first game, though, & I'm glad Cheritz has gone on to make (imo) better things.edit: thought of stuff to add"
,Recommended,321290,13261663,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,fineshrines,date a tragic animorph
,Recommended,321290,26022430,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Albiness,"From the makers of Mystic Messenger comes every woman's dream to date her cats.In this fun and quirky game you are given the option to give your affections to one of three rabbit-men or one of two cat-men. And these animal men are just that- otherworldly mammals sent to your apartment by a mysterious figure in animal form, only to turn into brooding men with animal ears. The different paths, while nothing revolutionary, are that lovely mix of heartwarming, aggrivating, sweet, and bizarre, with each character being an individual full of surprises.The gameplay itself relies on a lot of grinding between cutscenes, which is my main reservation about the game. The interface is fine, although it could be integrated a bit more smoothly. Music is charming, graphics are cute, and so on. Each path from the beginning to the longest ending takes 3-5 hours, so possible to complete in a session or two.Overall, however, the game is cute and charming if a bit weird."
76561198053244982,Recommended,321290,12621898,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,pixie,"This is easily one of the best games I have ever played - definitely worth the money. Each character has a unique and interesting personality, as well as a well developed back story. Not to mention, the story itself is really interesting.As far as replayability goes, this is a game that is easily replayed over and over. Each path has it's own collection of cutscenes, so it keeps the story fresh and there is a skip option so you can speed through scenes you've already seen. So far, I've completed the game twice with two different paths and I'm still excited to play again. This game is full of feels too.Mechanically, it plays well too. The inclusion of a quick save button is helpful in making sure you achieve the interactions and results that you're striving for. But there's also plenty of room to explore the details of the game so you can learn the best way to get what you want. Since most paths have both a good and bad ending, if you mess up, it's not a big deal. You can just replay and go for a different ending.Some of the English translation is a little rough sometimes, but it's still understandable and doesn't take away from the quality of the game. Plus, the characters all have a voice actor that can be turned on or off - granted, they say the lines in Korean, but I think it's a nice touch to hear the emotion behind the lines. There's also a nice inclusion of CG and artwork for the different characters that you can look at and a couple that you can unlock for each character.All in all, this is a wonderful game and I definitely recommend checking it out."
76561198067442620,Not Recommended,321290,16032009,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Razgriz,"I finished playing Nameless and I liked it so much that I bought Dandelion since both games were made by the same company. First, I’m just going to say this game is not worth $30.Translation: I bought the game knowing there were translation issues but I can't recommend something that cost money and is not properly spell checked.Visuals: are mediocre. The stills are decent and I've seen worse but I've definitely seen better.Characters: Heejung is very relatable and I like her as the female character. The guys are the typical stereotypes but they’re likeable.Music: is forgetful and gets a bit grating at times; especially in between events when your finger starts burning from clicking so much during stat raising.Stat mechanic: This is what killed the game for me. It’s the first otome game that I’ve played which used this mechanic and it’s a monotonous chore. I’ve learned that I absolutely hate it. It took me 16 hrs. to do my first route which was with Jisoo. I had to restart 3 times because of stat mismanagement. You have to save and reload constantly and pray the RNG gods give you the item or character placement you need.My main problem with grindy stat raising is when the story finally progressed, any attachment I might have started forming with the guy character was gone.The story itself had too much repeated dialogue. The only variations in each new playthrough were in bite sized sections which came with each new guy. And like I said, by the time those finally rolled around I no longer had any emotional attachment to their individual stories."
,Not Recommended,321290,23242199,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Samtoinette,"While I loved the story itself, and the characters quite a bit, I often was bored with it... Every single day, stress and pressure went up. Everyday, you had to choose what you wanted to do. Everyday, you can only do ONE THING (even though in real life you'd be able to do lots) and you have to decide which skill to increase or decrease, or to go out on a date.The last 3 months of each character's story, I would just SLEEP or go on a date if it was the weekend. I wanted it to be over quickly by that point, because picking something to do everyday gets old fast.That being said... Only 2 characters really interested me, even after playing all the routes and getting all good and bad endings. The art's cute, story is good, characters are too predictable, and the grinding is a pain."
,Recommended,321290,14080571,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,KitKat,"Dandelion is one of the best Otome games I have played. In essence, one day you found a bsaket of bunnies and cats in your room and decided to look after them, only to realised that they can turn into more human forms and they were all here as participants of a 'game'.What makes Dandelion really shine, in my opinion, is the story. It is not one of those shallow sim dating game where there is no content- Dandelion is extremely story rich and you get more and more questions as you play along: why the hell these boys appear from nowehere, what is the 'game' that they constantly talk about, etc. Then when you get the ending of your first character, BOOM! You see the person who is behind all this and all I can say is RAGE!!! Once you have got all the good endings for the characters, BOOM! Everything comes together - it even explains the fact that why as players, we got to go through all the different characters - MIND-BLOWN! Plus RAGE as you just hate the secret character for putting everyone through the game!!! :PAside from the story, the art is amazing. The CGs are so beautiful!!! All the characters have distinctive personalities so you are bound to find one that you like! The voice acting is super professional and you can tell that the voice actors put a lot of thought into the characters and the story so they can say the lines with great emtions... I also enjoy the opening song together with the visuals - looks just like an opening for an anime, extremely professional and well made.I really enjoyed this game, having played all the good and bad endings for all the characters. One thing to note is that if you are looking for some cheesy 'happily ever after' endings, sorry, you won't get them here. When I first got the endings, I was gutted that they weren't true happy endings but after a while, I appreciated the fact that Cheritz has decided to do so as it is a very bold move. The endings were all sort of open ended but I mean come on, it is just life, isn't it? In a way it leaves you room for imagination as well.Now the characters, they all look great and a lot of thought have been put into the character development. At first glance I really like the black cat but his pocessive nature really puts me off a bit (some girls like that so fair enough). Also I will warn you if he is your favourite, you might want to avoid his bad ending as it is dark, REAL DARK. I actually ended up having the tiny white rabbit as my favourite as I played more. At first he seems too young but his character development, together with the fact that he was the only one to KICK THE SECRET CHARACTER'S♥♥♥♥♥puts him my number one!!! I MEAN GO JIEUN, YOU MIGHT LOOK SMALL AND HARMLESS BUT YOU ARE AWESOME!!! If you don't understand what I mean, apologies as it is hard to explain the plot without spoilers but basically, he is the only one with a proper real good ending if that helps :)The thing that really disappoints me is the english translation - mistakes every now and then. Dandelion is definitely my favourite of the two Cheritz games because of the clever plot of linking all the stories together. It might seem expensive but it is totally worth it. If you are looking for otome with a story rich element and amazing characters, seek no further."
76561198253316097,Recommended,321290,23080807,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Perrilous The Destroyer,"love this game. great artwork, wonderful story lines, and soo cute!"
,Recommended,321290,20396785,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Defii,"What can I say about Dandelion? I bought it on a whim, to be honest. I'm not one to spend money on games I know nothing about, based on a whim.50+ hours and many sleepless nights later, I regret nothing. Every ending, every CG, every bit of  bonus; I've done anything and everything Dandelion has to offer. Including Heejae...The best of the story-lines ironically happens to be the most PG. Jieun owns my heart, at least the most. Each of them have a piece of it because, despite my fears that one story or another might be lackluster, they were all engrossing, heartfelt, and hooked me - hook line and sinker, so to speak. As the Wizard said, no one ordinary would do. Each story will touch you; if not, then you just have no heart, do you? *sniff*The art is beautiful, the story - all said and done - is touching. While the repeatitive stat grinding got on my nerves by the time I was on my third playthrough, it wasn't enough to pull me out of wanting to play. If focused, you can get through one story in roughly 4-6 hours. The music was nice, too. Enough bonus things to be amused and, again, make it feel like it was worth the full price that I paid.Also...I felt for the Wizard in the end. That extra bit was a nice touch.10/10, would unwittingly be a pawn in the Wizard's game any time"
,Not Recommended,321290,29786440,Posted: 8 February,all,Jericho East,"I really wanted to recommend this. The voice acting is quite good, the CGs are lovely, and the stories can be quite interesting. I can understand why people have been putting this game on their lists for what defines the VN genre.But it's horrifically buggy. You need to play through all storylines in order to unlock the final short stpryline, but after I played two routes, the game erased all the progress I made on the first route. And because there's a lot of micromanagement required to successfully complete a character route, it's not something I want to go back and do a second time.Most of the 'day management' sim involves repeatedly quick-saving so as to fight against the RNG. I'd say a good 98% of my 28-hour playtime is just reloading the game over and over so that I wouldn't fail a task on a particular day. The game doesn't have a lot of polish, either. Fonts change randomly, music glitches out, and sometimes the whole game will just stutter to a halt. Not to mention that you have to have an internet connection to play this game, and the team is constantly apologizing for server maintenance issues.It would be easier to overlook the flaws if not for the ridiculous price. There are VNs out there with way better polish that you can download for free, or at least a fraction of the price of this one. Go find those."
76561198085081533,Recommended,321290,30602396,Posted: 18 March,all,AliceGold,I have always loved Cheritz game and still do. its such a good game.
,Recommended,321290,33022141,Posted: 29 June,all,unicornprinccess,"It isn't one of cheritz's best work but it stayed engaging even though the stat building for the MC could get sorta tedious and boring a few routes in. Otherwise, the characters were interesting, even though some could be a little more developed. Like in any of cheritz's games, there will be tears (you have been warned if you have a soft spot haha). The MC has a background and a personality and it makes the game much more fascinating because it's not just about the boys. The art and voice acting is great, and the OST is alright. I would recomend both Dandelion and Nameless (played in that order) But if you only have $30 dollars to waste and you are interested in a good otome, pick up Nameless instead. That game lacks all the flaws that I found in Dandelion. (I know it doesn't seem like it but I really liked this game lol, 8/10)"
,Recommended,321290,33029934,Posted: 30 June,all,SarahLikesCats,"Sometimes I look back and ask, ""did I really play Dandelion?""And somehow, I really played this game.At first, it was just a joke. I would play with my friends and we would laugh at the absurdity. Then I found myself genuinely wanting to play the game in my free time.I can honestly say I would recommend this game to people. It's funny and laid back. I never thought a dating sim about cat and bunny boys would be this enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,321290,22629101,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,EmberSH,I thought people were exagerating about the grind. They're not.I feel like I'd really love the story if there'd been more than 5-10 mins of it in the two hours I played.The grinding doesn't even seem useful; as far as I can tell leveling your skills doesn't seem to affect anything.
76561198268235784,Recommended,321290,28675033,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Leah_Bee,I love this game. It's so much more than a visual novel - lots of choices - only wish they had more games like it! The music is amazing too. Voices are excellent and really add to the personalities. Characters are absolute heart throbs with great background stories. 10/10 would be in a verbally abusive relationship with Jiwoo again. lol!
76561198048917122,Not Recommended,321290,18462589,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,f1shtank,"I got incredibly weary of stat grinding, which became more tiresome with every route. The story and characters were pretty good--not fantastic, but entertaining and cute, except that you have to grind so much just to get to the scenes! It would have been worth it for $15-$20, but definitely not at a value of $30 for me (I'm sure it was expensive to make and I dont think it's unreasonably priced, but I mean personally it was not worth the cost for me.)"
76561198036064617,Recommended,321290,12628659,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,akichan_am,"I usually wait until games are on sale to buy them. But this one I decided to get for the full price and I honestly feel like it was worth it. It is hard to get the perfect endings, which means a lot of time yelling at yourself and trying to figure out what you did wrong. So far I have only been able to get one romance, but it was worth it. The ending can be sad or bittersweet, which is a change from most other otome games. I can tell that the makers of this game put a LOT into it. How many games have an opening and ending theme like a show?"
,Recommended,321290,12651154,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Silarial,"Dandelion is one of my favorite otome games. You play as Heejung, a college student who's dissatisfied with her daily routine and is trying to find her place in life. This routine is completely disrupted when two cats and three rabbits are mysteriously left in her home. Heejung slowly warms up to her new pets, who make her happy for the first time a long while. But lo and behold, Heejung is shocked to come home one day to find her pets have turned into humans! On top of their strange transformation, Heejung keep hearing mention of a ""game"" set up by an enigmatic Wizard. Who will be the winner?Heejung, the heroine of the game, is one of the standout characters of this game. In many other otome games, the main character is usually bland so the player is able to self-insert themselves into the story. That’s not the case with Heejung; she’s a fully realized character with her own fears and goals for the future. Her constant worry about needing to be the best to please her overbearing mother is something that really struck a chord with me.The 5 main guys are all very likeable in their own ways (although I will admit the jealously streak that one character showed throughout his route annoyed me.) Not everyone is who they appear to be on the surface, and as Heejung gets close to each boy, you begin to unravel their past and true personalities.The gameplay includes raising stats in Femininity, Beauty, and Art Skills by performing a number of different tasks around Heejung’s apartment and raising affection with her beau. Raising the stats can get tedious at times, but there’s enough variety in activities that it never truly gets boring.The art in this game is wonderful; each CG was a treat. The in-game music was nothing to write home about, but it gets the job done. (I really like the Wizard's theme a lot though.) The opening song is also probably my favorite opening of any visual novel I've played.As of writing this review, I’ve completed 4 of the 5 routes in the game. (I’m saving Jiwoo for last because I know he’s going to be my favorite <3). Each route tugs at your heart strings, and the endings are bittersweet. When a game gets you so invested that you cry, you know it’s doing its job right.So in closing, I’d highly recommended this game for someone looking for a good story with lovable characters. Here’s hoping that Cheritz’s other game, Nameless, is also Greenlight on Steam! :)"
76561198125582735,Recommended,321290,14334591,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,∼ ℋ◦ℓ◦ ∽,All I can say is that I loved absolutely everything about this game!Art- 10/10Story(s)- 10/10Music- 10/10Voice acting- 10/10Replay value?- YesWill the ending(s) make you cry?- ProbablyYou like sexy guys with cat/rabbit ears?- If yes... Buy this game now!!!- If no.... You'll still fall in love with it so buy this game now!!!
,Recommended,321290,31541078,Posted: 4 May,all,Schervonne,"Do you have any idea how many times I replayed all the route and cried all the time?Cheritz, you really done it with all your 3 games : Dandelion, Nameless and Mystic Messenger. I LOVE YOU GUYS.""Sweet Solution for female gamers""The arts are good and polished. Love it!Each love interest have their own backstory and traits.Bunny or Cat? I don't know what to choose... HOOMAN HALPPPP!It's voiced.Too bad we can't change the protaganist name tho. LMAO.I would recommend this game to another otome enthusiast like me."
,Recommended,321290,23796351,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fat Feminist Lesbian,In Dandelion - Wishes brought to you - you play as the slaveholder of five exceptionally attractive antromorphic boys who is trying to slowly romance the poor individuals into submission by working on achieving superior beauty and creative abilities. A truly vile game.
,Recommended,321290,13811709,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cathy,This is the saddest game I've ever played in my life.
,Recommended,321290,21654829,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,causantin,"Since this is probably my favorite Visual Novel I figured I should finally write a review, but words can't describe how much I adore this game. It's a gem. The story, the characters - you just have to love it. Cheritz games are unique."
,Recommended,321290,18083001,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,HazeBlack,"I really do love this game. Even though I don't really play otome games made by korean, this game is really good! Especially the story, I couldn't believe that each characters hold such a tragic pasts that it could almost made you in tears (well I do) But one thing I love about this game is not the artwork, gameplay and storyline (that too but), its about the game that somewhat makes your heart pounds and clenched. True, the story is very touching, but I feel like somewhat I'm the protag and experienced what she does together with the other characters. When they're happy, funny really, I do too and when they're sad, I feel sad too. No, I don't think I'm what they called being so into the game because, all the past otome games I played (mobile ones) were not as heartwarming as Dandelion's. Thank you really Cheritz, for this wonderful experience you bless us with."
76561198269231345,Recommended,321290,19948660,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,animeduhz,I found out about this game by wathcing it on youtube and after just watching the first episode I had already fallen in love. <3 The game is very interesting in it's own way and it really hits you right in the feels if you get a good eding like Jiwoo's. The art is glorious. Very clear and it looks as if your looking at a real person. They all hav eamazing plots on which ever route you do and any way you take is amazing. The game makes you go through a lot of emotions. You won't find any other better dating sim other than Dandelion. The game doesn't disappoint! ^.^
76561198333769184,Recommended,321290,26221124,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,kagemi1,The game is so good and was well written. Never regret buying it.
,Recommended,321290,14534432,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,chesh❣{tc},i loved this game every arc was different and i didnt get bored as easily at this game then others like it that ive tried. I actually cried while watch cry and presshearttocontinue when jiwoo left and we forgot him. ;(
76561198050502184,Recommended,321290,13477178,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Annabellinne,"This is an adorable game and my only regret is that there isn't more of it! There are a few grammar/spelling mistakes, but these are so few that they're possible to ignore without being overly annoying.The stories are well-written and believable and I find myself always wanting more information about the characters.If you like cute stories then I'd absolutely recommend this to you!"
76561198238138212,Recommended,321290,29903739,Posted: 13 February,all,Jung Kyung-ho,I finished MM and thought i'd download thiS AND IM SO ADDICTED NOW AGHHHH.. Jisoo is my favorite 11/10
,Recommended,321290,17884725,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Leffe Radieuse,If you love otome games you shouldn't waste your time by reading this review- just buy it. Trust me it definitely worths it. I like Dandelion more than Nameless because It's a stat-raising otome. Which means you have to increase your stats to get hot guys. And that doesn't bore you- you're not sitting like a potato and read the script all day. At least I think that way.Artwork and storyline is awesome. Special arts and concept arts are also awesome. It's a must-have otome game. Only problem is translation. There are some mistakes but it's not making it hard to understand the script.
76561198124676451,Recommended,321290,12381111,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,AbsBloodLust,"Really enjoyed playing the demo (For about 10+hrs lol) and am happy to have the full game, there is so much more story to this then I first expected and defainly recomened this to anyone who wants a good story that is funny and charming. I thought this game would be pretty quick but I've found out that each route is going to take quite a long time if you want to get the ""good ending"" so it's a great time waster. This game is defaintly one of my favourites and I'm most likely going to play it again and agian :3Each charter has their own personality which means everyone's going to have their own favourite (Mines Jiwoo :3) and everyones story has it's on funny and sad moments. Not many games make me cry but I have to admit this one did but in a good way.And I really like the art style of this game, it's simple but complements the game style perfectly making it even better."
76561198248783016,Not Recommended,321290,18890192,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,jumpdiva,"It's a nice game, but with the redundant content, grammatical errors and disatissfying endings, I feel like I've wasted $30 on something over-priced. I'm not happy with the amount I've spent on it. My disatissfaction may also come from the cultural differences in the game, as I just cannot get into stories about guys who treat women poorly and are borderline abusive in the relationship. This is my first otome and apparantly this is a thing that's enjoyed? Not for me.  I wish the demo were attached to be able to try that out first, or I should have just watched walkthroughs instead.$10 would have been alright for this game, but $30 felt like a waste. I'm a bit 'meh' about this. Would be nice if the game creators added more story, and more content. Maybe an update for more characters or a FULL ENDING for each of the stories?"
76561198137716032,Recommended,321290,12627443,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,fasaliamagi,"Hello everyone!  This is my first time putting together a review, so bear with me.  I'll be dividing this post into 5 sections:  Plot, Individual Characters, Technical Features/Gameplay, Sound, and Art.  This will be a spoiler-free review.  If anyone wishes for my thoughts with spoilers on anyone else, I’d be happy to post that as well.PLOTThe overall plot is simply amazing.  I have to admit, I was preparing myself to be thrown into a ball of stereotypes and other redundant plot devices & themes.  Fortunately though, there are a bunch of surprises and twists, and the game does a good job of making use of the cliches it has, while avoiding many others.  Don’t let these lovely, cute-looking pets in the beginning of the game fool you - you’re in for some pain.INDIVIDUAL CHARACTERSJiyeon:  Unfortunately, his route felt incredibly short (due to plot reasons), and because of this, I did not have the desired period of time to become attached to his character.  Not only that, but many of his actions weren’t really...appealing.  At all.  Overall, I felt he was the person who should least be with Heejung.Jieun:  I liked Jieun more than I thought I would.  At first, I had thought his plot was going down a cliche path, but it diverted from such and I’m very happy it did so.  The story in this route was unique, and there’s much more to him than meets the eye.  There was plenty of surprises for me, especially since I did this route before Jihae’s.  He goes though most character development, hands down.  As you might’ve guessed, you get to learn plenty about Jihae as well, which is why I actually suggest doing Jihae before Jieun if you would like to be surprised about his backstory.  Out of everyone, I felt that he was the healthiest for Heejung.Jisoo:  I expected to love this gluttonous dork.  Surprisingly...he was in the middle for me, due to a quality of his that you’ll run into...that isn’t healthy.  What I like about his path the most though, is that I feel that Heejung's own path in life was most recognized here, and she probably had the most personal growth here.  His route felt much longer than the others, with my personal favorite set of CG’s (besides the Wizard’s of course) in the game.  It also had some great, unexpected twists, so it was definitely a good route nonetheless, just not the best.  His ending was definitely top-notch though.  I feel that out of everyone, Jisoo had the largest motivation for winning the game.  My big tip for his route is that femininity does not matter nearly as much as your art skill and beauty, so definitely focus on raising those two up the most.Jiwoo:  Being the biggest dork you encounter, this dude is hilarious.  It’s definitely a good route to play right in the middle of all the heaviness of the game.  This route had to be my personal favorite, and this ending was the only one that had me absolutely bawling.Jihae: First and foremost, if you want to be surprised by his backstory, do not play Jieun’s route first.  Jieun’s route will reveal a lot about Jihae, so I recommend playing Jihae’s route before Jieun’s.  With that being said, this route was good.  Although I felt Heejung's comments about how beautiful he is and etc., quite redundant, eventually I got used to it because hey - he IS pretty hot.  He probably had some of the most beautiful CG’s as well.Wizard:  I love this guy.  He’s just so interesting.  There’s really not much to say without completely spoiling his character, but personal story was probably my favorite - you won’t be disappointed.Heejung:  The heroine is actually my favorite part of this game.  I feel that anyone that has ever attended school, basically almost everyone, can relate to her - myself included.  The feeling of loneliness, of wanting to change, or the desire to know what it is you want to do in life, many of us have such wishes.  Especially the feeling of having to satisfy everyone else, forgetting you, yourself in the process.  In addition, her reactions to her situation, I believe, are realistic.  I could write an entire essay on how much I love her character.My recommended play order for each character would be Jiyeon > Jisoo > Jiwoo > Jihae > Jieun.  Although many people recommend doing Jieun first to get used to the gameplay mechanics, I believe that if you’re looking for gradual plot progression, his route is fantastic to leave last.My personal rankings for each route are Jiyeon <<<<< Jisoo <<< Jihae < Jieun < Jiwoo.TECHNICAL FEATURES/GAMEPLAY:First and foremost, I must mention the sprites.  I personally love how their mouths move, and how they actually blink.  Just small tidbits like this bring much more life to each character.  In addition, other little things such as the dandelions floating around the title screen, the leaves during fall, snowflakes during winter, etc. were all beautiful as well.  Secondly, I'd like to address the stat-raising aspect.  While it's cute and fun at first, it quickly becomes quite redundant.  Had it not been so repetitive, it would have been much more enjoyable.  It almost feels as if stat-raising takes up more of a route than the actual plot.  Other then that, the gameplay is pretty much standard visual novel gameplay - simply clicking.The game possesses all the basic features you’d expect:  Auto, skip, CG gallery, etc.  In addition, (and I loved this) the game features a special section where you can use the stamps you find on the routes to unlock bonus art - basically some concept art of the character, and an image of them (presumably after each ending) as their future self, whether it be human or not.  I HIGHLY recommend you try and unlock these, as they are simply stunning.  AN IMPORTANT THING YOU MUST KNOW (that I sadly didn’t ;-;) is that every time you start a new route, you must start a new game, or else your stamps will not be there by the time you finished the route.  I’m one of those people that likes to make a save file right before the first choice (while you’re on the common route) and go from there for each route, but unfortunately if you want your stamps, don’t make the same mistake as me.  Another tip I’d like to add is that if you’re interested in looking for stamps, work EVERY weekend until you reach at least $1200, then buy at least 6 visual improvement medications, to get increased eyesight out of the way - trust me, if you don’t want to flip over a table, you’ll increase your eyesight to at least 8 so you don’t have keep quick-saving and loading on a date to find stamps.SOUNDThe voice acting is wonderful, what else can I say?  And while most side characters wouldn't get voices or sprites, Cheritz put in the extra effort to include them as well - Heejung’s mom, Heejae, etc.  Even Heejung has a voice, and it’s rare for heroine’s to be voiced as well.  Extra props to Jiyeon’s voice actor, you’ll know why.ARTThe art in this game is simply gorgeous.  I think I stared at the title screen for a few solid minutes when I first purchased the game.  The chibi’s during the stat-raising activities are adorable.  The vibrant colors fit the hopeful, cheery atmosphere the game possesses.  In addition, the garments for each character are designed in amazing detail, respective to each of their positions in the society back in their world.  For example, while Jihae's clothing may appear fancy enough that he could be mistaken as a noble like Jiwoo, that is not the case:  The colors are more diluted, and it's much less bejeweled in comparison.  It is not too difficult to find a visual novel with good sprites, but most of the time, the CGs are disproportionate.  That is not the case with Dandelion.  Funnily enough, it's CGs are actually higher in quality overall, compared to its successor, Nameless, which had some wonky-looking images (beautiful but occasionally disproportionate)."
76561198154834820,Recommended,321290,12663504,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Yosaf,"Do I recommend this game? A million times yes! This is definitely worth the price if you're willing to splurge a little on a dating sim/otome game.Characters and Story: 9.5/10The personalities of each character as well as their corresponding backstories touched me deeply and made me cry every time. Jisoo and Jieun's especially. Story is tied into my rating for the characters because they are practically inseparable. The stories paired up with the personalities of the cast clearly define who they are and turn them into a wonderful group of characters that you grow incredibly attached to. Heejung's backstory is painfully relateable to the point that you just naturally sympathize or empathize with her. Each one of the guys also has a way of making their way into your heart as you try to understand and comfort them through the player character, Heejung. Those 29 hours were very much well spent considering how the range of emotions I went through as I played through each story. If I could go into detail about how I felt about each story individually, then we'd be here forever (and you'd have the whole game spoiled for you). My only problem in this section would just be very minor translation mistakes. It's played upon quite a bit for Jiyeon, but at times, the mistakes are a little obvious and out of place (especially at times where there is a tiny inconsistency with the name being said and the name being read). Fortunately, they don't badly interfere with the storyline, so I have no complaints.Music+Voice Acting: 9.5/10Once again, the soundtrack for this game is amazing and calming as well. It helped me relax during this stressful time (since I was in the middle of midterms not too long ago) and I truly wish I could get the soundtrack if it were being sold. Also, my reasoning for giving this a 9.5 would simply be due to the fact that the drastic changes between an intense situation and a regular day were a bit too quick for me. It's not exactly bad, but I guess I didn't have time to calm my heart after crying for a little while. I do like that the music fit the situations in the storyline very nicely though which truly added to the experience. As for the voice acting, I may not know much Korean (other than stuff from manhwa and K-pop which isn't a lot obviously), but I loved that the message, despite being in a completely different language, was still getting through. There is so much heart in their voices that it almost felt like you were Heejung and the guys were all talking to you.Overall: 9.5/10Definitely buy this if you have the money. You won't be disappointed in the least. There is a bit of stat raising which can be tedious at times (as they are in many otome games/dating sims), but the effort put into it goes a long way once you get to truly delve into this beautiful piece of work. Will I continue to play this after finishing the game? I already am. If you have the time (since this does take a good 3-4 hours per route not counting the common route bad ending) and the money, I suggest you buy this game if it interests you even the tiniest bit. You will not be sorry.Oh. But on the downside, internet connection is a must. Be careful playing this in places with unstable wifi (like I did)."
76561198059745844,Recommended,321290,22330524,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ShiroiRen,It's not bestiality if they give you gifts and pin you down
76561198217700664,Recommended,321290,15403282,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,DemonicLibrarian,"After touching all five of the good butts and one bad butt, I have to say this is an awesome otome game. Definitely worth the expense. Surprisingly, I really loved all the different character storylines and am excited to go back to do all the bad endings and extras. The game remains fun after multiple playthroughs, since there are so many cute interactions to unlock. In addition, be ready to come down with a real bad case of the feels, because you will, repeatedly. Some of the backstories/endings can be a little dark so be prepared. The pacing of the game is set up to get an emotional response from you, so you will feel frustrated, sad, excited, and happy at times that are appropriate for the story.  Overall, the heroine was very relatable, although sometimes pretty dense (in true romantic fashion).  Each guy brought out different sides of her personality, so I did feel like she was a different person in each playthrough.The whole game is colorful and fun to look at and the voice acting and sounds effects are really fun. There are a few translation errors, but nothing that breaks the dialogue. The sprites have a lot of personality and I found myself watching them just because they showed the thoughts of the characters so well. The mechanics of the game play were more focused on stat building with some choices to help you gain stats either with the guys or for your own character to advance in the game, but once you were on a guy's route (either good or bad), there isn't much branching decision making. You were able to interact with each guy in a variety of scenarios, which is a blast since you can get some really fun dialogue. I also had a lot of fun trolling them with gifts (island tickets and get a bikini ASAP ☺).Obviously the first few playthroughs should just be for fun, but for nice plot progression, I would recommend Jihae before Jieun and probably Jisoo or Jieun last (I went with Jisoo). Otherwise, play them anyway you want. I got a lot of bad endings on my first playthroughs since some of the play mechanics aren’t obvious (there is a status page so you can access inventory and your stats with each of the guys but it’s not obvious how to get to), but once you get a handle on it you’ll have some nice wiggle room to play with your characters.I really really really hope there will be some fan service DLC in the future, since I would love to just spend some fluff time with the guys. I need post ending cuteness.Btw – Doger and Cry have an absolutely hilarious walkthrough of the Jiwoo route if you want to get a sense of the game."
76561198065566902,Recommended,321290,13372840,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Maxxiiee,"The game is a standard dating sim. There are a few problems with playing it. Mostly, it's just typos that throw me off on my reading when I play the game. The boys are amusing and you get attached to them very easily, which makes it saddening when you push the other animals away to spend more time for a play through. I wished that there were jealousy scenes in the game, otherwise the whole ""wish"" thing doesn't have the same amount of impact. It just seems like no one really cares enough about what they want and just spend their time fooling around.The pacing of the story gave me problems, since I usually optimize my stats for the story, it makes the game feel rather slow  at some parts. But I suppose if someone were to just play, it would be fine as long as you don't attempt to play the game in one day, which I did. There is a lot of content to explore, so it is best to take your time and not burn yourself out.The voice acting of the game gives a nice experiance.It has a nice, long story that makes you want to explore the other character some more. So, for a dating sim, it's very successful in getting attachment to the fun times of having 5 guys in your apartment. But on a professional writing view, the characters are pretty two dimensional, the story has a lot of holes, the characters lack active goals, and the sheer fact that typos happen is shameful, but I still enjoyed it. The character problem isn't too bad, since they are way more fleshed out than a standard dating sim.I suggest that people buy it when it is on sale about 5 or 10 dollars cheaper. It's worth a 20 dollar experiance more than a 30. But if you can afford it, buy it! It's still an amazing experiance."
,Recommended,321290,15633646,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jobrill/Pyotyr/Ingmar,"This is a pretty fun game, if you're a fan of Otome/Dating VNs, Catboys, or Bunnyboys especially. I am absolutely head over heels in love with my sparkly silverhaired bunny knight. The stat raising can be a bit tedious once you figure out how best to minmax your chosen lover's affections, and the stamp collecting is tripped up by often having to pick up random pieces of lint that you must then manually delete from your overly small inventory, lest you lose out on lucrative stuff or gifts from your chosen lover later.Also, the Yandere cat is likely to be triggering for some people, especially if you stumble on to his bad end, and he even when he's being ""good"" he can sometimes say some homophobic or abusive things. The other cat can also be a bit abusive, although he's better than Yandere cat overall.The Bunnies are all pretty cool tho, especially the non-Tsunderes."
,Recommended,321290,15465970,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Quicksilver,"This visual novel requires plenty of free hours to complete. It takes a few times to understand how to avoid the early ""bad endings"" but with practice you get the feel for the game and manage. So far with all the hours I've put in I have only achieved one happy ending and it isn't the happiest. I feel a tad sad because their is no conclusion or satisfaction when it ends, perhaps thats why I am avoiding gaining other happy endings with the 4 other characters? I dunno. . .If you are into using up plenty of hours and love great art and character development then this game is for you. Thumbs up"
,Recommended,321290,29572495,Posted: 29 January,all,JL,Amazing voice acting! Would date cow bunny again 11/10
,Recommended,321290,12663098,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,mercilessmio,"Probably the most wonderful and addicting game I have ever played. I poured 37 hours in 1 weekend into this game to finish every story and loved every second of it. I laughed, cried, and felt the emotion of the wonderful writing and each characters individual personality. Beautiful artwork, wonderful music, and a gripping story that is worth every penny."
76561198175513939,Recommended,321290,23509266,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,I KILLED TORIEL,thats 11 hours of my life im never getting back
,Recommended,321290,15107513,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kitsumi03,"The game is not only beautifully written (bar the odd error, which can be excused) but it has an in depth plot based on all characters, including the wizard (who does not have a route but it gets explained why.)You play Heejung, an overly emotion, workaholic with low self esteem, who one morning finds a basket full with 5 animals, 3 rabbits and 2 cats. Why are they there and who put them there? With no signs of a break in, you decide to put the animals up for adoption but people from the shelter can't come until the following day.You decide to talk to Heejae, a fellow art student at university but when you find out that most people don't adopt cats and rabbit and that non adopted animals get euthanized, you decide to keep the animals.This is where your journey with the animals begins. You have the option of 5 routes with either, Jisoo - the black cat, Jiyeon - the ginger cat, Jiwoo - the brown spotted rabbit, Jihae - the silver rabbit and Jieun - the white rabbit.The animals are not who they first seem. You have a year to find out who they really are and why they were placed in your room. All while managing the stress and pressure of your final year at university.I absolutely love this game and would recommend it. I know the price seems steep but I thought it was well worth it, with each route averaging at 10 hours plus the wizards story."
,Recommended,321290,28801835,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Squiggle,"The best dating sim/otome game I have ever played. It's honestly ruined me for all other games - nothing has come close since. It's fun and lighthearted at times, but also had me crying like a baby."
76561198399383261,Recommended,321290,33002929,Posted: 29 June,all,Eri,"The game is great, and the artstyle is gorgeous!! It has an amazing plot, and all the mechanics are wonderful!! 10/10 would recommend"
76561198041289425,Recommended,321290,31681237,Posted: 11 May,all,Jane,"A little bit boring game, especially in the part when you need to raise heroine's attributes. Routes doesn't differ much and the story didn't grab my attention. However it's very relaxing and perfectly answers one's need for a calm week-end."
,Recommended,321290,21429352,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Iorveth,"I am really glad I am not actually a student in South Korea because I cannot seem to keep her alive or happy, no matter how many times we go to the beach.With that said, I still had fun.7/10"
76561198336370948,Recommended,321290,30648978,Posted: 21 March,all,HawkRider,"Okay. This is a fantastic game. In fact, one of the couple of games that made me interested in getting a Steam account.This was my first dating sim, and I have to say that I wasn't disappointed. I love visual novels (even ones that are more novel than game, Zero...) and this just amazed me. The five boys felt really realistic (minus the bunny ears) and although - especially early game - it seemed like a lot of comic relief was going to be involved, they really got serious. I admit, some characters I was looking forwards more to than others (Jiwoo and Jihae if you're curious) but I really wasn't disappointed by any of the stories. Jiyeon gave a lot of entertainment to my gaming club when I brought this in and Jisoo and Jieun kept me entertained for a time when I was bedridden. And the one bad ending I have seen (the chicken ending) is just as amazing (though I think the others are going to be very different).But I feel like I'm rambling. The game is great. The characters are great. The stories are fantastic, each one making me cry for one reason or another. Until I found the bonus for getting all the good endings, it had the villain I loved to hate the most. Still love him after it, I just don't hate him as much now.Upsides... Like I said, great characters and great stories. The art and music is fantastic (I'm legitamately considering picking up the OST) and there are nice bonuses if you're diligent with the game. Stamps are easy to collect (I got 45 and 50 for Jisoo and Jieun, once I found out how good eye drops are). You get really good rewards that I can't sing enough praise about. A fantastic experience.Downsides of this game... It's a little pricey and there are some translation errors... A couple of times characters are misnamed and there are some spelling and grammatical errors... But it's easy enough to figure out what they mean and its pretty charming, but some people might find it a little off-putting. Oh, and there's a hint something at one small point with Jisoo I wish I could have found out more about (don't want to spoil anything, but alcohol was involved). But that's just something personal."
,Recommended,321290,12626961,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,VonGothique,"Dandelion is an Outrageous game!Outrageously and hysterically funny and surprisingly deep once you get into it!You play as a senior student, Heejung Kim who has moved to Busan from her perfectionistic and nagging Mother.She hopes to find her own path in life in this new town and is a great student, but not knowing what she truly wants from life and not having much self-esteem from her past, she keeps stressing about being the perfect girl and being pushed down from pressure of korean society and the insane ideals of her Mother.So much that she has frequent flasbacks and nightmares, this being her trauma.One fateful morning the meowing of a cat wakes her up.Heejung lives alone, but now a basket of 5 animals is lying next to her bed! How did that happen?Who are these animals who occasionally seem to talk between themselves?Why do the animals you've taken care of as pets instead of sending to a shelter despite your stressful life suddenly transform to handsome men later on, but can't explain anything about this insanity?In order to find out, and in order to progress the story enough to reveal their humanforms and further, you as the player need to take action! You start out with 5 adoreable pets(2 Cats and 3 Rabbits). Even though they change from pets to a bunch of dudes(with animal ears), Heejung decides to let them stay on the condition that they wear hats or hoodies to hide their ears when necessary.Build up relationship points by interacting with them in your apartment, and occasionally by bringing them out for walks/dates. How you respond to events also affects your relationships, and the status of Heejung herself ofcourse.Your adoreable pets are as follows;*Jihae - The Silver RabbitThe beautiful, princely and mature one of the bunch, Heejung and Jihae seem to share an interest in art.He takes much care and responsibilty over Jihae and is stunning enough to be a model.*Jieun - The Pure White RabbitThe (shouta)youngest of the bunch, a quiet, gentle and closest to (Eddie..)Jihae.He loves apples to the point of being addicted and doesn't talk much at first, being very thoughtful.*Jiwoo - The Spotted(Cow) RabbitFrom the start he isn't the most social one of the bunch, nor the politest one.He is however perhaps the most intellectual one! Stuck-up and rude, but smart rabbit. Can you say Tsundere!*Jisoo - The Black CatThe badboy if you will. He seems rough at first, but clearly has a soft spot for food!He also likes to tease Heejung, but doesn't mean any harm. Just being a playful cat afterall...*Jiyeon - The Orange CatThe adoreable sweetheart of the bunch, rarely seen without a big smile on his face.He seems very pure and childish at first and even makes several small language mistakes.A charming heartbreaker!Try not to let stress or pressure take over completly, or you might end up collapsing like a squished pudding with Heejae, your classmate. He seems sweet and is certainly caring for you, but is sadly your BAD ENDING!So focus that doki doki on your pets! (wow, that sounds slightly wrong..)You'll quickly learn how quick save/load is your best friend through gameplay while balancing stress, pressure and raising ceratin stats for certain characters. Whenever you need to check your staus, wallet, items(some can raise stats) and relationship progress, just right click and well.. click status on the menu!Once you progress through the story it's easy to fall inlove with the personalities of the characters, the CG artwork is neat and sets the mood, and learning their stories I find myself wanting to play more and more and get to know each character. My personal favourite so far is without a doubt Jihae, but that might quickly change within the other routes as I've been focusing on this rare silver rabbitman's route.I enjoy seeing how the story progresses in a steady pace of growing feelings from being awkward at first to eventually blooming a romance to adoreable CG artwork.As for music, my opinion is mixed. Some of the looping music became quite annoying which made me hope for more variation(to my relief that the next season change had another loop), but some of the bgm was very enjoyable.I think music-wise it is more of a preference thing. However, the User Interface was absolutely to my taste!Well organized, easy and very practical to the game (quick save/load, how I love it!)All in all I'd say Dandelion is absolutely a game worth playing if you enjoy rich stories with colourful characters, and the fate of the protagonist lying in your hands! Enjoy your harem <3"
,Recommended,321290,30915528,Posted: 2 April,all,zkr67,"I already played Mystic Messenger and I had to play this because of the many references and I absolutlely LOVE IT, I haven't finished yet but I think the story is as amazing as every charachter. Can't believe all of this is related with Mystic Messenger and Nameless, next thing I'll do is to play Nameless to fully enter to this world. Thank you so much for such a beautiful games, Cheritz! <3"
,Recommended,321290,33690325,Posted: 21 July,all,Adira ★,A nice otome game if you can get past the stat management system. Gets kinda tedious after a while.Oh and prepare for tears. Lots of tears.
76561198041810417,Recommended,321290,30775007,Posted: 27 March,all,Katana,"The basic summary of the story:A wizard wants to play a game with the MC because he has fallen in love with her for being so selfless and mechanical in trying to please her mom. He wants to see her have some kind of emotion and becomes obsessed with meeting her face to face. So, he devises a game that will hopefully draw out those emotions and a wish that will allow them to meet. The five guys are characters from another realm (not earth) and have either cat or rabbit ears. Each one wants a wish fulfilled or start a new life. If they fail in winning her love, they stay in earth and lose memories of their wish or whatever caused them to want that wish and the MC. This is how the wizard grants wishes, by taking part of their memories, which gives him power. If the MC falls in love, the winner will return to their own world without warning, which causes her to want to make a wish so that they can see each other again. Thus, the wizard can meet the MC. This is pretty much the story.Pros:1. I guess the drawings are pretty good. Some of the characters look awkward (body proportion wise), but pretty good anyway.2. First MC I actually like from an otome game. She actually has a personality.3. Some of the idea concept is interesting.a sadistic wizard playing with people's emotions is always fun. Plus, there are high stakes from the guy characters in trying to win the game.Cons:1. The stat building is grueling, annoying, infuriating, and pointless in my opinion. Once you get the hang of it it is easy to do, but there is so damn much of it. It makes the game take forever just doing that part alone.2. One feature I LIKE from otome games is dialogue options which can make other characters react or change their personality towards the MC in different ways. THERE IS BARELY ANY!!!! In fact, your success depends on stat building and interacting with other characters in the flow of rigid and set dialogue which you have little if any influence upon.3. Due to those two above cons, combined, I feel as though there is really little story overall and rather misleading in fooling you that there is ample game play involved. Stat building is boring!4. There are some bugs in this game. I got all those dumb stamps for every character, but for some reason, even though finishing those routes and getting a good ending, those stamps disappeared and cannot unlock those boring bonus? extra feature drawings?5. I am not sure if I really like any of the characters to be honest. There are funny moments and boring moments.Actually, I think Jieun is my favorite route simply because he was the only one that could successfully challenge the wizard on any real level. It is more of a friendship route though with the idea that that could change once the youngest male character grows up. In my opinion Jieun's route should be played last.6. Ending is abrupt. I know that could be a technique, but after all that terrible stat raising, little story in truth, I would expected a little more effort. Instead, my overall opinion is more like ""meh"" okay, well that passed the time.If you like otome games and are bored waiting for more interesting ones to come out, sure. Now that I am finished I doubt I will play this game again. I just don't want to go through that click, click, click crap in the stat building."
,Recommended,321290,12750792,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Qi Bell,"Really loved the music and voice acting in this one. I was a little surprised by some of the bad story endings but then became even more surprised by the one special unlocked ending. In some regards it does explain the story but I was left with more questions I found then I felt were answered. Some of the character side stories really got me thinking and I enjoyed feeling a connection to the characters. If you are pondering buying the game, try the demo! It is a pretty good demonstration of what the game is like."
,Recommended,321290,12543146,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Laranja Malfeita Boiola,"I've been waiting to play this game since released, however until now i couldn't buy for many reasons.When i saw it had come to steam I bought it as soon as possible.I don't regret it, the game is worth the price and the quality really good. The voice acting really really amazing, i sometimes  could imagine a kdrama (laughs).If you can and want to try a visual novel/dating sim, please look into Dandelion."
,Not Recommended,321290,18883719,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Zifl,"please do not buy this game. the production value is high, but at least 3/5 of the paths are abusive and appalling to sit through"
,Not Recommended,321290,25627377,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,hannahalltimelow,"Okay, I thought this was going to be a really cute and romantic game. I was totally wrong.It takes WEEKS to get good relationships with at least one animal. I spent a lot of time working and getting the eye prescription stuff and bathing suit, and yet no one was pleased a lot except Jiyeon.Warning everyone, you have to CONSTANTLY save your game. If you mess up once, and don't quick save or save in general, you have to start all over. (Wow, they should really have a tutorial or something to mention about this in the game!! I didn't think there were any ""bad endings"") You have to hear the intro music and your MC talking again and again and again. It took me DAYS to get the ""bunnies"" and ""cats"" into humans. I finally did it with Jiyeon just now, but I really wanted Jisoo. And I got a bad ending. Again. With not even the main characters, but her school friend?? Why is he a bad ending? He should not be a part of the whole story.Another thing that makes me frustrated with this game is that we should have the option, once they turn into humans, it doesn't matter who you talked/played with when they were an animal, you should still be able to romanticize/interact with the others. I  just wanted to get to the point where they were finally HUMANS and when I did, they were all angry at me because apparently I spent a lot of time with Jiyeon, even though I talked A LOT to Jisoo?I also think the MC burns a lot of stress and you are forced to study and nap a lot. That gives me NO time to see the animals and manage to get them happy and into humans.Do not recommend this game at all. Needs a lot of help."
,Not Recommended,321290,31699790,Posted: 12 May,all,Sibyllam,"This dating stimulation system is rigid and repeated, in which process you don't feel anything that lead you into the story... I simply feel like feeding 5 stupid angry animals :(What's really annoying is that the random opportunity to actually meet the character that you're aiming for when you choose the place he is in, which means you have to quick save/load a thousand times to catch them. So what's the point?? it's totally meanningless.I do like other games that was created by Cheritz, but not this one."
76561198092529055,Not Recommended,321290,33777713,Posted: 24 July,all,adorkableturtle,"wow, i had high hopes for this game. being a major VN lover, but, what a cosmic let down when i read reviews talking about how focused this game was on stats i just thought ""must have to grind pretty hard"". no its much worse. after playing for what feelslike an eternity i got a bad ending, baffled, i looked up how i could have possibly done that after making sure i have his heart meter and desired states constanly satisfied. so many fricken stipulations on the dating ""cant have a heart with this person and this person, have to have this many levels in this stat before this date in time..etc"". and the grinding is self felt so boring and dragged out. and the small amount of coversation time you get for all that is just sad. i wasted my money hard core on this game idk if ill even try playing it again. even the story was abit dull though i will say the main characters troubles hit my in the feels, if u took the stats out id probably atleast go back and play the diffrent routes but its probably 5 hours stat grinding and 30 minutes of actual story or finding out about the person.if your gonna buy read a guide for your person atleast maybe id be less salty if i had the game just never explained anything either.sorry for ranting just so very sad about how this game turned out."
,Not Recommended,321290,23213716,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Otome.Queen,"I honestly tried to like this game, but christ the grinding. Barely does anything to the story at all tbh."
76561197996026362,Recommended,321290,14442147,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,hegel5000,"You play as a modern Korean who's buckling under the immense stress of her successful mother's high expectations.  At the beginning of the game, five men who before they come to you were of varying social status in their medieval-fantasy homeland end up as your roommates.  With their help you find your way in life.  Also you have to date one of them because this is that sort of game.Both the personalities and the backstories in this game go very deep.  I kept getting surprised by each new side of a character I found.  There are even a decent number of unexpected but nicely foreshadowed twists.  Whenever I heard a conversation between the current path's love interest and another character, I found myself anticipating playing the other character's path so that I could find things out from his perspective.  Each new perspective turns out to be very worthwhile to learn (the plot of each path is completely different, and you learn a different facet of the shared backstory).Also, the $30 pricetag seems kinda big, but it's totally worth it.  This game has a loooot of content.  There are five love interests, and within a given love interest's path, both the good (happy/bittersweet) ending and the bad ending (separate from just failing the relationship) have very different stories, depending on which one you're headed to.  As of writing this I've reached nearly three endings and have played over fifteen hours (and this includes skipping everything in the shared beginning part of the story)."
,Recommended,321290,16190301,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,SpookyCupcake,"What will you do if one day you wake up just to find 5 animals seated in a basket by your bed? You don't how they got in your arpartment, particular who brought them. Maybe it was a thief? But why would a thief break in just to leave some animals behind? You don't know. There's only one thing you know. For you these animals are your friends. They were the best thing that happend in your life. They are special. In more than one way, but you can't imagine in which ways yet.Dandelion impressed me with a lovely/dramatic/breathtaking/funny/sad story, awesome artwork and of course good music. As VNfan there's no way you should miss this story."
76561198115739770,Recommended,321290,16043861,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,박지연,This game is so awesome. It definitely worth its money. The characters and the stories are all so interesting also the graphics are perfect. Best otome game ever. I just love it. ♥
76561198210354980,Recommended,321290,15673855,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,stephanie1983,love it love it love it!
76561198044332155,Not Recommended,321290,18411807,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,wolfjmk,I want to love this game. But My game crashes on intro song can anyone help?
,Recommended,321290,14678439,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,𝔴𝔞𝔫𝔥𝔢𝔡𝔞,Love this game! It has become my favorite visual novel game :3  The boys are hot and the dating is fun.
76561198127245306,Recommended,321290,17239580,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,youngerica9,Simply awesome! I cried at least once during each character’s path. Play this game!
76561198169383106,Not Recommended,321290,14915264,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kylah,"It's just a grinding game, and I don't recommend it. It's not worth its price. Dating simulation games are fun, but not when it takes several hours of grinding just to get the guy that you want. Not to mention you can't play sincere; where, if you made the choices that you wanted to make, you'd just get a quick bad end."
,Not Recommended,321290,25030139,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,♡ 王妃,"I'll start with this - ALWAYS have an internet connection up, or you could lose data.The game is barely worth $30, if not for all the extra interaction it gives the player. The depth of the story was impeccable, I was totally immersed as the game progressed. The art is beautiful, but not my taste. The male characters are shallow, and the main character has no presence. She may have a different personality from other heroines as she doesn't start with amnesia or the like, but her obsession got old. Their ""love"" was not exactly present, as they don't really get to know each other. The translation is far from what I could do, but sloppy as there are plenty of mistakes. The game requires an internet connection. I have much larger games on steam that I can play in offline mode, yet this game needs an internet connection for cutscenes. My game is extremely buggy as the sound glitched every 5 minutes and it never completely exits out of the game. The reason why I've clocked so many hours on this game is because it never fully exits until I restart my whole computer, exiting steam is not enough to shut the game down. Some music choices don't exactly match with the game, this isn't a huge deal, but a good soundtrack makes a tremendous difference. The skill levels take a lot of grinding, and I spent a few weeks without needing to level up anything. Although I was happily surprised to interact with the game unique from other visual novels, it takes away from the player getting to know the character, and expressing the player's individual personality. The only real times you as the player get to pick responses is on dates. I really enjoyed my time playing this game, and I look forward to finishing it completely. But I can't recommend the game. The story was completely unique and refreshing as I love the premise of the story, but it fell short of my expectations. It got to the point where after my first playthrough, I got bored as I felt that I, as the player was not involved in a visual novel game. This game was made with love, but there are better games to buy instead."
76561198271482363,Recommended,321290,32838883,Posted: 26 June,all,mari_stegosaurus,BEST GAme
76561198067885028,Not Recommended,321290,26173746,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,djdeedzd,"Not really a fan. Some of the relationships felt problematic, one character even going as far to say he owned you, and the characters were just overly cliche tropes"
,Recommended,321290,12813796,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,b r e e ♡,"So far I really enjoy this game, but it IS a stat raising type of visual novel. I would have liked for there to be more choice making for me, but it's still fun to play.There are a few typos here and there, but it doesn't effect the gameplay in any way. This game is far from short as I've only finished one route (there was only a good ending for this character) and I already have a good amount of time on record.I'm excited to try the 4 other routes which have good AND bad endings .__.There wasn't too much of a lack of dialogue, but I did sometimes find myself becoming a little antsy for new scenes or decision making.Each character is fully voiced in Korean, but rarely there would be a moment where there was no voice clip.Overall, this game does have a few minor flaws but it is a visual novel that I can't wait to finish."
76561197997074904,Recommended,321290,33108749,Posted: 1 July,all,Quackles,"Jieun is love, Jieun is life. Jieun is endgame. No other game or character can beat him. Maybe Takeshi from Dreamy Days in West Tokyo, but it's close. Jieun! Jieun! Jieun! The fan theories between Jieun and Zen from Mystic Messenger don't help either. Zen was by far my favourite. White hair and red eyes is a weakness of mine, I guess.It's considered one of the best otome for good reason. The stat management is the only thing that can get kind of annoying during the beginning of the game, but becomes much easier, and you completey forget about it later on since you'll just keep going to where ever your guy is chillin that day.There are some good guides on steam which will give you some helpful tips. Quick save and quick load are your best friends. You'll get into the habit of quick saving every time a choice pops up.The voice acting is great, the art is great, the main character isn't a idiot. There is lots to love about this game. Jieun being the top reason why. Seriously. Do Jieun! His voice actor! Ugh! I love him so muchhhhhh! He doesn't coddle you. Except for apples. I would never want to see what happens if Jieun and Ryuk from Death Note ended up in a room full of apples."
76561198303910637,Recommended,321290,23570292,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Tianmi,"Dandelion: Wishes Brought To You ReviewSince it seems dating sims geared toward female players (otome) all get glowing reviews from the majority of players it's hard guess what kind of game you'll actually be buying. Thankfully Dandelion does have a demo available on Cheritz's website and here on Steam plus plenty of player videos on YouTube. I only recommend watching (part of) a play-through if you don't mind having the story development spoiled a bit.What sets this apart from so many other otome games for me is the main (really the only) female character. There was a lot of thought put into her character which I really appreciate. Unlike 99.9% of protagonists in other otome she isn't flat, transparent, nor more or less non existent. Any weakness or flaws she has are clearly explained/have a very clear reason for being. She's completely relatable (at least for me) and very likable... most of the time. Even if you find yourself being disgusted by her actions you are still experiencing a well fleshed out character not some cookie cutter archetype who's only actual purpose is to give narrative to a nearly non-existent storyline and when she actually does speak it's nearly always things like “Uuugh!” “Um...” “Yes” “No” and “......” if that last one even counts as speaking. The male characters are well thought out as well. They each have though own unique stories and requirements for a bad or happy ending. While there are a few fixed events none of the routes felt like a copy of the other. Unlike your typical visual novel you have more to do than just pick the answer that gets you (the most) relationship points with the guy you're pursuing. Though I must admit keeping up the MC's maintenance can feel a little pointless toward the end of the game especially if you aren't playing natural aka attacking the save and reload buttons like crazy to ensure you get the best reaction from the characters as possible. I think for people that play though without crushing the save and reload buttons the time between certain events would be adequate in order to ensure everything is on point for a happy ending.The art was alright but nothing special. Sometimes it's really good and others it looks rushed. The images during game play are a mix between realistic portions and miniaturization which I found kind of cute. Mechanics wise the game worked just fine. I didn't notice any weirdness going on. The only issue that I think many might run into that isn't really addressed or admitted to as one is when you try to start a new route from a previous save. Most don't want to spend time going through the prologue five times over so they make a save file to skip over all that and start earning relationship points with the “animal” who's route they want to get. But, if you do this the game will probably ignore any stamps you collect making all the time you spent trying to get them null. If you want the stamps to count just sacrifice the 3-5mins it'll take to skip through the intro scenes. This is every so slightly annoying but not really a big deal (unless you've just completed a route only to find none of the 60+ stamps you collected registered). Speaking of the skip feature unlike most games in this genre I've tried the skip button actually works/you don't have to hold it down for it to work. One click and everything fast forwards, although it would be better if it just skipped entirely, but I'm happy with how it functions.While I thoroughly enjoyed the game and recommend it to everyone who likes a good story I couldn't help being slightly annoyed by the number of grammatical errors. Some of them were borderline story breaking; prime example being the characters were consistently confused with each other. The second most common is repeating lines. The second most common is repeating lines. (See what I did there? :)) You're left wondering if the character said something relevant to the story or scenario taking place and mostly just why the heck are the there so many repeated lines? While the number of grammatical errors is moderate they occur far too frequently for a professionally done game. This is especially atrocious since it's been a good number of years since the game's release/more than enough time for the developer(s) to go back in and correct these things with a patch. When they transferred the game to Steam they di ddo some updating but it was mostly slight cosmetic changes/nothing that really improved the game. There are other minor errors in the game; you might see some script code a couple times for example, but that pales by leaps in bounds compared to the spelling and grammatical errors.One very good example of that is with Jiyeon who tends say things wrong a lot. With consistent grammatical errors already occurring, until it's pointed out you will likely just see that quirk as part of the overall lack of care in quality control.Again, while you are not utterly bombarded with errors and can follow the story pretty well for a game that is centered around text, particularly for those that are not fluently in Korean, the rate at which they occur is still very deplorable. Perhaps if this was a beta it'd be okay, but this is the finished product and has been sitting like this for years with not patch to correct any of it.Oerall I found it to be probably the best compared to the currently available otome games despite obvious flaws. Although the voice acting is Korean only I think the actors did a pretty good job conveying the characters. The bonus material for completing the game is pretty interesting too. I'd be thrilled if this was made into an animation, manwha, and/or novel. If I got wind of it becoming available in English (with the assumption much better job would be done grammar wise etc.) it'd definitely be on my pre-order list."
76561198170668514,Recommended,321290,24362687,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Aja,"This game...This game broke me.This game is the best game I have ever played. The story, and the boys, and the... everything. Everything about it is simpy amazing. I don't think this game can ever be beaten in my books. These boys hold a special place in my heart.I love you Jieun."
,Recommended,321290,12879280,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Yunerith,Best game ever <3 really love this game have waited a long time to play it :D
,Recommended,321290,16122361,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Schmoozer Loser,Date Jisoo. Have no regrets.
76561198117463434,Recommended,321290,24390125,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kyith,"Got this game when it was on sale and its worth it, i spent hrs playing this and just loved the storys to each guy, i cry'd and laughed. and the extras u get from completeionn are just amazeing really well done game and desing, tho i did spot a few name and grammer error but u wouldnt notice if u skip wht u alrdy seen lol :)"
76561198052336976,Not Recommended,321290,22658136,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TheFeebasTheory,"Bought this game after seeing Dodger and Cry playing it - got it refunded the next day or two later. If you like a slow paced grinding game like this, then each to their own. XD"
76561198043864930,Not Recommended,321290,24055858,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mylane,The songs and design are great... But...This take too long... You wait for ages waiting for something to happen.The characters are trully not lovable at all !
76561198216449079,Not Recommended,321290,21274638,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,FlutterSparkles,This is super hard for me not to recommend this game because I loved the story...but it didn't have a lot of direction. No matter what I do I get a bad ending. Its super frustrating and makes me think I shouldn't have paid full price for this.
76561198310215760,Recommended,321290,24139127,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Georgene  *^*,This is a cute game witch brings happiness to girls that play it and it made me scream when I played it :3 :D
,Not Recommended,321290,18738780,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,"I adore Cheritz and Nameless is my *favorite* game of all time. That said, I abhor this game.  I will tell you my personality: I want to unlock everything and play everyone's endings. This is not the game for that. I've played this for 11 hours and *still* cannot get an ending (even with all the walkthroughs, and it's not because i'm a bad player). The stat raising is disgustingly tedious. If you like stat raising for hours and hours with no reward - buy this game!  If this were 5 or 10 dollars - maybe. But after the masterpiece that was Nameless I am sick to my stomach that I paid 30 dollars for this game.BRING THE HATE, DANDELION FANS. I don't care how much you like the idea of humping a bunny or a cat - it would be easier and cheaper to do that IRL than in this game."
76561198030781942,Not Recommended,321290,19441190,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Raditz,"Too much text, boring as hell."
,Not Recommended,321290,12379714,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Stina,"Enjoyed playing this, then without any warning it was suddenly over with an ending that didn't feel like it had anything to do with my choices during the game..."
76561198261032476,Not Recommended,321290,32775320,Posted: 25 June,all,bellieboo,this is a crap game you should really make a game that is enjoyable
76561198014958136,Recommended,321290,30476058,Posted: 12 March,all,alexania,"Probably my favourite otome game, even if it has a weird♥♥♥♥♥premise when you think about it objectively.If you enjoy otomes you pretty much have to try Dandelion."
76561198034751025,Recommended,321290,17246947,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Den-den,Hot boys with cat/bunny ears. What else do you need? Lol <3
,Recommended,321290,17302228,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Bambi,10/10 would touch Jiwoo's paws again.
,Recommended,321290,17051740,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,DeathinGrasp,"This game is fantastic. I truly enjoyed every aspect of it. I found myself binge-playing compulsively until I cmpleted every single character's story arc - hang in there so you can see the cool, extra story-line about the villain of the game!Some of the character storylines are stronger than others, of course. Sometimes you have to just accept guys being borderline aggressive with the female lead character, for example, which is a bit hard to take when the goal is for you, the player, to like the guy you picked and to desire to progress a romance with him. However, there are plenty of funny and cute moments that are very rewarding and enjoyable.I also found some of the stat-building components to be very addictive. I enjoyed unlocking various activities around the house after filling the heart gauge, too. There isn't much of a tutorial for the game, it just throws you right into the thick of the action, so I would recommend looking at walkthroughs online or watching something like Dodger's fantastic Let's Play of this game (she's PressHearttoContinue on YouTube)."
,Recommended,321290,17378628,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,verdelish,No one told me this was going to be a nakige... Or that I'd relate to the heroine so strongly in a game about kissing cats and rabbits... but here we are.
76561198116422400,Recommended,321290,17992924,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Firespirit22,"Pros:-	Strong overarching story-	Characters are interesting and more complex than they seem at first sight-	Nice artwork (not particularly innovative, but professionally done outside of a few awkward proportions)-	Expressive VA cast-	The protagonist has a defined character and her own deep-seated emotional issues (unlike the blank slates found in many other otome games)-	Evokes a wide range of emotionsCons:-	The writing/translation. It’s certainly a localization and not just a computer translation, but there are a lot of typos, mixed names, repetition, and awkward phrases.-	3/5 guys will do things that are off-putting; how you feel about them individually will depend on your personal tolerance levels and preferences-	Though the protagonist avoids one otome game cliché, she does fall into another: being really clueless about loveAfter completing all the routes and the bonus story, the whole of Dandelion feels greater than the sum of its parts. Most people would be able to find at least one character they can connect with, and the story has more complexity and emotional weight than the premise suggests.I just wish more care had been taken with the prose and translation, which hold back what is otherwise an entertaining, professionally made visual novel. Nonetheless, it is one of the more ambitious and well-made otome games available in English, so I would recommend it if you are interested in the genre."
,Recommended,321290,16867952,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,under stars,"Repeatedly crashes at loading screens, making it almost unplayable at times. As well, to get the good endings, it's quite difficult to raise all the stats required, and it almost feels like cheats should be implimented for those whom cannot. That, or first timers should get better instructions, because it's almost too vague on what you need to do in order to get those good endings with the guys.As much as there are issues, this is a damn good game. Amazing art, very well done voice acting, excellent translation into English, funny, cute, enjoyable to spend time on. However, unless those loading screens are done, cheats are implimented, or good endings are easier to achieve through the use of knowledgeable insight to players, I can't whole heartedly recommend it on anything other than ""it looks good""."
76561198195805527,Recommended,321290,17429496,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,jessicafordy9,"Really good game, lots of feels :3 and that's only the good endings (i am yet to play bad endings :P)"
76561198198565570,Recommended,321290,17386525,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,krisannmendola,"This game is absolutely worth its price. I love it and it honeslty like...kills me when the stories end. I would get so excited when the loading screens would appear to signal a new installment in the story. Well-rounded cahracters, including the protagonist! as a girl who's played games and dating sims my whole life it's refreshing to play as a girl who has her own personality, story, and background that's revealed to you. also dude I love jisoocomplaint though: definitely uhh romanticizes abusers? the jisoo bad ending is obviously meant to be scary as hell and you're not supposed to think it's a good thing, but jiyeon's good ending makes me uncomfortable. it definitely sends the message that abusers deserve a second chance, that if you just listen to their story and keep trying then they'll stop abusing you and start loving you. which is not how it works. I've got no beef with heejung because she behaved in a way that many abuse survivors do; I was dissappointed that the game allowed the option for a ""happy"" ending with jiyeon after he mentally and physically abused heejung"
76561198207665579,Recommended,321290,17605164,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,bellasara1998,i love this game!! 10/10 would touch bunny butts again
76561198210762697,Recommended,321290,17592790,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Sweetsy,I really love this game but now it's suddenly not playing at all. I thought it was just the one cut scene so I went to start anew game and it still wouldn't work
76561198061763552,Recommended,321290,16950695,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,despairia,"Just finished my first playthrough of this game today, and I loved it.  It has a well-developed backstory for our protagonist and she's relatable and quite ordinary - in the best way possible.   It plunges you into the storyline quickly, so you don't get bored waiting for the game to ""start"".  The art is gorgeous.  Both animals and humans are insanely adorable visually, and (especially a certain spotted one that captured my heart immediately) insanely adorable emotionally/behaviorally.  :>  They all have their own personalities and quirks that add to their charm, and if the route I played through is any indication, they likely all have backstories worth learning.  I'm certainly satisfied with my choice of romance and experiencing his story.  Honestly, I rather fell in love with him and the protagonist as a pair - they had similar heartbreaks in their pasts and seemed a natural fit together, both able to empathize with and support the other.  I hope the other routes are as fulfilling (although secretly, in my experience the first romance is always the best, otome game or other, since you gravitate toward the one that speaks toyou, not the protagonist per se).  That ending, though... ye olde heartstrings be pulled, aye.One thing I wasn't aware of when I first started playing was that various scenes have Korean voice acting!  Which was an interesting surprise for me, since I'm extremely familiar with Japanese, but extremely unfamiliar with Korean.  Had to train myself to pause a second before furthering the dialog in a voiced scene, just in case there was just a pause in the sentence and not a full stop.  XDWord to the wise: save often and don't let the pressure get to you.  >:)  Have fun!  I'm sure you'll love it.  <3"
76561198124913490,Recommended,321290,17139535,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Madame_Rose,"How in the world did I spent 82 hours playing a game about bunny and cat boys... The same way I'll make it to 100 hours! Must touch all the butts! I swear, it does get a but repetititve, but for the stat-grinder in me, I always get what I'm going for with plenty time to spare. A little more explanation could be better to help with the language gap, but overall its a lovely play. All the boys are more than just what they seem to be. I even thought the jokes about itself were rather entertaining! Good art, decent lines, though not overly romantic for 5 men trying to woo lady, and some great VO. Even if it's Korean, its lovely.  MANY, many thanks to the added english translations for the note and free talk bonuses as well. Can I say too much about how much I like this game? No, No I cannot. =^.^="
,Recommended,321290,14131822,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,The Wipal,"i really like the characters.  that alone enough to push me through this game. except the game. i don't like that much because stat raising is not the funnest thing after  stat raising wrongly , then using only one save file and having to restart the whole thing. BUT you♥♥♥♥♥♥it up like, 3 more times because you refuse to see any guides and still use one save file because you're dumb but after the 5th time you decide. ""FINE. I GIVE UP"" And realize to touch a certain long haired rabbits butt, you need to heart raise someone else that he cares about to 1 or 2 hearts AND I'M JUST SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ABOUT THAT BECAUSE PEOPLE TELL ME ""DON'T TOUCH EVERYONE'S BUTT YOU'LL GET A BAD ENDING"" SO I DIDN'T AND I'M SO MAD AT MYSELF FOR NOT OBVIOUSLY SEEING I NEEDED TO BE FRIENDLY WITH 2 RABBITS DAMN IT. But.... i will finish this game. i admit. i am 14.4 hours in  (well, i also leave it on while i surf the web but..) and i have yet to finish a route, but I do not care.... i will finish the game because the characters are (well... seems to be so far....) worth it. so be warned... you may want to look up a walk through. or at least see what the guys like so you can stat raise properly unlike me.....also,super duper awesome art.nice music, all that stuff is good."
,Recommended,321290,17667817,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,CattoShark,I poked a Cat in the♥♥♥♥♥♥several times untill he fell for me.10/10
,Recommended,321290,18215183,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,死のウサギ,"There may be spoilers. I will try to avoid it but I can't gaurantee it. So I will say from the start this is only a game you should buy if you don't mind getting a sad/happy ending.Now I know it got a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥from people about it but if we look at it honestly, can we really expect every single game to have a happy ending? Where would the creativity be? It's kind of similar to the ""good"" ending in Mass Effect 3 type thing.Another issue in the game is apparently the translation. I can understand from the viewpoint of someone that speaks another language fluently besides English how frustrating that can be sometimes but it is WELL translated for what it's worth.Which brings me to the next issue of the price. It *is* a little too high for the amount of content but I don't think that the price should be reduced too drastically. There's good art and good storyline to be had.Also another point is that this game took me WAY longer than I'd have liked to figure out. There's a great guide online for it I eventually had to follow because I just couldn't manage the stats well. It's a grinding game. There's a lot of specific things you have to do and for certain people you can't have any love points with any others or you can't progress etc.All in all I think it's a good game but maybe the price should be lowered a tad to be worth it."
76561198219863299,Recommended,321290,18195695,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dreemur,"The game is really well rendered. From what I've seen so far, all of the characters are given ample development (and great hair!) and make all possible character routes appealing to pursue.In short 10/10 would otome again <3"
76561198131584139,Recommended,321290,16767552,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,WolfieRuth,"Cat and Bunny boys, what's not to love? This game is both adorable and will bring along the case of the feels :3 Seriously, I love this game and can't wait to see what else Cheritz has in store for us ^^"
,Recommended,321290,16031555,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Cellyx,"I love jumping on this game when i don't really feel like doing nothing but don't feel like playing any action games. I've always loved dating sims and this one by far is the cutest one I've played. It has a good story and the characters are all cute. I can't wait to unlock the bonus ending. I WANT THE GAPS TO BE FILLED!! but yea. If you're willing to spend 30 bucks for a decent story and something you can replay a lot with not one, NOT TWO, BUT 5 CAT/BUNNY BOYS??? then hell yea."
76561198185508969,Recommended,321290,15757547,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mayasha-Chan,"Dandelion -Wishes brought to you- is a fun game for those looking for a good story.  While there are a few mistakes in the translation or spelling of certain words, that doesn't detract from the power of the storyline.Each route is unique, and provides both dark and light elements for the player.Overall, quite a fun game. Especially if you enjoy Anime!"
76561198026770130,Recommended,321290,15781942,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Noiryn,No regrets buying this game; I was hooked on the bunnies and kitties.
,Recommended,321290,15783414,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ashykins,"Absolutly fabulous! :p The story is really good and the images are very well drawn. I don't particularlly play dating sims, but this opened my eyes to the world that is the dating simulator. It consumes large amounts of my time whenever I open it up and it never disappoints me. This is great game and it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,321290,16269201,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,devikittywolfe,"Dandelion Wishes Brought to You..... What can I say about this game? Fluffy? Oh yeah it's got fluff. But it also has darker moments, sad moments, and the endings will tug at your heart making you want to cry with the MC. But those kind of things won't help ya understand what this game can be like. This game has so much to offer and a few things I wasn't too fond of. So let's get started.CONS: Honestly I really really dislike the stat raising. Don't get me wrong I have seen that others like it but for me it made avoiding the worst of the bad endings {I'm sorry but that nerd from art class getting the girl 4 times while I was chasing Jisoo drove me nsane.} Trying to avoid bad endings in this game is like trying to avoid a cold during winter, its damn near impossible. However the personal bad endings have much more to them than I could ever describe. I honestly only got one person's bad ending {twice.....} but it still made me cry and want to punch the person..... Yeah I am pretty mean.The Mc is one of my other problems. While she is what most would think of when playing a game like this, quiet and shy, she doesn't have much of a back bone against the guys. When Jisoo, or Jiwoo even, are rude she doesn't get defensive, doesn't stand up for herself.  Yes I understand that most people wanna see the shy cute girl win the man at the end but she takes a lot of verbal abuse in this game.Translation/spelling errors...... I saw a couple, not many worth noting, though I did have a glitch with Jiwoo that had him repeating the same thing three times and another with Jihae that did something similar. Not sure if it was a glitch or if that was translation errors. They didn't ruin the game really but it can mess up the flow if you don't expect it.PROS: The story line. Ok first, and this has to be said, play as many times as you can. Play everyone. Like seriously the more you play, the more you will see as you romance each of the guys.THE WIZARD! Seriously I love this dude. Like he is in the pro list even if no one else likes him. Watching the bonus story for him, which you do have to get all five good endings so good luck, is so touching yet so messed up. I adored him when I first saw him. I was crepped by his voice in the beginning but as each playthrough progressed I started to love his characters, his part in the game, so much more.The characters in general are so much fun to watch during the game. *Spoilers ahead*Jisoo I think has one of the most touching storylines yet also has a much darker personality.  His possessive streak can be a bit much for anyone who has dealt with abusive people who are that possessive but that actually fades away eventually. That fading away allows you to see the real him, the side that is sweet, caring, and just so damned adorable.  Even though I joke to friends he is a perv, which he really is, he is much more than that.Jihae..... oh what I can I say about this poor man. His story will make you wish you can just hug him tight. His bad ending will make you freak out while crying because of his abandonment. OUt of all of the guys I think he is the one I feel needs the character most.Jiyeon.... Just a warning this cat boy is not all he seems and you will find that out about mid way through the game. He and at least one other character leave for a time, though this allows you to get your meters raised as well as your stats. Jihae, Jiyeon and the other character{who I can not remember off the top of my head} have the best bet of raising stats to acceptable levels while you wait for days you can talk to them.Jiwoo ..... Seriously this bunny♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off at first. He is a typical tsundere with a chip on his shoulder and a superiority complex. But he has his own soft side and when it shows you might just forgive him for how often he calls you stupid.Oh the baby bunny Jieon....... This is why I put the spoilers..... This kid is amazing. FIrst he starts growing up enough to realize he can't keep letting Jihae baby him. Then he starts showing more and more amazing strength hidden under that cute visage. And finally the way he drops that bomb about the Wizard not getting the girl.... PRICELESS. I adored this kid after I finished his playthrough. I mean seriously the little bunny became a badass by his ending and actually grew up really handsome to boot. It was amazing.Honestly this game has more than I could tell without completely ruining the game for anyone reading this. You need to play it to see all of the touching moments, all the scary or painful ones, and all the ones that will make you cry."
,Recommended,321290,16035975,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Savvi,"Allow me to preface this with a confession. Dating sims are my one true guilty pleasure, and when I say guilty, I mean lock the door, wear headphones, how do I keep people from seeing how many hours I've clocked in with this, it's time to make a salt circle amounts of guilt. That said, most of my enjoyment for the genre comes from a purely cynical place -- I play them because the one dimensional characters, insufferably girly and dense main protagonists, cliche plots and belittling premise of the vast majority of dating sims is utterly hilarious to me. I have a good time of playing them, either with a friend or by myself, and tearing into the faults or pointing out the ridiculousness of them. And I thought I was going to get that here, too. At first glance, this game appears to be a completely unorthodox concept -- touch the butts of your cats and rabbits that are actually hunky guys. I really looked forward to getting a laugh out this -- play it for a bit, then drop it when I couldn't stand it anymore.That was not the case. 'Dandelion, Wishes Brought to You;, is a game with an unorthodox premise that is, without a doubt, one of the most unique and intriguing twists to the dating sim genre that I have ever seen. I immediately became engrossed with the story and characters, who unlike the ilk featured in other products, are well thought out, well rounded, and diverse. I fell in love with every character after only a short time, even the main protagonist (who I believe to be the hardest thing for dating sims to get right). I caught myself on the edge of my seat numerous times, waiting for the next piece of the story to fall into place, and damned if my anticipation wasn't rewarded with every small unveiling to a character's back story, or the plot itself (which has such a shocking climax and reveal that my head is still whirling). For that alone, I whole-heartedly recommend this game. Not cynically, either. I recommend this game because its story and characters make it stand out as a masterpiece among other dating sims. I've completed several different routes, seen some amazing endings, and know that I haven't even scratched the surface yet.That said, the game does have its faults. The fact that the game must always be online is a particular fault that's been beaten to death by other reviewers, so I won't go too in depth on the subject, other than to say that I understand why it's necessary. Cheritz it's a small company (with only two games currently under its belt, I believe) based out of South Korea, where the problem with internet piracy is extremely severe. I want this company to succeed, after seeing what they're capable of, and if that means I have to play the game with a decent internet connection, that's fine with me. I support the decision, as difficult as that is to say (Error: 37, never forget), but here it isn't just some dumb move by some CEO that doesn't understand how games or gamers' work. Cheritz has this in place because they need to make sure they can make money off their game, and not be ruined by internet piracy. Even if it's a bit frustrating.Other complaints range between repeating yourself quite a bit while you play -- the utter monotony is divided well between interactions with the boys and cut scenes, I think, and once you're in the flow of things, bouncing between your choice of animal boy, doing laundry, drawing, and taking a bubble bath (to name a few) becomes so second nature you don't really get bothered by it. I can see how this could be a major problem to some players -- the 'you get to do one thing today, because logically it'll take you the whole day to talk to the plants or arrange your 'meaties and veggies' thing is a bit frustrating, but a familiar mechanic in this sort of game. You also have to maintain levels of femininity, beauty and art skill (with the intention of being suitable for your suiter, which I've always found to be a bit of BS) along with balancing your stress and pressure. Personally, I enjoyed having to monitor stress and pressure -- it added an appreciated level of difficulty, as having these stats go too high has consequence (from the dreaded chicken to watching ""boring normal guy"" desperately try to get some booty), but if you didn't come here to juggle stats, you may be less than thrilled.Aaaaand the translation errors. I thought them pretty endearing a first, but as the game went on, I found myself more and more annoyed by the grammatical, html and other text errors, especially when they dare show up during a scene that was meant to have some emotional weight. However, all and all, my experience was never flat out ruined by this -- I merely wished there was more polish at times, especially during serious or somber moments.Oh, the somber moments. Those are what sold this to me, to be honest. This isn't a game where you pick a guy to touch butts with and then go to prom. There's a dark dark cloud lingering over ever interaction. I won't spoil anything, but needless to say, you'll reach a point while playing where you'll get hit, and hit hard. If you prepare to die in Dark Souls, than be prepared to cry in Dandelion. It's a simple interface, with simple design, but damn it if it doesn't know how to tell a story that will get you right in the feels."
,Recommended,321290,16300677,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Seamstress,"Compelling story and voice acting with mostly attractive artwork (Jiyeon looks a bit derpy to me outside of the special CG). I like the way you build relationships with many actions, so you don't miss out on the guy you choose by simply saying the wrong thing. The main character is tolerable and cute, compared to how annoying the heroines can be in this genre. Highly recommended to people who want to experience a great romance."
76561198059290854,Recommended,321290,13273980,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Smol Potato,For those who like visual novels and/or animal boys. 10/10 must play!
,Recommended,321290,13897850,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Gillian,"I've played a lot of VN's in my time and after a while, they all sort of blend together because they're all the same formula. Dandelion... was different. The ""bad endings"" were truly unexpected, and the ""good endings"" made my heart swoon with ""awwww!"" moments. Really is a great game."
,Recommended,321290,13939413,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,月浪 れいね,"Being a great otome fan, I would say this is one of the most awesome otome games I have ever played before. It is bittersweet and touching at the same time as I discovered the true ending behind the game. Each character also have their own story beautifully crafted and revealed across the time of interaction between the heroine and themselves.I personally love the story of Jihae, Jisoo, Jieun and also the true motive behind the game itself. While playing on Jihae's route, everything has been nothing but breathtaking. He truly cares and put everyone else before himself, even till the very end. On the other hand, Jisoo's route is a very touching one, especially after I realized his intention of participating in the game. For Jieun's route, there are some cute and fun moments with him which will pretty much make you think of apples all day long. I feel that his route is a bit more fantasy, especially for his ending. And lastly, the behind story summed up the whole game nicely and I wish there is more to what actually happened after all this! =DWhen one's obsession becomes a form of yearning, one's wish can eventually become a reality.For the gameplay itself, I will say there is a wide variety of interaction and activities you can do in the game. The stats management system is a great addition to the game, and how it challenges the player to work around with it to fulfill the necessary requirements tailored to different characters. However, I believe it is quite easy to manage once you figure out the pattern. A great tip will be really to just focus on the relationship points + hearts first before you raise the stats as you progress as they will increase the requirement points, there will be plenty of time to do so, unless you keep doing those activites that only add a minimum amount. Taking bubble bath is a good way to increase both Feminine and Beauty and Sketching increase a huge amount of Art stat. And make sure you always watch the level of your stress and pressure.Overall, I really love Dandelion and its story. Thank you very much for this wonderful otome game! =)"
,Recommended,321290,13767481,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sedonna,"This game is very good and totally recommend it to fans of THIS kind of visual novels that focus heavily on romance, but I don't feel like it was for me. I much more prefer dating sim games where you can make your own choices, build your own character instead of playing as one that already has a personality (if you can call it that) written in and overall have a story tailored especially for you AS you play the game. Don't get me wrong, the story is pretty good and the artwork is fabulous, but for me, it's just your standard grind love points to get the good ending. If that's what you like, then I totally recommend this game, though it is quite pricey. But, it does have a demo version you can try to see if it's something you'd enjoy. Though I try to stay away from games with prices like this, I can really understand that they had to pay the artist of the gorgeous artwork and the voice actors with something. And the music too. So don't judge by the price. Judge by how much beautiful art and hard work was put into this game and try the demon to see if it's for you."
,Recommended,321290,15702839,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Reggie (ReggieTheHusky),"I have loved this game from start to finish. The beautiful art style and interesting story had me glued to my seat for hours. I am not one for VNs or Dating Sims, but after watching a few videos of Dodger and Cry play it I felt like I should give it a go and boy I wasn't let down. So far I have completed the storylines for Jihae, Jieun and akmost completed Jiyeon storyline and all have been completely different and well presented! I would highly recommend this game to anyone searching for a good story with strong character development and a good side of romance! Also may I add the little difference due to the translation from South Korean to English just adds to this games charm I reckon!"
76561198039285786,Recommended,321290,14109499,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,EelSsa,"Characters are nicely done, story isnt bad and a big plus is that it isnt short and it dosent end at the first kiss. But for all otome players, in this game u dont choose what to say as priority action, u choose who to interact with and sometimes how to interact with. U allso develop different skills. Even though I like the type of otome games where u can choose what to say and not this kind so much, I would still recomended it. Romantic, cute and long lasting. 7/10"
,Recommended,321290,14428082,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nenethra,"Pretty boys in cat / rabbit ears... What else could you ask for?This game offers fairly in-depth characters that actually develop as the story progresses. They're not just quickly drawn pretty boys, they have reasons for how they act and why. For men in animal ears, they're pretty realistic in terms of behaviour. (except falling for this clueless MC, ofc) The music is beautiful, art's well made. The GC's are quite breathtaking.The game takes you along for an emotional ride, and you'll notice yourself getting attached to the characters. Each new playthrough with a new guy felt like a betrayal every time. Until I accepted the fact I just need to touch all of their butts or I won't be happy! The game play gets repetitive quite fast though, with the stat raising and waiting for the days to pass to get to the good parts. For a completionist like me, who needs to get all the bad endings, good endings and extras, after a couple playthroughs it's not that fun anymore. The character dialogue and GC's are deffo worth it though, and skip function for the heavy story parts ftw.Them speaking Korean caught me off guard first as it was the first time I ever heard the language, but you get used to it! So don't let that be the reason you'll miss out on this game. The voice acting is actually really good once you get used to the new language (although I admit, I still think they'd sound better in japanese) and their voices suit them well! It's worth the money, and I highly recommend it for anyone interested in dating sims."
,Recommended,321290,14555693,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,bloodconfetti,"Awesome, but I am crying because sudden 'BAD ENDING' is a life-ruiner. Thanks."
,Recommended,321290,14565756,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Katie,"I squealed from the adorableness too many time to count, and I'm not sorry."
,Recommended,321290,14507132,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,honeybean,"All the characters are well written and dynamic; the protagonist, especially, is relatable and believable. Has great replayability value but the slow progress of plot in the first few months can make it a little boring to do over and over--thankfully the Skip function saves a lot of time and agony. The art is great, and the game has a reasonable amount of CGs considering it's (short) length."
76561198092020195,Recommended,321290,14508009,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,LittleSparrow,"6 hours in. lots of trial, error and hella lot of quicksaves later; i can almost see the light at the end of Jiyeon's story. only 4 more to go after this.  this is a serously good game.  you really have to put the hours in  so well worth the money.the girl you play as is relatable and the guys are quirky and fun. the art is fantastic.few tips;1) save!  save.all. the. time. quick save is your friend.save before you go out on dates.save before you talk to one of the guys.if you get  a bad feeling and feel you need to save. save.2) when in doubt; give Jiyeon an orange."
,Recommended,321290,15486976,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Katicious Queen,I'm such a hopeless romantic and this game really played with my emotions. I adore this game regardless though. Definitely a 14/10.
76561198138864073,Recommended,321290,15530440,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,cthulhuhuhu,Bought it. Played it. Fell hard for a mystic bunny kid and a yandere-ish cat man. Want to play it again. *u*b
76561198062552799,Recommended,321290,14964568,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Sereis,"This game i really like, the length is great. I wish there was a little more variation in the stories. But overall great game."
,Recommended,321290,15368134,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Laceras,"This game will entertain you for many hours! The price is well worth it. Lovely sound track, well developed story and characters and each play through is unique and enticing! I probably played 6-8 hours of my first time through going for Jisoo. After that I spent almost 4 hours to complete Jiwoo. Just try to notice the status menu at first (which I did not know about at all until I checked a guide) as it will be very necessary for getting the right ending!But ya, 10/10 <3<3<3"
,Recommended,321290,15289311,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Definitely Voice Changer,"Apart from the few mistakes and typos with the dialogue, Dandelion - Wishes brought to you - has some amazing features. The art work attached with each character is well thought out to match their personality and the situation they are thrown into. Each character has it's own emotional story which will tug at your heart strings and pull you into the sim more. Ideally, the typos would need to be fixed but otherwise a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,321290,15257436,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Nibutani x Dekomori,You migth think of dating simulators ad visual novels as♥♥♥♥♥♥but this is a amaizing game and was the first game to make me cry over a game i recommend this for everyone that can time to read and have time to
76561198079594594,Recommended,321290,15243713,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,DoctorRadiation,"This game was beautiful and the characters were just amazing.I recommend this game to anyone. It was fun, truely was and I cant stop playing.As a male playing this game I fell in love with this game and I wish jihae was real T-TI wanna touch that butt."
,Recommended,321290,15265706,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Lady-Squids,"I wasn't going to buy it because of how much money it was. But it is totally worth it. Every character's background story takes hours to complete. And there's 5 of them, and there's also cards and little things to find. This game is totally worth the $$. So if you're looking for a game where you don't have to do much and you want a good plot line that doesn't get boring even after playing the game so many times, this is the game for you. It's cute and it will ruin your emotions. It's not all sunshine and rainbows. Everyone has problems in this game. But no spoilers. You will easily find yourself missing hours out of your life because of this game so look at the clock every now and again."
76561198157638577,Recommended,321290,15345582,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,lunamognut,"I haven't completed the entire game yet, but after finishing three characters I can say I absolutely adore this game. The art is gorgeous and the story was fantastic. My computer and my phone are full of Otome games/Visual Novels/ Dating sims, I highly HIGHLY recommend this one. To me, the cost was well worth it!"
,Recommended,321290,16018724,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,arrilou,"Bought this game after seeing a playthrough on Twitch and do not regret my decision. There are just so many possible endings and character stories that keep me coming back to this charming game. Great artwork and voice acting too. It will trample all over your heart, but in the best way possible."
,Recommended,321290,16233764,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DitzyDaffy,"male waifu simulator 2k15. black cat best waifu, all of u who don't agree are trash"
76561198148103334,Recommended,321290,16212969,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,armykat,This is the first of its kind that I bought and I cannot get enough of it. unfortunatly the first time I played I got a bad ending and I was legit scared of the character for a while and didn't want to go for him again. the story gets real for you. I am definatly emotionally dedicated to this game.
76561198174761066,Recommended,321290,16006414,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Cantaloupe.com,I just wanted to do the do with jihae BUT NOOOOOOO I HAD TO FEELFEEEEEEELLLINGS10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND THO
,Recommended,321290,15805659,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Blake Belladonna,"Dandelion is a p cute wee dating simulator. It's got quirky characters, a rather odd story line, and overall it's p fun / funny to play. Fricked the bunboy. Bunboy is bae.The only PROBLEM with it that I've had: I can't play the game offline. There's no reason that it should require an internet connection--it's a dating sim that you download to your computer, yet for some odd reason you need to get to an internet connection to play.It's still a great game though, and I definitely recommend."
,Recommended,321290,15805824,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Collette Ren,10/10 will play again for romancing animals I can't remember the names of
76561198004430344,Recommended,321290,13694346,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Scopedandropped,"This is my first foray into a pure dating sim game to my knowledge and let me say it is a very good jump into the otome pool for me. I watched Dodger and Cry play through one route and decided to buy the game once they took a break between their last route and their new route and I am so glad I did!Basic plot: You play as a girl who is bogged down in schoolwork and constantly overachieves in her studies since she believes it is her only staple of life and she doesn't really -live- or know how to live any other way besides getting the best grades to make her angry mother happy. She wakes up one day to a basket of cats and rabbits in her room and through interacting with them, she realizes just how hollow her life truly is. And then you date one of them.Pros:+Interesting choices for dating partners in the animals.+Backstories for all characters are interesting.+Beautiful artwork.+Multiple routes to go down with each boy (some have bad endings)Cons:-Some grammatical errors.-No English voice acting if you wanted to hear such.-Heejung can come across as really dumb in certain scenarios (whether it is from a translating error or just her own self is unknown)-Heejae (need I say more?)-Lot of micromanaging certain stats that can get a bit tedious over time."
,Recommended,321290,13248603,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,una.meadows,"Raising stats can get a bit tedious, even so this is an amazing game! The over-all plot to the story is good and the character you play is relatable, the designs are amazing. The only thing I wish was different are the ""good endings""! The Jieun ending is my favorite, and I think it was the easiest to play through too:D"
76561197999982027,Recommended,321290,13383790,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bracer Bright,"I’ve got… mixed feelings about this game, to say the least. Wish there was a yellow ""~"" option along with the up and down votes.If you like VNs and Dating Sims, and want to play a decent length game (8ish hours per line) with a lot of interesting types to choose from, then yes, it's a reccomend. We don't get nearly enough of these lengthy foreign titles, and I love to see more of this.If you’re into chicks or just plain not up for a binge of cute, hot guys, then this title is not going to wow you.Finally... If you're also a fan of romance novels, or follow Hanako Games and enjoy the quality writing some local titles have to offer... then I suggest you keep reading.All the characters in Dandelion are fully realized. They’re all typical “types,” bad boy, classy gentleman, dreamy prince, peppy neko ball, and tsundere, stuff that you can hear a couple lines from and say ""yep. I like that one."" The designs are excellent and enticing. They’re supposed to be otherworldly, and they certainly come off that way! And the situations they get into sometimes are hilarious! When all these personalities get together, the banter between them is quick and witty. I wish I could play the whole game with them playfully bickering.But it’s strange. I wonder if I should bemoan the writing, or the translation. I’m not talking about the spelling errors here, I’m talking about the small, personal, and private moments. The moments where your heart is supposed to flutter, and your eyes are glued to the screen, on your gorgeous male moe blob as he finally comes in closer... and closer...!Yeah. Those moments… fall soooooooooo flat in English.I’m trying to understand why… and I wonder, more than any other part of the game, is that a place that needs solid writing. Not just solid scenarios or solid characters. It’s a place where you breach into the sensual realm, of touch and smell. Where word choice is powerful. “He put his arm around me” is worlds away from “His arm slid around my shoulders, cupping me gently.”Readers of VN’s and Romance… People who have enjoyed games like Katawa Shojou, Royal Trap, and Magical Diary, or hell, the brief little tastes of Persona 3&4's romantic moments. you know what I’m talking about, right? There's a kind of writing that can make you melt into a gooey puddle of YES, even if the guy/gal isnt your prepackaged ""type"". There's some powerful stuff in Dandelion's plot that can reduce you to a quivering pile. But the smaller the scene, and the further from the main plot it is, the higher chance the entire moment will be ruined by the flat and simple text.Besides that, it’s easy to get knocked of the cute moeness by Bad Relationship Flags. Oh, it’s not a game mechanic. It’s occasional character moments that are played up as desirable or adorable, but in the real world are indicators of some SERIOUS bad juju, run from that relationship right now! The biggest problems I had were with ""bad boy"" Jisoo... I dont care what kind of situation you're in, man! Getting instant ragegasms for STANDING next to another guy is NOT. COOL.All in all, this is a solid game with solid art, solid characters, solid scenarios… Pandery, cutesy moe pap, sure. But some serious story and writing flaws really get in the way of really enjoying that pap for all it could be."
76561198188992525,Recommended,321290,15334345,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,sandra.elflady,"I highly recommend this game for people who likes otome games or who just like an engaging story with great characters and astounding artwork, and with a main character that is actually above 20 years old, I don't know about you but to me it is a nice change. There are some suggested themes throughout the game but nothing explicit or mature ever happens however. This is a visual novel though and except the stat rising you are mostly reading, so if you crave action then this game might not be for you though.The story seems pretty simple, Hee-jung finds a basket with animals in her room one morning and ends up taking care of them, and after some time it turns out the animals are really humans, or well humans with adorable cat and rabbit ears, and you get to choose which guy she will end up with. But the story is quite dark despite how it appears at first glance, the main character Hee-jung has a very real and relatable background and each of the guys have their own story that are all heartbreaking in their own right that has shaped them into what they are in the game and it makes it hard to settle for just one favourite.The game often had me laughing out loud, especially the guys interractions with or without Hee-jung nearby, only to take a 180 turn and give you a sad or straight out heartbreaking scene. The art work really complements the game well, the character models, the adorable chibis and the locations are all very well done and I eagerly awaited the scenes that would give me a CG.There are five routes to play through, with each guy having a different personality and a captivating story but if you play through all the routes you get to see that there is a bigger story behind it all and there is even sixth route available that gives some interesting insight in the plot of the game.Almost every character also have a bad ending, most are not too bad but I recommend trying to get Jisoo's good ending before his bad end, seriously it's for the best. If you are worried about getting a bad ending then I recommend playing Jieun's route first since he has no bad ending. However it is still good to play Jihae's route before Jieun's since they are connected and the story really plays out better when doing Jihae first.The text is in English or Korean and the audio is Korean, and the person that picked out the actors did an amazing job. Every character has a perfect voice in my opinion and it really makes it easier to relate and get immersed in the game, I especially like that even Hee-jung gets a voice, it's rare to have the female lead in an otome game to have a voice but in my opinion that makes everything better. The music is really good and fits the mood, there's not too much variation but it's always good music, not too much but just enough for you to notice it.There are a lot of spelling mistakes though, even places where character names is switched by mistake and some might get thrown off by it, personally I didn't find it too distracting but for almost 30€ some proofreading before release would have been appreciated.Overall this game was funny, heartbreaking, embarassing and filled with relatable feelings and moments that really makes it hard to pick out a favourite character, my favourite is Jisoo but I can not rank the remaining five so they share a second place. I generally don't play otome games or dating games but this one I really recommend."
,Recommended,321290,15133508,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ashleigh,"I hate this game, why is it making me so emotional. I finished an ending and actually hit my table in anger. I hate this gameBut I love it"
76561198060170343,Recommended,321290,14815919,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Beaker Katt,"Dandelion was my first Otome game and remains one of my favorites. Very well written with 5 different arch-type personalities to choose from. Different personalities with different motives and different story-arcs, sometimes unexpected. and cute CGs that focus on the guys and male anime eye-candy for players rather than generously proportioned female CGs.Stat building could get a little tedious at times, but I did use different stat routes for each character, giving me some variability. I've only seen one dark ending, which was a little unexpected and off-putting (first time with bad endings), but then went to the walkthrough for the ""good"" endings and loved how they interacted and how different facets of the characters were revealed. For the amount of time I've played it, I consider it well worth the money and it did lead me to buy Nameless which I felt was even more refined and with great storylines as well (not to mention even darker/creepier).There were some mix-ups of names or translation grammer errors, but I knew what they meant and am not that picky. Not to mention some actually gave me a good laugh.Can't wait to see Cheritz's next game!"
,Recommended,321290,13712725,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,NukaPooka,One of the most enjoyable games i've ever played. Amazing storys adn character you just die for.I recomend this to any female (or male if you swing that way) who want to enjoy a humerous and entertaining dating sim game/otomeYou will not be dissapointed.
76561198035443464,Recommended,321290,12435695,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Rachuu,"At first I was a little leery of purchasing this game, especially with the stat system. I had played Spirited Heart and was sorely disappointed with the system and how I couldn't romance a guy AND try to aim for the goal that was set out for me. So when I saw that there was a demo to Dandelion I decided to give it a try. Before I knew it the demo was over and I desperatly wanted to know what was next.That right there was a good sign that I would like the full version of the game. I didn't delay in purchasing it and pursuing Jihae (I did have to check a guide to make sure I was on the right track) and oh man. The feels. He was so sweet, kind, loving, and was a tiny bit jealous. The story line was good, I could relate to the heroine , the art and the music is FANTASTIC. And while raising your stats to try to woo your choice of bachelor you had a good chance in interacting with them if they were in the room. Yes, I had to quick save and quick load to get that to happen sometimes but the fact that I could was awesome.What I mostly love about this game though was how much I really grew to care about Jihae. I was nearly as heartbroken as the Heroine towards the end of the story line (trying not to spoil the ending). I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys these kind of games. I *do* recommend checking the guide available on steam if you want a decent idea what you should do without any spoilers. Some of these bachelors are *tough* to get. All in all? *Great* game. 10/10!"
,Recommended,321290,12946176,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,kei,"Wonderful game. just finished all of the routes. Every route has its unique personality which makes them stand out. The route order that i played started from Jiyeon, Jieun, Jiwoo, Jihae, then Jisoo. The Wizard's side story was adorable too. Most of the routes were pretty sad and gave me the feel train. However, the one that made me cry was on Jiyeon's route because half of the route was damn sad. If i have to rate which path i liked the most, number 1 is Jisoo, then Jieun, then Jiwoo, Jihae and Jiyeon as the last. All in all it was a great game. I'm looking forward for other games made by Cheritz"
76561198158302483,Recommended,321290,12997892,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,PaybackBitch,I love it. It's addictive and the storyline is amazing.My tip for playing this game: try to unlock everyone's ending.You'll get something that made this game worth all the time you've put in it :)My heart skipped a couple of beats in this game :DIt's romantic. Some storylines are hard to achieve but that just makes it more fun.Big tumbs up
76561198089409271,Recommended,321290,13097702,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Laurenxing10,Please tell me there is a second game! I loved it so much!!! 20/10
76561198164972135,Recommended,321290,13153122,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,mariakouloglou,"If you like otome games, this one is definitely a good choice.  The art is nice, the story is interesting and there are 5 different guys to date, each one of them with a unique personality. I also really enjoyed the character development, this is definitely not a story with shallow, one-dimensional characters.Like in other Dating Sims , you have stat-raising, but it's pretty easy once you understand how the game works. When you get all the good endings, you unlock a bonus chapter with the true ending ,which will help you understand a lot of things about the story.Overall , I had a lot of fun playing Dandelion and I strongly recommend it ."
,Recommended,321290,13185714,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FrogSoda,I really enjoyed this game - it was fun.Wish there was more to it! Blew through it haha
76561197970951637,Recommended,321290,12644373,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,lullaby,"Dandelion – Wishes brought to youis a reverse harem (or „otome“) visual novel/dating sim. Which means you play as a girl (named Heejung), and can choose on of several attractive males as your partner – yes, males, because the men in Heejung’s life start out as animals. Or, if you like, as trans-dimensional animal-men, who keep their fluffy ears even as humans.GameplayDandelion is not a pure visual novel and has a decent amount of stat management. You have to raise three positive stats through different activities while avoiding to max out two negative stats, and raise affection with your chosen partner. There is also a hidden-item mini game, which unlocks additional pictures of the characters.Sadly, Dandelion once again demonstrats why I prefer pure visual novels to stat-raising games. Stat-raising is semi-interesting in the first playthrough when you still figure things out and experiment, but gets more and more repetitive on subsequent playthroughs. And in otome games, you will very likely play through each character’s route, which makes about five playthoughs in Dandelion – more, if you don’t get the best endings on your first try.A New Game+ feature would be a very nice addition and save you from clicking through the same fluff text again and again and again.Also, let’s be honest here, stat-raising (and the hidden-item minigame) just ends in reloading until you get exactly the character interaction you wanted or find the item you were looking for. And that’s rather boring.StorylineYou play as Heejung, a stressed and lonely university student with an extremely overbearing mother. One day, a basket full of animals – two cats and three rabbits – myteriously appears in her room. Said animals soon turn into attractive men with cute ears and a lot of baggage, from the butler-like angora rabbit to the bad boy black cat.And let’s not forget that Heejung herself has a lot of baggage. Actually, Heejung’s anxieties were a big draw for me. She feels much more like a realized character than most blank slate otome protagonists.Heejung grows as a character in each route, and even better, the male characters’ arcs mirror Heejung’s own development, which is really cool. It’s really satisfying when both parties change and grow.Prepare for many a tear-jerking moment along each route – and for bitter-sweet endings.As a warning: There is some problematic stuff in some of the romances, like physical violence and one character strays dangerously close to a shotacon (an absolute no-go for me).ArtworkCertainly one of the game’s high points. Each and every one of the characters looks gorgeous both ingame and in CGs and has a lot of different facial reactions – including cute ear movements. Special mention to Jisoo’s drooping ears when he sulks and Jieun’s surprised expression when you wear your facial mask…ConclusionDo I recommend the game? Absolutely. The gameplay might not be the most fascinating, but both storyline and artwork make up for it – steam says I played for about 40 hours, which I guess speaks for itself."
,Recommended,321290,12635322,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Hope,"This game was very unique and fun for me. The artwork was stunning and I enjoyed all the crazy, loveable characters, as well as their rather interesting backgrounds.I've played quite a few games like this one, and it's definitely one of the best. I found myself really enjoying getting to learn more about all of the boys' pasts, and there were definitely a lot of things that surprised me, especially with a certain orange tabby. Although there were a few little typos here and there, the translations were pretty good from what I could tell.  I'd definitely recommend this game to people who like playing dating sims. :)"
76561198066988204,Recommended,321290,12598526,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,~ Ethereal ~,"This is the first otome game I've ever bought and played, I've gotta say I'm enjoying it more than I thought! The illustrations are beautiful and voice actings are amazing :D The stats raising can get a little repatative but I don't really mind. Definetly would recommend this game ~"
76561198128054265,Recommended,321290,12599980,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,bubblelovesunicorn,"It's fun, and you don't have to be too serious about winning the game to win. Plus it's cute."
76561198133094076,Recommended,321290,12397238,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Peach,"I was a bit doubtful of this game at first because I didn't know how I felt about dating my pets but the otome game seemed popular so I gave it a go. I'm glad I gave this game a chance, the graphics are beautiful and the protagonist's back story is very relateable and realistic.Furthermore, the character development is very enjoyable. The only thing that frustrates me is how hard it is to get a good ending but that might just be me. There are also minor spelling mistakes but that's not such a big deal. It's also really hard to find good otome games in English, atleast for me since I enjoy quality animation so this was a great find."
76561198097047716,Recommended,321290,12395177,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Jellyfish von Karma,"I'm not too far into the game (One Character-Bad Ending done) but I really like it so far. The artwork is really good, the voice acting is really good and the story is decent (a bit mysterious, but again, I'm not too far in). I don't like that things aren't really explained, for example, I didn't know when the heart bar was filled, you can unlock different activities and I don't know the purpose of things (like the books you can buy). I also feel like there isn't truly much in the way of choices(besides picking one thing to do at home each day of the week and one thing on the weekends).But overall: A really good game for those that like Visual Novels."
,Recommended,321290,12907376,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Blue_Shayde,"This is suprisingly good. I'm not so sure about all the talk of making me cry, but so far I've only played and beaten Jiuyuen's route. (might have spelled that wrong. xD) Still, the graphics, sound, and gameplay are high quality for an otome game. The story is sensational as well, though the last few end months of the game sort of dragged on unnecessarily. But that could be because I'm not to into Jiuyuen's story and character. Jisoo, I'm coming, my tall dark and gluttonous love. xDStill, it wasn't a short game and I'm looking forward to playing the rest of the character routes and getting the bonus end story. So I've got to give this a good thumbs up. So far, worth the money."
76561198184517415,Recommended,321290,19224746,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,wutgirl57,"Let me start off by saying that if you hate cliffhangers, then this game might not be the game for you, because this game will leave you with wanting more. This is because the creator wanted a more realistic senario for the endings.But even if you hate cliffhangers, this game will probably be a favorite for the Buzums...With an amazing story, outstanding art style, and sexy Korean voice actors... ;) You will be playing Dandelion for hours-NO!!! DAYS!!!(ok maybe not days) BUT STILL!!! By the way this game is very anime esc.From the openig theme song to the funny CGs you get from playing through the sexy pets. (That's for all you otakus out there)Speaking of pets and art, you're going to love all the guys from the Cutie Kitties to the Bunny Buzums.All I can say is watch out for your stress and pressure, and try to invest your heart gaudge to builing that up, so you dont get a bad ending, its not as hard as everyone thinks.And I know every one who hasnt played this probably loves the orange cat, Jiyeon, and are deciding to go for him first, but don't put too much hope into this character. (not going to spoill it... just don't judge a book by its cover...)All-in-all, Dandelion- Wishes Broght to you is such a wonderful game. I have never cried, laughed, or smiled this much when playing a dating simulation. Even if you hate games that are all about stat-raising, you will probably get over it soon. The game might be $30 but everything else in the game is just priceless. To you, the game might seem too expensive, but with all of the effort put in this game, the game is worth a mesly $30. At the end of the day, you should buy the game to judge for yourself.I give Dandelion- Wishes brought to you  a 9.5 Bunny Buzums out of 10 Bunny Buzums for my final score.Now excuse me because I hear the cops coming to my house for talking bout the Bunny buzums. Gotta go to jail now but I hope that you do buy this game."
76561198129682289,Recommended,321290,19352503,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Elhixsagh,"This game is near perfect when it comes to the balance between story and gameplay. Most simulation dating games either focus to much on meaningless stats and tasks or on the story with maybe a few options here and there. Dandelion combines both of these elements well, and even has me engrossed in the story along with its characters (including the MC!). Not only do the men you choose from have personality but so does Heejung, and even though she is her own person I still feel that I am her or she is a version of me if I lived in her shoes. So far I've only played Jiwoo's route, and got the good ending I believe, but I'm more than excited to get every possible combination and unravel this story. The only thing that could have been done better would be more chances to interact with the men and perhaps story options mid cutscene instead of just during gameplay when it only causes minor changes to relationship status."
76561198144770039,Recommended,321290,19432926,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,LeeNyx,"I got into this game after watching a let's play video, and I'm so glad that I decided to buy it. While I disliked the busy work they put into the game - they couldn't just let it be a visual novel - the stories themselves were compelling. I will point out that at least one route is very creepy and abusive, though, so word of warning there. All in all, though, I enjoyed it immensely. What makes it extra special is the extra chapter that unlocks after you finish all the endings."
76561198252296182,Recommended,321290,19468693,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,JokersKitty,"Fun dating game where you (well me)  get attached to the animal bos as you play. The MC also has a personality which is rather refeshing from the blank MCs that you can get, although she already gven a name."
76561198123317392,Recommended,321290,19689972,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Baka_ojou_sama,"Good game so far, however when I choose ""Fullscreen"" It goes to cover the whole screen, but it misses about 2-3 inches on either side and seems to not be working properly :/"
76561198093470372,Recommended,321290,13601921,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Aquila,"Best otome game ever ~ <3-Awesome (yet sad) story-Plenty of characters to choose from-Wonderful, breath-taking art style *^* <3333- 130 / 100 (Jisoo is love, Jisoo is life ;D)"
,Recommended,321290,13559044,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,amenok,"Main character heroine is very relatable and all the routes were fabulous. It gets to be feeling like a grind raising your stats especially if you do all the routes like myself. However, i enjoyed many of the routes so much that i was willing to endure the grind. Definitely gives you the feels(I love Jiwoo's the most). Anyways you will be pleased.pro tip: Laundry/Taking a bath does wonders. gifts are generally a waste"
76561198058223430,Recommended,321290,13360635,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,sudess,Omg best game ever 10/10 : D (Y)
,Recommended,321290,14197808,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Raz,"I usually hold off on writing reviews on games until I've played them all the way through, but I'm honestly not sure how long that will take me with Dandelion, and I wanted to go ahead and post up my review.There's a stat system in the game. The stats that you're trying to increase are Beauty, Femininity, and Artistic Skill, while the stats you're trying to decrease are Pressure and Stress. I don't know what purpose these stats serve, but I'm sure that they serve some sort of purpose. Maybe in the places you can visit on your weekends out, or in the way you interact with certain of your lovers, maybe your stats influence the end of the game, dunno and couldn't tell you. I definitely don't mind stat systems in games, and certainly it's not a bad thing to have one, in fact having a stat system can take a dull game and make it decent, however your stats need to have a visible effect on the game, otherwise it just seems kinda pointless to have them at all.You have five choices of lovers, all of whom are introduced within the first three minutes of game play, depending on how fast you read, and who, for the first little while are rather unique in the way you're forced to interact with them. However, it can sometimes be difficult to interact with the one you want. If more than one of your lovers is in a particular room, you have to go to that room and select the right activity to trigger the scene with your desired lover to raise your relationship meter. Sometimes this is impossible, as a large number of the activities that you can perform are locked at the beginning of the game, and sometimes they don't become available to be unlocked until much, much later, and by that point it can be too late, since failure to raise your relationship with your lover leads to game over, or at least it seems to from my experience, so it's entirely possible, and in my case it seems to be common, that you can get forced into pursuing a character you have no interest in just to stop yourself from getting the bad end.There are ""cutscenes"" of a type as well. They run on a scripted course and you have little or no control over the outcome, sometimes these cutscenes trigger for seemingly no reason and can end up undoing a whole lot of work you've done to raise your relationship meter, and other times they trigger because you're about to lose the game, or because you've done something right, for once. However, the cutscenes don't differ much from the rest of the game, so they're not terrible.The story line is trite and cliched, about a young woman out on her own struggling to overcome the burdens of being useless and indecisive until a man, or a group of men, give meaning to her life, so if you're looking for a game with a strong female protaganist this game is not it. There are many ways in which the main character could have been improved, but I think that giving her a brain would have been the best one. I would have found her a much more relateable and believeable character if she hadn't been completely clueless about absolutely everything she encounters in the game.After this long and seemingly negative review, I'm sure you're wondering why I recommend this game. Well, it's for the most basic reason of all. The game is fun. It has a lot of replayability, what with having five romance options and a rotating string of activities, and gives you plenty of options for things to do on subsequent playthroughs. While the price point is a little high, if you have the disposable income and like dating sims this game will be worth your money, if you don't have any kind of a disposable income I'd recommend taking your money elsewhere, since this game doesn't really offer you anything you can't find for cheaper elsewhere."
76561198026292132,Recommended,321290,15798261,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Admiral Tori,"This game is going to make you cry. It seems silly and light hearted at first, but it has this way of pulling heart strings - the characters have depth and their own motivations. This game is beautiful and bittersweet."
76561198156628694,Recommended,321290,14047216,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Hadeel,"اوك اول ما شفت اللعبة قلت راح تكون جدا سيئة و الارت راح يكون قبيح و غريب.و لاني استعجلت و حكمت عليها قبل لا العبها ربي عاقبني و خلاني احس بكل ذي المشاعر :"")))الارت جدا جميل ... جميل بمعنى الكلمة ، و السي جي س جدا جميلة و انيقة و متعوب عليهمالتمثيل الصوتي جدا رهيب و الكل زابط الشخصية و دخلوني جو معهمالقصة كانت بتكون ١٠/١٠ لولا وجود الاخطاء الاملائية الفضيعة ... الي ترجم هاللعبة واضح ما بدأ يترجم الا بنص الليل و قبل موعد التسليم بيومالشخصيات غريبة غريبة بس حبيتهم لانهم بعيدين عن التربوز الي نشوفها عادة بالانميات و الالعاب ، او يمكن لاني ما تابعت درامات كورية فتفاجأت بتنوع الشخصياتتصميم الشخصيات حلو بس الي صمم الملابس وش تحس فيه XD ؟عموما اللعبة كانت جيدة ، في كم راوت كرهتم و ما حبيتهم و في راوتات قعدت مكتئبة لاني خلصتهم و في راوتات الكل يحبهم و انا"" ميييه""شخصية البطلة واضح انها مو غبية ، بس خلوها غبييية و متنحة طول الوقت عشان المووي و ما تخلص القصة اسرع ... ميه ما همني صراحة .بس اعجبتني علاقتها بأمها ، نفسي لو تعمقوا اكثر بالجزء ذا بس يلا :/الموسيقى آآآه الموسيقى جدا جيدة و اقعد افتح اللعبة بس عشان اسمع لها ههه ، بس زي ما قلتلازم يصلحوا الاخطاء الاملائية و يجيبوا مترجم محترف اكثر لان اللعبة جدا جيدة و حرام تشتهر بس باخطائها الاملائيةاذا انت شخص تكره زيادة الليفلز و الحفظ بكثرة و ما عندك صبر ، انسى تلعب هاللعبة ... انسى تماما !!!عموما بعطي اللعبة ٧/١٠ بس عشان الاخطاء الاملائية الكثيرة و كم شي ازعجني بالقصةتستاهل تدفع عليها ٢٩ دولار ؟ يمكن ، بس الاحسن لو تستنى تخفيض عليها او احد يعطيك ياها هدية ""احم"" لان خسارة تشتري شي غالي ""خصوصا فيجوال نوفل"" و بالنهاية ما يعجبك"
,Recommended,321290,13964549,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kagster301,"[internally screaming]This game is the most infuriating, typo filled disgusting game I've ever played and I hate myself for wanting more.I honestly could care less about the typos/horrible translations. This game stole my heart and tore me to shreds - and I feel like a masochist for wanting more.I honestly wish for break to be here already so I can marathon the rest of the playthroughs, but for now, I shall continue to sob over Jihea.I recommend this game to anyone with any small interest to dating sims at all, and I swear you will not regret it."
,Recommended,321290,20162465,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,momokeen,"I posted this on my tumblr months ago, and it may be more of a conspiracy theory than a review, but here it is anyway.  ~*~*~*~SPOILER ALERT!~*~*~**~  (I probably wouldn't read this if you haven't played the game yet, but if you haven't, please know that I would definitely recommend it for all the feels.)SO I’ve been done with Dandelion - Wishes Brought to You - for a number of months.  Once I had finished all routes and unlocked the “true ending”, my mind was BLOWN.  For days and days afterward, my head was absolutely consumed with only thoughts of the Wizard, swimming with all sorts of thoughts, and it wasn’t until now that I think I have found a platform on which to share said thoughts.  So here goes….  (Sorry, it gets long-winded.)Alright, I’m going to come out and say it.  As mentally unstable the Wizard is, he is my favorite suitor, with dark horse* (note: not an actual horse) Jieun coming in at a close second.  That’s right.  Baby bunny FTW, you know, if the Wizard didn’t exist and all.In order to understand what a crazy puppetmaster and schemer the Wizard is, let’s first take a look at our suitors and their motivations for being in The Game.Bossy, opinionated Jiwoo doesn’t give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about romancing your♥♥♥♥♥  In fact, the only reason he’s playing The Game is because he wants to run away from his old life.  I know, technically he wants revenge on his “family”, but eventually, he changes that to wanting a fresh start.  If he happens to lose his memories, painful as they are, so much the better.  As for serious contenders, Jiwoo is pretty down there on the bottom of the list.Much like Jiwoo, Jiyeon (that ♥♥♥♥ing heartbreaker…. all the tears I cried for him) wants revenge and/or a fresh start since his world no longer holds anything he cares about.  He’d be going home to an empty life.  If you don’t play his route, he seems perfectly happy; if you can take the abuse of chasing him down, then yeah, eventually he’ll be happy and all, but really I think he just wants to be left alone.Beautiful Jihae also doesn’t give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about romancing your♥♥♥♥♥  He’s too hung up on his past lady and being uber depressed about her to even notice you have boobs.  In fact, the only reason he’s playing The Game is because Jieun is making him!  Does he care if he wins the heart of a new lady love?  No.  He had already surrendered to his depressingly overwhelming need to be needed, dedicating (tenfold) his life to caring for Prince Jieun.  So, not a contender.The rabbit prince, while my darling, also has no desire to actually win your heart, or the game.  He wants Jihae (”Eddy”) to be happy, and so the two are each wishing the other would win, but never striving to win themselves.For all four of these characters, it isn’t until you start trying to win them over that they take notice of you.  But pay attention to the phrasing there: You win them over.  YOU.  WIN.  Not them.  They are still pretty much inactive players in The Game.Which brings us to Jisoo, the only player of The Game who is actually trying to win.  Even in routes outside of his own, Jisoo tries to appeal to Heejung, whether it’s as the big brother “please depend on me” type, a confidant, or an outright rival to the suitor in question, and this is because he is the ONLY ONE with something to lose if he does not win.  If he does not win, his sister will die.  End of story.  So yeah, he tries real hard, whether you notice him doing so or not because you’re making moony eyes over some other dude is irrelephant.  Even the Wizard himself had said that Jisoo had been his choice to win the game, but stick a pin in that and we’ll come back to it.As gorgeous and mostly dependable as he is, Jisoo is not without his flaws.  He has a violent jealous streak that is frightening under normal circumstances, and CRAZY TERRIFYING when he finally snaps (see the bad ending OMG).Enter the Wizard.  (My husbando.)  So far we have 4 not-entirely-committed players, and one must-win player with a history of violence, who has been hand-picked as the prize-horse* (note: not actual horse) by the Game organizer.  Naturally, The Wizard must have known about Jisoo’s violent temper and jealousy, and therefore knew he was a ticking time bomb. He must have hoped that he would win so that Jisoo’s relationship with Heejung would eventually become so abusive that Heejung would have a desperate wish, and then, FINALLY, meet The Wizard (possibly again?), and he can step in and save her.The Wizard is really such a tragic character, constantly being denied his own happiness, it’s no wonder why he’s so twisted.  I really wished that he had his own “after” route that we could play through.  He sacrificed everything he was just to be with Heejung, not even fully knowing if it would work.  Since he wished, he probably lost his memories, but you know what?  I think that’s okay.  He would wake up without the pain and bitterness that twisted his personality like it did, next to the one he loved so much.  Granted, he wouldn’t remember that either, but, this way they could start off and build a real, true, lasting love.  That’s a story I want to play."
,Recommended,321290,20304734,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jo,"This game is beautiful in artwork, and character development is wonderful to watch. I'm driven to go through every route, and every character is so unique it's a blast to try and get through each ending. (Nevermind some of the hilarious nonsense the characters get up to...) It's cliche in the sense where I laughed, I cried, and I want more. Recommended for anybody who really loves story development and doesn't mind the occasional heartache."
,Recommended,321290,25896070,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,glitter&moondust,Great game with a good story... The endings have me on the floor.
,Recommended,321290,25864784,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,losthopes06,Enjoyable. Fun. Frustrating. Heartwrenching.
,Recommended,321290,25836379,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Azureth,"Never thought a bunny boy would make me cry.On a more serious note, I think I can safely say that this is the best otome game I have ever played, one of the the best visual novels out there in my opinion. As an otome developer I have played a regrettable and insane amount of these games and I went into this experience with apprehension to say the leasst... but honestly, as hard to believe as it is,  a game about cursed bunny and cat boys tops my list.The writing was really great, the protagonist was so relatable and well written which is ABSURDLY rare, the characters were very multidimensional and surprisingly stereotype defying on more than one occasion. The story has a surprising amount of depth. All of the routes were enjoyable and surprising, even the one I liked the least (Jiyeun).However, this is a stat raising game. There is serious stat raising and it can get tedious at times, but is honestly worth it for the story. My major grieviance with the game as a whole is the DRM, purely because I personally have dodgy internet so it interfered with my experience. Usually not being able to play in offline mode is enough to make me not buy/play a game but Dandelion was a definite exception.From skeptic to Cheritz fangirl, I can do nothing but reccomend this game. And to play Jieun's route last for the most emotional impact. Consensus? If you're a dating sim/otome game fan, this Dandelion is a must play. Honestly even if you're a visual novel lover it's worth a play, although I doubt it will convert anyone who doesn't like the medium. It is what it is, a very well made visual novel and stat-raising sim.8/10. Easy 9 if not for the damned DRM!"
76561198206548968,Recommended,321290,22804119,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,JungianBCPUgal,10/10 keep on getting bad ends but i still like it
,Recommended,321290,24465001,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SparklyKittenSouls,super cute anime boys with animal ears?destroying my heart one route at a time with these endings?I freaking love it.
76561198152591734,Recommended,321290,24659557,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,eaterofdarkness,"This is a visual novel game with managment elements and where your desicions DO matter! It includes balacing your own personal well being with the element of having money and maintaing relationships.Completely imersive and has replayability due to its various ""bad"" and ""good"" endings."
,Recommended,321290,24931228,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Aeroshmitha,The game was good. It kept me up all night playing for hours. =)
,Recommended,321290,27576038,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ultimate Waifu Hunter,This game has ruined me. 10/10 would feel pain again.
,Recommended,321290,28280239,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,deathbyturtles,"I have played this 2 years ago and was one of my first dating sims game and I love it.All those endings without real closure broke my kokoro to pieces. Quite pricey, but worth your money and time. I think Cry and Dodger can testify with this, too :P"
,Recommended,321290,12393680,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Princess Milandria,"This game is pretty amazing. I love the character growth! All the characters are just wonderful! For a visual novel this is one of the best that I've played. Sure there are a few translation errors here and there but it was easy to get past that and enjoy the game! The only issue I had really with the game is the ""Bonus"" content but they have since translated it and now I can fully enjoy the game!"
76561198018499228,Recommended,321290,27262946,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sakura_gts,I love the game and I love the devs of this game!
76561198132669137,Recommended,321290,28357178,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,kawaiifoxx,This is a very fun game! All the stories are great and it's addicting. I would suggest that you save every single morning in case you don't get to interact with your animal of choice so you can quick load.The stories are great the characters are cute and the soundtrack is wonderful! ^^
76561198210437765,Recommended,321290,28476853,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,angrystomach,"Absolutely worth the price tag. Enjoyable and thoughtful from finish to start. The voice acting, art, music and story were above my expectations. Highly recommend to any otome fan. The statistics/having to constantly quick save + load for certian routes were the most annoying things and I am willing to overlook them. Just google a guide if you need to get an idea of what needs to be done, but I think it's self-explanitory as you go along. I will be revisitng the Jiwoo route more than a few times- I don't think I have smiled that much while playing a game in a long time."
76561198339036360,Recommended,321290,26911950,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pix,love this game!you will love the guys. definitley reccomend.
76561198301901574,Recommended,321290,26559818,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,biorexes,"I haven't played all routes on this game yet, but found it to be quite entertaining and enjoyable. The gameplay is interesting, although I found that I had to look up some things to work out what I was doing (i.e. collecting stamps and unlocking new activities). As such, I would recommend looking up a guide."
,Recommended,321290,28859603,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Hina,"Super precious stat-based otome~ The art is very aesthetically pleasing and there's only ...perhaps a handful of typos. They do not really break immersion other than ""breath"" when it should be ""breathe"", heh. I enjoyed the voice acting a lot and I'm glad I did not have to buy it separately. I definitely suggest it for otome fans, as I was skeptical of buying it for a long time."
76561198113628515,Recommended,321290,28850380,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Just Físh,"A highly recommended dating sim. Has quality and is fun, amusing, fun, cute and fun! The grinding is a bit slow but it's worth the entertainment afterwards."
,Recommended,321290,19371243,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Gamer,"Awesome if, like me,  you like story rich games.I love the game. I played it together with a friend once before  but I REALLY wanted to buy it for myself to support the wonderful Cheritz.All stories are wonderful and the overarching story makes this really heartfelt. Dandelion is a story for the heart, a true keeper for me.MC. For me, MCs in otome HAVE to have strong presence, be full characters with a personality and story to tell. I HATE  empty vessel-like MCs that  make you emptily self-insert that some otome, particularly mobile ones,  seem to have.  I want MCs I can care for and I trully care for Heejung. I love it when a game like Dandelion comes along that has a full  Main Character, with flaws but also potential for growth and change. I love the fact I can see her, know her and care for her, I love the fact she has a strong, touching backstory, that she is a wholesome person I care for and can ship with the other characters. I love Heejung, she is lovely, personnable and has her own story to tell.  Main character Heejung is one of my top favourite female heroines in an otome game ever. She has a strong presence, feels complete as a human with her flaws and insecurities and also her kindness. I really love her.  Her dynamic with the group that comes to live with her is aweome, the relations are very fun and touching. The interactions are lively.The endings are all validated and not even the true ending invalidates them. I love it that way, it tells many stories plus one more you don't expect at first and everything is concrete enough for me to let me imagine a very happy conclusion. I really loved how all ending happened in this game, it was very well done, and I have a sense they could all happen and none of them are ever undermined and it's perfect.  My favourite endings...well it's difficult.. since the premise of the story actually makes it very difficult to have favourites. Some of the characters really have a LOT to lose if you don't choose them. It's heart rending.  Well even so my favourite endings are Ji Hye, then Ji Eun and Ji Soo and...one more, the OTHER, special ending.  It's, above all, a story of a certain desperate quest... I really love the ideas that went into this story and I came to love all characters but I can;t highlight enough how glad I am that endings are what they are and I can be happy with each of them.  I really think the game was clever with endings and  made me happy with all of them.This is a stat-raising game. Stat raising is closely connected with Heejung's development and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I enjoy stat raising games and I particularly enjoyed stat raising in Dandelion, it wasn't tiresome for me and there were many random events that made it so much more fun. Also there is a sense of progress as you raise stats. Things actually happen to the group that comes to live with Heejung...and also  stats you raise and which character you interact with from the beginning is very important. The game essentially divdes into a common route where you play until you chose one character you focus on and then, after a certain key event, the route of that charatcer begins. I love that, because it gave me a sense of progress.Art...The CGs are all absolutely stunning!!!! I love the art in this game very much and I have at least three CGS that are my top favourites ever, from any game. The artist did a wonderful job on all of them, I adore them.I am VERY grateful to my friend for showng me this game and playing it with me and I am happy I can finally buy Dandelion for myself....it's a true keeper for me, a senstive story that tells many stories (PLUS unxpectdly one more!) and it touches the heart.  thanks Cheritz, so much!  The art, the stories, the characters are all  ggreat for me. I am EXTREMELY pleased with how the story was layered and structured and how endings were kept separate and all were valid.  Characters are flawed, speak to the heart, the endings for me are concrete enough and validated."
76561198349891522,Recommended,321290,33342890,Posted: 7 July,all,Miyu,"So, apparently I got through Jiyeon's route and struggle with Jisoo right now but so far so good.The story is nice and special. I never played an Otome with the topic of lets turning into humans. Every character has his own independent story and their own reason for participating that game. In my opinion Jiyeon is probably the most emotional one. But I can't really say for now.Anyone, who wants to play this game, get ready for sweet but also quite emotional scenes and beautiful CGs. C:"
76561198098490288,Recommended,321290,17546673,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ethical Coma,As much legal fun as I can have with a white furry rabbit without going to prison.
76561198398999260,Recommended,321290,34176873,Posted: 11 August,all,kjrodger,Loved the game so much! The day to day activities between events got a bit repetitive after a while but I was also playing route after route for hours so maybe that's why. Each storyline was really cute! Ah some of the endings were bittersweet though
,Recommended,321290,34604660,Posted: 30 August,all,Dual Limit,"I love this game although the grinding part just kinda...grinds my gears (pun unintentional but there was no other way to put it. //sigh). I love the characters, there's a lot of depth to them, this is the first game that turned me into a Cheritz girl. <3 As always, I'm going to be looking for more updates from Cheritz!"
,Recommended,321290,34774963,Posted: 6 September,all,Gnomo Kutxy,"Not to say that the game is bad, but serious i dont get it... i download it out of curiosity ( my baby bro is playing it) and i wanted to see what the gig was about.right now i got two bad endings, still confused.Anyway i will get a manual to see what im doing wrong, cuz i still dont get it.dandelion the game i dont get....'-_-"
76561198368151464,Recommended,321290,34904291,Posted: 12 September,all,kmcrofut,Best otome I have ever played. Worthwhile to watch a tutorial before playing so you know all the ins and outs of the game play. It is more interactive than a regular VN otome. I am 47 hours in and still have unexplored routes and treasures to unlock. I highly recommend it.
76561198215706620,Recommended,321290,35347082,Posted: 30 September,all,apple youghurt,♥♥♥♥ dude it sure is
