user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198044662948,Recommended,321360,16254746,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,The Taco of Truth,"I've seen a lot of negetive reviews on this game, and I didn't think they were too fair, so I decided to write my own little review.  What most people are complaining about is the fact that most servers are free-roam/role-play servers instead of TDM or GTC.  This WAS true, but as more people have become aware of this problem, more and more TDM and GTC servers are popping up.  The new update also added a new game mode called ""Survival"", and it's pretty fun, and Survival servers have been replacing free-roam servers.  The loot system has also been improving, especially now that their is a new member of the dev team to make cool skins.  Of course, there are still bugs and balancing issues, but these should be fixed over time, and are largely the results of a whiny community.  In the end, if you were a fan of the original, and you have patience, I would definitely reccomend Primal Carnage: Extinction."
,Not Recommended,321360,31542883,Posted: 4 May,all,♉ Jack_ÐVЯΣЖ ♉,"Hello there, my name is Jack, and I will start a review about this game which had some potential for the time when it was still in early access.(Actually, no. I can write two essays about the sh_t that's been happening in this game.)INTRODUCTION TO THE (cringeworthy) COMMUNITY:I bought this game during its early access, left it for two years, and THEN came back. Look at where I am right now. It was a mistake I made not to play this game during the early access.This game eventually turned out to be... Well, pretty bad. I had a lot of fun in it for the past year, however. And do you even know why? Well, for ONCE, the community wasn't terrible. I met some nice people there, who I roleplayed with pretty often. Some became really good friends. But where I just see utter sh_t approaching is at that moment when you realize that there are little kids who enjoy dinosaur porn, terrible grammar and horrifying spelling mistakes. I am a roleplayer myself and I feel bad having to say this. But it's the truth. I also didn't mention the power-abusive, idiotic admins on the servers who have zero respect towards you (probably because they're like 7-12 y/o) who kick you for killing them. Okay, okay, I met some nice admins too. For example, the admins on Dr. MPQC's server are really nice. But that's literally all of the examples I can give about nice admins on these servers. Most other admins are terrible. I myself am an admin on a server that's owned by a friend of mine, but we both can't get over the fact that there are so many terrible people on this game. And the skin-hungry people on this game, Jesus guys, have some mercy! Showing off your best skins and telling everyone else who doesn't have that skin that they're a noob... I've seen too many of that kind. Because of this I'm most likely going to be selling my whole inventory to buy some games, and I'm only going to be keeping a few skins to play with. Play a game like Warframe, if you want some good standard community. At least those guys HELP you get a prime weapon or something, which is just heartwarming. But in this game, basically no one WANTS to help you, seeing as no one is smart enough to do so.INTRODUCTION TO THE (bullsh_t) BALANCE:I myself am a Primal Carnage veteran. I used to enjoy playing on both dinosaur AND human side in the original game and played a few good matches, killing every enemy in sight. Aaaah, the good old days. Well, I assure you, those days are no more. The original Primal Carnage is almost dead by now. Nearly all servers are down, only about 5 to 8 servers are still active. When I played THAT game, there were a few bugs here and there, nothing to be ashamed of.However, when Lukewarm disbanded and Circle 5 adopted this game, things went straight down to hell. Dinosaurs are essentially overpowered and humans are underpowered. Human walkcycle animations look f_cking terrible too, it looks like they sh@t their pants and need to take it off. I myself had to put 5 shots from the Pathfinder's shotgun into ONE RAPTOR to kill it. Wohoo, great F_CKING BALANCE! And then there is the Double-Barreled shotgun... Well I myself never used it, but from what I saw, it's about the last thing that keeps the human team strong. And then people say it's OP simply because it's OU (overused). I just don't see the realism in this game at all. The original Primal Carnage had a shotgun that was literally able to kill raptors in ONE SHOT, which it should be able to, if you look at shotguns in real life. Well, F_CK the idea of balance, let's have the primary weapon of the pathfinder... *drum roll* A marshmallow gun! Yeah, the players would love that! Tyrants are f_cking bullet sponges. It takes way too many hits to kill them. Raptors are essentially impossible to hit. Carnos are so fast you simply cannot hit them, as well as the fact that their attacks are too strong. The only classes that are still decently balanced are the flyers.INTRODUCTION TO THE (molesting) MARKET:When I jumped up to the market, I thought, ""Hey, this could not be such a bad idea."" There were DLC skins in the original game, that were just there for DLC and when the community was actually really kind and such. Hell, I even met the legendary AlienDinosaurHunter back then.But once, again, I was wrong. most of the little kids that basically own this game by now are all about getting the best and most expensive skins available. If you don't want to trade with them, they will just start scamming you or writing negative comments on your profile. Do they even know how easy it is to get skins? It's way too easy! You just hop on to a server that does NOT have idle kick, leave your computer for the night (while still on that server) and wake up in the next morning. You just acquired 6 common skins, 3 uncommon skins, 2 rares and 1 legendary! Easy way to make money for buying new games! I myself have not tried out this method before, but from what my friends told me this method actually *giggles* F_CKING WORKS!PERSONAL OPINIONS, RATING AND EPILOGUE:I myself am not an adult. Hell, I'm still a kid. I just turned 15. But from what I've seen, this is the least mature that people can possibly get in roleplay. I try to have decent roleplays with people who actually check their spelling and have some creativity. But this... This is just utter bullsh_t. I have autism as well, so me and my OCD nature always check up on spelling, although I'm not a grammar nazi.Ratings:Pros-Good concept.-A few nice people, however 95% of all the people there are sh_t.-Good OST, I actually like it.-Nice graphics, even though my laptop is too sh_t to run the highest settings, they are still decent graphics.-Good dinosaur animations and sounds.-A few still active TDM servers.-No hackers. (I'm not kidding, there are no hackers.)Cons-Horrible community.-Horrible physics.-The original game was a masterpiece. This is supposed to be a sequel to the game? Nononono.-Skin-hungry people.-Bullsh_t balance and combat system.-Horrible human animations.-Cringey roleplays.-Dinosaur porn made by kids.-Absolutely sh_t admins. (Most of them.)-Market.-Circle 5 adopted this game and turned it into the pile of garbage that it is now.-No official servers, which explains why there are a lot of power-abusive admins.Rating: 3/10.I hope this review helped you decide whether or not to buy this game. I myself bought this during early acces, AND when I had the original Primal Carnage, so I had a sale of 85% off on this game, so I can't really say much about if it's worth the money or not. For now, I just want to f_cking die because of the spelling mistakes I saw on the servers. Most of those mistakes are actually intentional, by the way. There was one guy who spelled ""Watching"" as ""Wtahcieng"" or something like that. And those roleplays... Please kill me.I hope you have a good day. This is Jack_DvR, signing off."
,Not Recommended,321360,15936413,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,AtinirVen,"Primal Carnage Extinction is basically the same as the first Primal Carnage game except far worse. I would recommend staying away from this game and just buying the prequel. This sequel (if you can even call it a sequel) has been nothing but frustrating from development to the release. I'll consider changing my review if the game ever gets fixed but I don't have high hopes for it.Here's the gist.-edit-So after a few broken updates, I still can not in good conscience recommend this game. DON'T get tricked by the flashy updates. Survival mode online is completely broken. I tried hosting a server for friends to join but they couldn't find it. We tried joing official servers but one of the official servers was set to wave 999 and wouldn't let us begin the match and another 2 servers were at wave 1 but we still could not start survival mode. It may require 5 people to join to start the match (which is ridiculous since no one plays this game anymore) but don't bet on this game working properly. The game is still unbalanced and there is still a cash shop.Pros- Graphics are decent- A few new maps- The sound is decentNeutral- There are 5 semi new dino classes. They are basically reskins with new skills. (This adds to the balancing issues though)Cons- There are major balancing issues (More down below)- There are still bugs that prevent you from joining a server- Not much was really added into this game that wasn't in the prequel- The loot system and cash shop were really the only addition (unwelcomed imo)- T-Rexes and Spinoes are cool in the beginning but eventually you get annoyed at always having 3 OP tyrants glitching through walls to eat you- The community (in Team Deathmatch and Get to the Chopper) really aren't that funThe main problem with this game is balancing. The humans are so nerfed that there might as well be a steak costume class for them. There are 5 human calsses but only 3 of them are useable. The pathfinder (Shotgun) and trapper are way underpowered. The dinos win almost every match with twice the kill count as humans. And as a result, everyone always wants to play on the dino team and the team balancing is so broken that you'll probably always play as the humans. Most of the maps are very open which is great for the T-Rex and Spino that just chase you down as soon as you spawn. And there are very few places for humans to hide so be prepared to be swarmed by tyrants all the time. And be careful hiding behind walls b/c tyrants love to phase through them to eat you.To be honest, I'm not entirely sure why the developers made this game. Except to con people out of cash. The only reason to play this game seems to be role playing as a pretty dinosaur. Seriously, I'm not joking. Most of the servers are actually role playing."
76561198008267928,Not Recommended,321360,14563576,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ozlo,"If you have played the original Primal Carnage, then all this game will be to you is a poorly balanced and buggier version of that game, full of cosmetic microtransactions. There is no point in buying or supporting it, the main servers don't work, and all the decent servers are privately run by ""The Killing Crew"" some gaming group that seems to have banned about 30% of the playerbase from their servers, essentially making the game unplayable for them(full disclosure, I was also banned). I don't understand how a company can remake a game using 95% of the assets while adding so little new content, and yet the game isn't even as playable as the already buggy original version.I can't recommend this game, and I don't want people to support this company."
,Not Recommended,321360,26505537,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Komaeda凪斗,"I’ll keep this review short and simplistic for everyone.I can’t recommend this game since there are many bugs that occur (Bugs that keep re-occurring) and the game is NOT focused on TDM (Team Death Match). The most common game type is FreeRoam which in its name describes what it is; free roam. Essentially there is no aim to the game type but to roleplay. I am not stating that this game type is bad only that the intended purpose of the game is not being fulfilled.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Roleplaying 101---> Prentend you're a dinosaurDone. You have now mastered roleplay, and are ready to move onto the next level.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Second, the game is focused on skins instead of the gameplay. This game is beautiful, but you need a good graphics card to enjoy it. The gameplay is a little strange when it comes down to damage. In short I do not believe the dinosaurs should win nearly every match against humans. Also, what doesn't make sense to me is that they are sending weak humans to exterminate dinosaurs. Why on earth would you not send them in with the strongest fire power like a heavy sniper or something. No? Alright, send them in with some water guns.Many people have expressed what they wish this game to be like but ultimately it comes down to the devs on what they wish to incorporate."
76561198288006916,Not Recommended,321360,29134795,Posted: 8 January,all,RoyalMadness,"Lets just start off with the bad things about this game...It can be really laggy, scratch that insanely laggy.Officail servers are always empty, leaving you with power hungry admins of unofficial servers. There are very few unofficial servers that have amazing admins thus making the game no fun unless you wanna do rounds of single player mode.There are some bugs, expecialy with the raptor pounce. Some bugs even making it impossible to use one of the two attacks, this makes it extreamly hard.Good things...It has nice graphics.You can choose from a viriety of skins(that you have to buy)..There is a single player mode so if you get sick of people...Honestly.. With the official servers being so lonely the game isn't as fun. You can hardly go anywere without an awful admin making the game no fun. Some people may say ""Well don't go to those servers"" that's pretty hard to do when all the nice servers are full. The servers seem to be getting worse and it seems like people just keep feeding the bad admins egos."
76561198340379936,Not Recommended,321360,33684967,Posted: 20 July,all,▶ Munch Master ◀,"This game has suffered a fate worse than death.Although I will continue to play this game from time to time, I do not recommend this game anymore. A good 70% of the servers have nobody playing them. It's alright though, because these servers tend to have ping through the roof. So let's see what we have for servers under 150 ping. ""No kill roleplay,"" ""chill or kill (Translation: No kill, only chill),"" and deathmatch servers with nobody on them. There are only 2 servers that you can ""play"" the game on, both being official servers. Every other server is ""Plz no kill I wanna erp as my raptor OC Moonglitter"" or ""BRO I WAS A FRIENDLY SPINOSAURUS WHY DID YOU KILL ME?! I'M CALLING AN ADMIN TO BAN YOU!"" If you want to have a fun dinosaur versus human experience, just play the original Primal Carnage. It has about 80+ people playing a day, at it's an actual game.Next up is how this game has become the Team Fortress 2 of dinosaur games. Want to talk to someone? Well, if you don't have the same $80 Radioactive T-Rex as them, then sorry. You need skins, hats, and other cosmetics to get any sort of recognition at all.If it updates, then i'll play for a bit. For now, i'm done with it, but each to their own."
76561198134346872,Not Recommended,321360,31616333,Posted: 7 May,all,Get Noided,"Oh boy here we go.So I'd like to start off by saying I have long been a fan of this franchise. I bought this game's predecessor on my old steam account and on this account much much later, and then purchased this on BOTH accounts (for what reason I don't know I was like 12~13) during early access. Between the two accounts I've logged upwards of 200ish hours. Back then this game was kick♥♥♥♥♥ the community was still awesome, the balancing issues were pretty crazy but it worked, it was good. Cut to 3 years later and the community has gone down the drain. Endless amounts of 11 year old roleplayers and cringey pre-teens pretending to be dinosaurs in romantic relationships on most servers. Now it sounds like I'm kidding when I say most servers but that's literally all there is. There are about 50~60 servers open at any given time (depending on where you live) and about 3 of them are TDM and one is GTTC. The rest are ""chillout"" servers (nothing happens in these servers, it's mostly AFK people just running their computers for loot drops) or roleplay servers, which are home to a vast array of 6~12 year olds who make dinosaur porn. Not kidding, they roleplay dinosaurs ♥♥♥♥ing. It's honestly sad to see because this game was one of my favourites. I'll probably play it here and there just because I own it but honestly this one is gonna be lost in time to me verrrry quickly. Two years ago? Worth it, 100%. Today? No go.TLDR: Overall decent game with a community that makes CSGO look heavenly."
,Not Recommended,321360,15190768,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,|KJ| Alex,"While Primal Carnage is my favourite game, Primal Carnage: Extinction is just bad. Basically everything that made the original game a great experience has been altered. Balance and pacing are terrible. The only thing people care about now is loot.Don't buy it."
76561198138706122,Not Recommended,321360,30270306,Posted: 1 March,all,Batstin,"I cannot recommend this game in its current state, I have a 1000+ hours recorded on this game and I have spent many hours playing this game and being apart of this community, thus I cannot recommend a game that claims its a shooter when in reality its basically a freeroam/roleplaying game. The game is centerned around skins and its graphics, that is all it currently has going for it at the moment. The community is overrun with people pressuring the devs for updates solely for skins and more items, not actually game fixes or updates and the devs in return send out those updates too quickly resulting into more major issues for the core of the game itself. Which makes a lot of game more broken than it already is, they have ruined a lot of classes with hard nefs left and right, balance fixes that don't actually help and their dino turning radius's are horrendus. Not to mention finding a good TDM server up is a rare sight when freeroam is everywhere and that is where most of the majority of players can be found.  There would need to be a lot more gameplay fixes and better balances before I could ever recommend this game again, so for now it will stay a broken unbalanced mess with children running around bragging about their feather novaraptor skin. If you're looking for a human vs dino game I recommend the original Primal Carnage."
76561198207060696,Not Recommended,321360,34740991,Posted: 4 September,all,G_A_B_B_E,"My reviewYou may see some bad english but i'm gonna try my best.I have been playing this for a long time and ive enjoyed many hours of it, in fact it was the third game that i downloaded on my account. I played it alot without seeing any problems until now. The game itself isn't bad its the community thats the big problem. You can literally not play on any servers in this game cuz you have to be this cute little snowflake thats so nice to everyone or you will get banned because the people in this game are so easely offended. Ive gotten banned for just saying in the chat that i got killstealed which is absoluetly ridiculous. And problably 80% of the games community is problably 12 year old kids. Heres the logic if u haven't stealed your parents credit card and bought a legendary skin ur considered a noob. And then we have the admins who are the police in the community that will ban you for just saying something that every other person does in every other videogame.These are the different gamemodes TDM which i thought was how the game was made to be played, Roleplay where all the kids go to roleplay that they are these legendary beasts, or they talk about ♥♥♥♥ing sex? yep its cringey its cringey af. Then we have freeroam which is where all the *pros* go and talk with their friends or do nothing and just stand on top of a mountain doing nothing, then we have survival which is a gamemode that no one plays thats kind of cool.I can keep on going with this review but this is all you have to know."
,Not Recommended,321360,31693453,Posted: 11 May,all,Cup Fuckhead,"There are only 2 devs left, the sound designer and the economy specialist. Run."
76561198044709703,Not Recommended,321360,14755406,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Deadeyes the Clown,"Bears the same name as its predecessor, but has very little resemblance to it in actual gameplay. What started out as a recode to fix the increasing issues of the original PC became a whole new game all together that changed eveything about it. What was once a well balanced and competitive game that I spent over a 1000 hours playing turned into a buggy mess and now in the latest incarnation has completely wiped out the balance and competitivness of the game and turned it into a loot generator. Hop on and you'll see plenty of loot servers where you can go AFK for hours and ""earn"" skins that you can sell for hundreds of dollars on some occasions. No joke.Seriously?Get real."
,Recommended,321360,25372435,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ChanTheMan0305,After playing this game for some time I have concluded that Primal Carnage:Extinction is a middleschool/highschool dating sim gameYou get to choose out of these classes:Tyrants:These guys always like to picks fights with each other and their classmates to show them whos the king of the dinosaurs but they arent too good at arm wrestlingBruisers:These Track and field masters but they are also kinda awkward with their personalitiesfeathered Raptors: These are the really popular snobby kids that think their all that with their pretty plumage but in reality they are the same as their scaly cousinsScaled Raptors:Regular normal people that get pushed around by their feathery cousins for not being as flashy as themOviraptors:Extremely beta versions of the raptors they have social anxiety and use inhalers during gym classPteras:The batshit crazy kid that is probably using performance enhancing drugs during gym but also loses all arm wrestles due to their skinny physiqueTupas: The pteras stoner cousins they skip class to smoke dope and also have a thing for using their head literallyCryos: The weird kids that spit at you when you startle them they also really like to hang with carnos and talk about animeDilos: The really nasty kids that no one wants to talk too because they spray it and dont say it well atleast their breath smells like fruit which makes them great kissers at the schoolSpinos: The buff guy that is the champion on the swim team seriously he can win any arm wrestle and outswim anyone on the teamAcros: The tall and lanky guys with powerful thunder thighs which can send all smaller classmates to their doomGive this review a thumbs up because you know Im right
,Not Recommended,321360,16089861,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,∮ Sp00ksitize,"Roleplay is slowly taking over Team Deathmatch. I don't like that.EDIT: Didn't realize this review would get so much attention. I might as well tell you what I do and don't like about the gamePros: Dinosaurs, potential, enjoyable classes for both teams, well designed mapsCons: 90 percent of the servers are roleplay, glitches/bugs..everywhere.., not balanced, the guns sound like Im launching marshmellowsMost people are focused on skins for the game more than actual gameplay, which is still not fixed.. even though they fully released the game. All I can hope for is that one patch that'll fix everything, otherwise roleplay will fully takeover. And no, this game isn't about roleplay, it's about killing dinosaurs with guns and explosives."
,Recommended,321360,30397223,Posted: 8 March,all,oogrelover69,I really like the game but I think more people are roleplaying than actually playing the game.
,Recommended,321360,22521240,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ZAN,"I don't get why so many people don't like this game. For what it introduces, it nails. The humans are not under powered, in fact if they get a good strategy, they can easily kill even the biggest tyrants quickly. A pathfinder can 2 hit kill a carno close up so the dinos arent that over powered. you just need skill to be a human, at shooters. Great game!"
76561198056468036,Not Recommended,321360,16265955,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,λze - Twitch (aze_tf),"I have played this a lot. I've given it a good go. I would only recommend it to make steam wallet as the crates are worth a lot when they  are new, if you like trading in tf2 theres a great economy whilst it lasts. who knows how long? Otherwise, I wouldnt actually play it anymore without getting bored or frustrated.Every update fixes some problems and creates more, the devs work very hard and i really wanted the game to be good but unfortunately, the devs have no concept of game balance what so ever. A real shame, there was a lot of potential for this game but its just not working.The hoard mode is extremely simple, and boring, the Team deathmatch mode is just too unbalanced and every class can 1 shot the other, no-one really wants to play cod but in dino form. a good side is that the dinos look great, handle quite well in some updates, worse in others and theres no hackers. Finally, this game attracts a very young audience with no concept of sportsmanship, if theres a glitch of OP class, it will be exploited to hell."
76561198133433515,Not Recommended,321360,22989096,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,JamusTheMallard™,"Oh you played the first primal carnage? Yea this is nothing like it, the old primal carnage was way better. this one... well to start it's not as smooth as the first game and the classes are broken. hardly anyone plays real gamemodes and the community is a bunch of 10 year olds, no joke. Yea the came LOOKS cool but all the gameplay aspects are broken and it just doesn't live up to it's older brothers legacy"
76561198158877436,Not Recommended,321360,29169581,Posted: 10 January,all,Bluefire,"The game itself is okay, but features like Changing the damn controls doesnt work at all"
76561197993728166,Recommended,321360,15298956,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Tarious,"Click here for a video review:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=422946666I bought the original Primal Carnage a few years ago on sale and enjoyed it immensely. I bought Primal Carnage: Extinction at the start of January and boy was it a broken mess. The balance was terrible, a lot of bugs, and everyone moved at 1000 miles per hour. When I saw the game was finally released, I expected to play it and it still be a broken mess, however I was shockingly surprised that it was actually playable now and it was superior to the original Primal Carnage.For anyone unfamiliar with the series, this game is basically a FPS/TPS where one team plays as dinosaurs in third-person and the other team plays as humans in first-person. Each side has different classes. Humans have classes like a sniper, a trapper, and a pyro. Dinosaurs have classes like the T-Rex, those spitting dinosaurs from Jurassic Park, and the raptor. This of course is to just name a few.There are several gamemodes like Team Deathmatch (the main gamemode) and Get to the Chopper (a Def/Atk type gamemode), and with Extinction you now have Dino Deathmatch and Roleplay (ughh). Most servers you'll see will be running team deathmatch or roleplay, with a few rarely playing the other gamemodes.First off, this game is pretty well balanced. Both sides are fun to play, so you won't dread switching teams. There are a few balance problems here an there like Pathfinder still being overpowered as hell. Other than that, it's the most balanced the series has ever been. The graphics are really good looking now, and much improved upon since the original.One of my main problems with Extinction is the changes to human outfits. In the previous game, all the classes wore different outfits and were easy to tell apart. For some reason they decided to give the Scientist, Commando, and Pathfinder all green outfits this time, so they can sometimes be hard to tell apart. This also brings us to the next problem.The developers decided to take a page out of TF2's book and have hats and random drop skins and outfits. If you think it's hard to tell apart classes now, wait till you see someone running around dressed up like Santa Claus (yes this seriously exists), or wearing completely different items than the default model. This also takes away the style of the game especially when you see a dinosaur wearing earmuffs. As you'd expect this leads to an extremely toxic community and speaking of which...The community isn't the best in the world. You have people focused on getting drops, others forcibly dieing, and let's not forget the roleplay servers. This isn't RP like's Garry's Mod. There's literally nothing to really do in these servers except walk around yet half the servers (and just to let you know there's probably 20 servers max) are roleplay and another 1/2 are dominated by 24/7 single map servers. The previous Primal Carnage game got to the point where the only active servers at certain times were roleplay servers. Right now there's a lot of active people, but there's a chance that once the newness wears off from the game, it could become impossible to find a server.There are a few bugs here in there like spawning above water thus dieing and the infamous crazy legs. The biggest bugs right now are related to the netcode. If you have a tiny bit of lag you'll be unable to pounce as the raptor even after the lag ends, also there's extreme amounts of rubberbanding. You can swoop down as a pteranodon, kill someone, then half a second later be at the top of the skybox even though you did just kill someone on the ground. Not uncommon to be walking on a 2nd story platform for several minutes then to randomly rubberband to the ground floor. Although these bugs shouldn't take too long to fix, and not a huge deterrent from playing.I recommend buying the game, you'll defiantly get your moneys worth of enjoyment out of it."
,Not Recommended,321360,15221596,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Fain,Got this based on good reviews. What they fail to mention is the game is really wonky. Controls are rubbery. Lag compensation of the servers seems way off and results in rubberbanding even in low latancy. Animations are choppy making it difficult to know if a Dino is lagging or simply being poorly animated. I dunno. I'm going to give this more time. But my first impressions aren't great.This game also impliments a TF2 type item drop for custimizations for your humans and dinos. A side effect of this is you'll find people sitting afk in matches quiet often.
,Not Recommended,321360,30803565,Posted: 28 March,all,N-Sign,"if you are looking for a dino vs. human shooter, this is about your only option.  it is pretty good, but half the servers are filled with people roleplaying dino sex, and only one team deathmatch server populated."
,Recommended,321360,15480663,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Dux Claudius,"Lets get started shall we- prosplenty of easter eggs and fun glicheshours of fundropping system that doesn't take 4 HOURS ( im talking to you VALVE)NO P2WGraphics are greatmovments are smooth and not stiffGreat communityand most important of all IT WORKS- Consgameplay is a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥not much to no balancedinos are the more desired teamthe dino/human selection is limitedsticking glitches such as rocks, trees, and etc.and finally the amount of Hackers on secure servers i mean reallyOver all i say its pretty good aslong as you wait :)"
,Recommended,321360,32827598,Posted: 26 June,all,《 ᴀ ᴋ ʟ ᴇ ᴍ ᴏ 》,+Fun Gameplay+Great Workshop/Skins+Dino Killing+Good Atmosphere-Difficult Dino Controls-Server Lag-Lack of Playable Servers-Some HackersGo for it if you want a good dino-game to lay back and slay.
76561198082073893,Recommended,321360,20418735,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ficus planicostata,"*Updated*Pros-1: 5 diffrent gamemodes and whit 2 more in the making.2: Both teams are enjoyable and fun.3: Nice graphics.4: Maps are enjoyable reaching all the way up to freezing mauntain tops to muddy swamps.5: More content than Primal carnage, and more players.6: The atmosphere is awesome.7: Subclasses and diffrent weapons gives this game nice twist.8: The devs are amazing, they listen to their players, they'll gladly help you if you're having problems whit the game, they don't rage or use shocking words towards their player base ( I'm looking at you The Isle ) they're active and easy to come in contact whit and they're doing everything they can to get the best out of the game, good ♥♥♥♥ing job devs 10/10Cons-1: The community is crawling whit Heartless haters and 6 year old mindless kids. In other words, the community is S.H.I.T, i'd recommend you never go there unless you know what you're talking about.2: There's way to many chill out and freeroams servers, wich sometimes can make it rather hard to find4: Small player base, whit around 500-700 active players.5: The human team could need some more love.I'm enjoying this game way more than the old Primal Carnag to be honest.Overall this is an good game and i would recommend it, i'd give it 7-8 out of 10. But before buying it make sure to do some research on this game. We don't wanna get more haters right?"
,Not Recommended,321360,13223337,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Fuzzyfire17,"With being an former QA Tester of the original Primal Carnage, this is just atrocious. The recode was intended on being the exact same original game, but all polished and with all of the silly additions from Primal Carnage 1.3 gone. Instead, Pub Games decided to take over, change LWM to Circle 5 and remake the game for a brand new profit that will never come to be.During the sale of July for the original Primal Carnage, Lukewarm Media sold over 2,500 copies. During this brand new release, they didn't even sell over 230 copies and 100 keys were given away to those who refused to pay money for the same game and they had every right to do so.Honestly, the only pros I can tell are the graphics, but even then, the original Primal Carnage has the same graphics.Cons-Animation are either stiff or too bendy-Dinosaurs attack too slowly-Human weapons fire too slowly-Collision testing was obviously not done as you can fall through the map and most of the map is awkward to fly/walk around.-Some spawn points you are above the actual landmark. For example, I spawn as a Pteranadon and I am walking in the air above the cliff I'm supposed to be on.-Flight animations are innacurate and poor. Diving is VERY slow.-Chat cannot be used if you intend on using the letter T due to the fact that it will erase what you typed prior to it. You have to use the console command which is ~ and use the command 'say', then space, then type your message.-Balancing seems to be in the human's favorAll in all, this should have never been something that anyone should have paid for. If you're really desperate, just get the original, it is a heck of a lot better than this.Yes, it does say 'Early Access', but they also say that ""Most of our core gameplay mechanics are complete, and we feel that the game is in an enjoyable state."" I disagree."
76561197997174946,Recommended,321360,15271561,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Sharp Solid,Almost same previous game Primal Carnage only better graphics and some new mods.+ Good graphics and good movements+ More Dinosours species+ Good chat design- None melee combat system(Even first game had a good melee combt system)- Some technical issues still existSeveceğiniz bir oyun alın.
76561198029675269,Not Recommended,321360,33021563,Posted: 29 June,all,Sniffy,"I enjoyed this game before the skin simulatior, It's really boring to see that the only way this game is going to survive is by skins, The game isn't bad itself, The game mechanics are easy to control but can be a bit glitchy, otherwise its a great improvment since the original game in 2012.So why do I not recommend it? well the community is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like really its just a bunch of immature people that runs around and thinks that they're a god when they have the rarest skins on the game, which is another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t thing, If you've ''good'' skins you'll be treated like a god, almost everyone will follow you and listen to you. Oh and if forgot to mention almost every admin i've talked to are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, they treat you like you're a peasant or a handicapped person who can't talk, they think that they're always right and will ban you if you're against their actions, there are some mature admins but not many.There are not many servers that have a fairly good ping, maybe its because there are no offical servers, the developers were forced to nerf the skin drops because no one was playing Team Deathmatch *cough* skin simulatior *cough* everyone was standing afk all the time and waited for skins, Or just ♥♥♥♥ed around being friendly with eachother all the time so no one actually played the game how it was supposed to be.If you want a fairly good dino game where you can actually play as a dino go ahead and try but i've warned you-No skins?=Treated like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've seen it too many times and will not continue to play a game where the community is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ There a said it, the truth."
,Recommended,321360,29869370,Posted: 12 February,all,Sharkmare Moon,"People said this game is overrun with cringy RP servers.People called for Roaming mode to be removed.I ignored their warnings and just bought 4 copies to check out the game since all of them said the gameplay is solid.What i found was that despite the one person calling the community special timblr snowflakes that are easily offended truly in reality he was the one offended by them being allowed to play on a server instead of the server being forced to be TDM.When i wanna Chill and possibly kill, the i go to a roam server that is chill and kill.When i wanna do a TDM, guess what, I go into a ranked TDM server.I mean ♥♥♥♥ing hell how much of a ♥♥♥♥♥ do you have to be to go ""some people rp so i cant choose to only use TDM servers"" like grow the ♥♥♥♥ up the game is still great when you actually join the servers you want to instead of ♥♥♥♥♥ing that some servers arent the way you want to.And wile the game does have a few bugs and the graphics are nowhere near ARK or Project:Cars level i do recommend the game as a time killer or if you just want to shoot the♥♥♥♥♥♥and have some fun.I'm going back in!"
76561198095030949,Not Recommended,321360,29084355,Posted: 7 January,all,KrennicDaddy,"As many,  I stopped giving the Developers chances to improve their game after every 2 months patch that'd ruin the game futhermore so I stopped playing. I gave the game round about a year before coming back seeing if things have changed. Now Returning and reninstalling it gave me tromendous pain. However I can say, for once Circle 05 actually fixed something? ""What's that? the community?!"" aHA No they're still roleplaying cancertards which I'll get into later. But what did they fix? Belive me or not they fixed the game's balance.I feel a relaxing feeling go down my spine saying that the game is FINALLY balanced. That's what this game and the orginal primal carnage hadn't quite got right, well right at all. Primal carnage was fine but for PC:E It was terriable humans would always be at a massive disadvantage againest dinosaurs. Espically considering how majority would chose dinosaurs so they could show their "" majestic "" skins and humans had terriable gun and team mechanics. Bassically PC:E used to be a gaint cluster ♥♥♥♥. But they've fixed everything now with tyrants and carno's having a scoring system to play as, stopping people from overunning humans at the start and humans no longer have pea shooters! They actually have 'weapons' since they've been re worked. And some of the classes have been modified to play out better. which makes some functional team work required to get things done now which makes things less fustrating. However I feel like those things should of been there on day one, They're not excatly hard things to think of either. But whats it like with the game being balanced and actually being playable? Well, Medicore.The game isn't nor memorable or exicting. And for me and many players, the damge has been done. So its hard trying to get into the game, its bitter sweet in the end. Why though? the maps aren't as likeable as the orginal's and the art style is off. Some of the dinosaur textures are meh and playing as them feels like an alright experince nothing special. The game's colour pallet feels like a rotten mess of depressing colours and shades mixed together. And Human models and animations are pathetic. So playing the game you feel like you're in a rejected Alice and wounder land peice. This is on all high graphics. You can play survival but you're not missing out on anything.There are two other game modes  unfortuantly no one plays them. So the game has been re-worked so you can actually play it now and win a round as humans for once, however it pays off being medicorce multiplayer shooter in the end and its not worth the wait.Now. Since this is manily a multiplayer game. The community has to be an elment to tribute to the game's health and quailtly, it defines the game sometimes . Now does this game have a healthy good community?. Hell to the No, 100x No. Primal Carnage: Extinction's community is probably one of the worst communities to exist. Yes probably even worse then Gary's mod's. But have the people changed and shifted to other games over time? Nope they're still freaky weeaboos and furries that draw dinosaur porn. thats not a joke. Some details on what these ♥♥♥♥s do. If you kill one of these people they'll use forms of admin abuse againest you, kick you for no reason. Even being next to them in a game trigger's them so much that they'll find a means of banning you.These people have no means of forms of comprehension or criticism. You'll see them down vote negative reveiws and talk on the forums. The worst is when they throw tantrums. thats not an exageration, Some of these people are young adults. Now People will say they're avoidable considering they're mainly on Freeroam and roleplay servers. However you're going to find urself on those servers because another of the game's problems is that everyone plays on these severs so you're going to find urself run into these types of people often. Because theres rarely any players on the intended Team death match servers.  If you want to see how cancerous community, is check out Dino the shitking's showcase of of how bad some people's creations are..http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=677094078(Graphic content)So in the end the game is playabe now but if you want to play mediocre dinosaur V human gameplay be me geuss but it comes of the risk with dealing with a terriable community. If you want to play a worthy dinosaur experience check out Collusion course or saurian. Or play the isle if you're desprete to play it ( hurt to say that)."
,Recommended,321360,13276301,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SAY10,"*** BASED ON THE WIP/EARLY ACCESS TIME PERIOD ***+ Upgraded shaders and tweaks within the Unreal Engine make the game much smoother, ensuring that older hardware can still run this at high/highest settings. This is esentially a remake or recode of the original, but one that runs 30x better.+ Graphics are still up to par with the style and setting of the game; landscape looks lush and awesome, the models look defined and detailed.+ DLC from Primal Carnage, their first game that this one is basically a clone of, carries over into this game, so your raptor skin, assault skin, etc etc will be carried into Primal Carnage: Extinction.- Servers can't seem to handle the influx of new players as of this time; some games lag so badly the game is nearly unplayable, others won't let you join a team and glitch out, others kick you from a match for various reasons.- Class balance is slightly off on this, as the Pteranodons seem to be bullet sponges and the Spinosaurus is now playable in TDM. Changes may come later as this is still a WIP game but tweaks are needed on some classes, both dino and human.- Not free :( ""Primal Carnage 2.0"" as this was once interanlly known as was supposed to be a massive, free tweak of the game to weed out all the old game engine's problems. Lukewarm has since been absorbed and is now known as Circle 5 Games, who had other ideas and have since released a for-pay remake of Primal Carnage. Some may like it, others may not.This game is shaping up to be fantastic though. It has its issues but this a WIP/Early Access review, and I'm sure by final release from now until then that many issues will be addressed and fixed. It already feels much smoother than its parent game - of which it is a re-made clone - so I have faith in the developers to continue making what I think is arguably the best dinosaur vs human FPS game to have ever been on Steam."
76561198353523153,Recommended,321360,32211547,Posted: 5 June,all,DarkTheNightWing,Amazing game! I personally prefer dinosaur but it's so addictive and I have a good amount of hours already!
,Not Recommended,321360,19248032,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Vector,"The game and graphics are great. Fun Gameplay, HOWEVER, the first game was better than Extinction.Ya wanna know why?All these skins and♥♥♥♥♥♥you could ever obtain was like, actually obtainable. No drop crap. And hah, well, you see about these drops... it makes the community a wild place. Toxic.People scamming, people begging, people goin' about and showing off whatever they got. Now, on the older game. All that crap was all DLC meterial. A little extra. And man, it was nice. Everyone was a lot nicer and less greedy because all that was accessable.Now, let us get onto the subject of the community, eh? Alright, so the community is filled with a lotta greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥holes and a whole lotta trolls. Ya wanna become prey of trolls? Play this game. HOWEVER, if you wanna AVOID trolls, play something like Warframe. Yeah. the community there is a nice community.Now, not all the people who play Primal Carnage: Extinction are bad people, of course. A lotta nice people and nice friends play this. It just so happens this game is overrun with trolls. And is considered to be known for its acidic community. I have a few friends on XBOX ONE who NEVER even TOUCHED this game, but have had friends who have and say all but the same thing.Anyhow, I play it rarely these days and really gave up on caring about this game. The developers want money which, for the record, would probably get MORE if they made every skin and some maps DLC packs rather than makign a profit off of the cancerous market. That is just my opinion. So even those who run the game and all are not to tango with much.There are a few nice developers, of course, but only a few.So yeah, there is my review. Other than that, the game has some amazing graphics, it is fun to play (when not facing the cancerous community), and yeah, kinda good.But do I truly recommend it? Ehhh.. I would say no, which I am gonna, but it is all up to you guys whether or not ya think it is worth it. Because, as you may see, this game certainly has its ups and downs. Soooo yeaaah.."
76561198050684944,Not Recommended,321360,28126270,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jynn,"Coming back to this after several months of keeping an eye on the development, and I see little improvement.While there have been a few bug fixes and minor tweaks, it looks like most of the issues are still present, namely that humans are slow, cannot jump far, cannot climb, and at an over all disadvantage to the super easy to play dinosaur team, where all you have to do is press forward and right click.Most of the focus still seems to be on skins, but even worse than before because now the skins are gaudy and poorly done. It almost looks like there was no vetting process on quality for a skin to get into the game. I won't name specifics, because I don't want to shame anyone for their work, but I would've expected higher quality standards.Many of them are over saturated and look like they were done in MS Paint with blocky, blotchy markings and no sense of blending at all. Rainbow dinosaurs and unnatural, neon bright pterosaurs are eye searing and i'm glad i don't play anymore because i wouldn't be able to stand seeing them around me.I will continue to watch development, but so far I'm not enthusiastic on the future of this game.I have many hours in the game, yes, but that does not mean the game is good. It may have been decent once, but not anymore."
,Not Recommended,321360,21566344,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Danny Dorito,"This game upsets me.It's truly unlike any other class-based shooter, but not in a good way.Fast-paced human versus dinosaur combat, huh? Wrong.What gamemodes are supposed to be played more: Team Deathmatch and Get to the Chopper.Gamemodes that are actually played the most: Freeroam and Roleplay.YouTubers make this game look great.It's not.I don't plan on investing any more money into this game.This game had two paths it could've taken. It took the wrong one.Future updates may fix it though.There is still hope though.All this thing is now is a dinosaur mating and color/pattern/feather simulator.Someone let me know when things get better.I'm going to buy the original Primal Carnage soon. That's where you'll experience what this game promises you. If you know what's best for your time, you'd do the same. You'll save yourself a lot of time and money.Update: I've decided to play this game again after five months. It's taking steps in the right direction, but they're baby steps and the game balanced team wise, yet unbalanced due to the dinosaurs still being overpowered. I'm probably still not going to play this much, and if you own the game and don't Roleplay, you should do the same."
76561198209065567,Not Recommended,321360,29227034,Posted: 13 January,all,RaptorRex,"When i bought it like 2 yrs ago i loved it.Now its full of ""chill/ no kill"" The game was made to be a Dinosaur vs Human game. Which i loved that idea. Now that its like this. Im selling all of my skins and keys for some money.Cons:All 3 team deathmatch servers are fullCancer rp.""Chill and no kill"" is 75% of the servers. the 25% is full deathmatch and 1 player servers.Pros:If you are a cancer and cringy person then this is a game for you.Skins are fun to get.... When theres tdm2015 was a good time to play. Now its garbage.Devs, if you read this. Remove free roam, it will make the game much better.Until then. Goodbye PC Extinction."
76561198073961258,Not Recommended,321360,23938545,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Scanova the Carnotaurus,"Ok, only took me a year but I've finally come to a firm conclusion about what this game is.This game......is not bad. It's not bad. However, it just screams extreme mediocrity. If I had the option to put neither positive or negative on this game I would do it.Let's start with the only truly positive thing that I praise this game for, it's the content. This game has a ton of content for it's price, as well as many original features that the original game does not have. It has...like 1000 skins or something I didn't keep track, as well as new features such as the subclass system which is very nice.However, note how I compared the original game to this game for a minute. Now, I wouldn't be so hard on this game if the original game did not exist, because guess what? That game is way better than this one!The balance in this game is not good at all, infact it's one of the most unbalanced dinosaur games I know of.The humans in paticular, compared to the original game are dreadful in terms of their abilities.The commando does less damage than a nerf gun. My own♥♥♥♥♥♥has better range than the grenade launcher.The scientist is extremely clunky compared to the original game with it actually being extremely difficult to hit stuff as well as the sniper rifle having extremely poor rate of fire.The pathfinder is probably the best of the classes but despite this the hit detection with his weapons is so terrible.The pyro also has extreme♥♥♥♥♥♥poor damage.The trapper relies purely on its nets because hte pistols are dreadful in terms of damage as well.To add, there's no class on the dino side that's underpowered, infact they're a few that are overpowered.Raptors are by far the most OP thing in the game. They're stronger than a tyrant, and I'm not kidding you. They're circlejerk ability they pull on humans is nearly impossible to counter, and the pounce is pure skilless beyond beleive.The carnotaurus is also a tad overpowered (kinda ironic considering the carno in the original game is a tad underpowered), with it moving a lightspeed and being able to pull lightspeed combos on humans to instantly kill them.I know a freind who had actually kept an eye on this game's balance. He played nothing but TDM for around 100 hours of game time. Guess how many games humans won? 17Meanwhile, the original game is cheaper and has way better gameplay with much better balance (literally the only big balance issues are the Tyrants being a tad OP while the carno is a tad UP, but even then they were at a tolerable degree).Don't even get me started on the loot system either. There are alot of people saying the devs focus more on the loot system than the actual game, but I can tell you for certain that is not true. The main problem with the loot system is not that it exists, but because of how it's played out. The loot is sooooooooooooo inconsistant to the point where you can't even bother playing the game for drops, and the craft system is so cashgrabby that it's completely disgraceful. Depth, at the time of this writing, has just released their loot system, and it's already better than this one.Now, the final main topic:freeroam servers. Now I know alot of people hate the freeroam servers saying that once again people care more about skins than actual gameplay, which, once again, isn't completely true. You want to know why freeroam is so popular? Because you can see all the pretty stuff you're getting without having to go through the dreadful gameplay. Freeroam is a way out for many players to not have to deal with the bad gameplay. I end up doing this myself on occasion honestly.Final Verdict:This game.....is not the best. It's not on a level of most games of this caliber where it's not even worth playing, it's tolerable....if barely. I can't really say whether this game is bad or good because...it's neither. It's just mediocre. What I can say is.....GET THE ORIGINAL GAME. Whether ur thinking about buying this game or you're already an owner of it, buy it. Worth every penny."
76561198124177844,Recommended,321360,15450341,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Spagett spook victim,"Very addictive, both teams require good coordination to win. They fixed issues with lag on servers and I don't find the controls as bad as anyone says. I'm going to be playing this game for a while."
,Not Recommended,321360,14665239,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[TKC]TacTicToe,"Primal Carnage Extinction is a spinoff the original Primal Carnage that is no longer being developed. While the concept of this game is great, it does only appeal to a small niche market of players. Over the last several months I have done my best to support this game as much as I can. Alas it has gotten to a point where I have pretty much lost faith in Circle 5 to deliver a game worthy of the name.Game is in PEA and will be there for some time. PEA = Perpetual Early Access. C5 consistently miss all their marks for a timeline they setup for completion. When game was originally released as EA, it was slated to take about 45-60 days  reach completion and be a full release. This time has long come and gone and game really looks no closer to being completed. As such, I am now referring to the game state as PEA.Pros:• Fun game and great concept (Humans vs Dinosaurs)• Good price point for a game of this caliberCons:• Game is still VERY buggy as dev's try to figure out the version of Unreal they are using• Game is a massive headache for host• A pain to update - Each update you have to re-edit your server config• Server will not run as a service• Steam is required to be running for a server to appear in browser• No anti cheat, no proper working rcon, no proper server logging for stats• MOTD is a joke• Loot system and cosmetic items that have ruined the game• Most of community is toxic and only care about loot and not playing game• Q&A department fail miserably and do not properly test updates being releasedI could easily continue on. Bottom line the cons far out weigh the pros for this game, and I honestly do not see it getting better in the near future. For this reason I honestly can not recommend buying this game at this time."
,Recommended,321360,15478592,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MortalKAkatsuki96,"Very fun game for dinosaur lovers. I normally just play in the Free Roam area since I've been wanting a free roam dino game for a while, but if you get bored easily, then I don't think this game is for you. It can get boring quickly, especially if you're just free roaming. On kill servers, the fun can last a while, but the gameplay overall can get redundant and boring. I only keep playing because I like the dinosaurs and the community. XDI would recommend this game as I do to my friends in real life, but I just warn that if you don't play with friends, it can get really boring really quick.And as one of the other reviewers said, this game is mostly for dinosaur lovers, especially if you want to play this kind of game for a long time."
,Not Recommended,321360,26169878,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,SparkleButt,"This game could be really fun but everyone on here is super rude. Ive tried asking for help in multiple servers but everyone just trolls the hell out of me. it would be nice if there were at least a few kind souls out there that were willing to teach the newbies. I am returning this game solely on the fact that i sincerily believe that there is not one nice gamer on here. if you dont know how to play this game you are instantly pegged as a nusance and are asked to leave by multiple people. thanks for nothing you guys. ive been eyeballing this game for over a week and watching all the youtube videos, now i dont want to play it at all."
76561198111258192,Not Recommended,321360,15272642,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Phynx,"This game is okay, the gameplay is fun at times but it's really consistent. That's not exactly a good or a bad thing. The whole problem is that it's always that the human team spawn in a random place and the whole team is huddled up somewhere. But the spawns are random and you get separated from everyone if you die. Then there are the straggler dinosaurs that just kill you on the spot because there's no one to help you.What I would like to see is being allowed to spawn on a teammate or spawn on like flares, mines, or health packs which can be dropped by your teammates. That would allow more teamwork involved and not just have pyros holding down m1 whenever a dinosaur shows up and you die anyways.Playing as a dinosaur, it can be really frustrating. You are very limited but yet overpowered. It seems that it's always in one favor of a single team. The dinosaurs have their own possibilities but if the humans are actually compitent, you're done for. What you would normally do is just pick off straglers that just spawned. But that's no fun.The last thing I want to see is having more dedicated servers. There are very little for this game and you can't play anything except for team deathmatch or dino deathmatch. It makes gameplay very limited and you don't have that much to do.The good part of this game is that the gameplay is great and you can run this game on a lot of computers. You don't need a beast of a computer since you can just turn down your graphics to low. It helps a lot unlike all the games you see out there. The gameplay handles really nice but what I feel missing is a lot of variety. There are classes, sure but the dinos have so much more variety while the humans have only 5 classes.Overall Rating- 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,321360,23369566,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Drogon,"Though Primal Carnage/Primal Carnage: Extinction is not one of my most heavily-played games, I have been a Primal Carnage player since the game first released, so I've seen how it has evolved for better or worse over the years. I also heavily followed the game's development in the years leading up to its release, so it does mean something to me.That being said, I am for the most part quite dissatisfied with the direction the game has taken. I should first get out of the way the evident fact that Primal Carnage: Extinction is more like ""Primal Carnage: Rebooted"" because the *first* game was ruined by shoddy development. The developers didn't seem to know what they were doing with the game, and that led to progressively worse ""updates"" that ultimately warranted a fresh start.As it is now, Primal Carnage: Extinction has a lot going for it, but once again it lacks sense of direction or purpose. It seems the game has succumbed to the overhwelming pressure of obnoxious roleplayers who for some inane reason bought an FPS game to play The Land Before Time With Guns. ""Free Roam"" gamemodes dominate the multyiplayer servers, and at any given time there are only two or three actual deathmatch or any other relevant gamemodes to play. Clearly when it comes to dinosaur games, players want to just ~be a dinosaur~ without necessarily killing and getting killed in a fast-paced FPS environment, and the Primal Carnage developers have adjusted poorly to this audience by simply letting the game drown in a cesspoll of unengaging free roam servers.As it is right now, I absolutely cannot recommend it to any prospecting players. There are plenty of upcoming new dinosaur games around the corner that have the right idea, like The Isle, Mesozoica, and Saurian, so I would recommend just saving your money for those games.UPDATE: After a period of a few months I decided to try Primal Carnage: Extinction again to see how it has been coming along since I last played, and see if its situation had improved any. Unfortunately, the multiplayer servers are still dominated by that rediculous Free Roam gamemode, and while I am impressed with some new features that have been implemented, such as a ranking system, it's difficult for me to even take advantage of it because only a fraction of the servers (literally only two or three at any given time) are relevant gamemodes like Team Deathmatch and Get to the Chopper--all of which are usually either completely vacant or completely full, which makes it very difficult to play Primal Carnage: Extinction the way I paid money to play it. Therefore, I am still witholding my reccomendation of this game, but I am hopeful that change will come with time."
,Recommended,321360,14138874,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kurtz,"A decent shooter. Primal Carange: Extinction is light on content and features but still has some fun gameplay and well designed-maps.Pros:* Great detailed graphics that fully uses the Unreal 3 engine* Well balanced multiplayer* 2 teams with 5 different classes to choose from* Good Jurassic Park style atmosphere* There are Australian servers for us Australian gamersCons:* No offline bots (or any single player content at all)* Heaps of hit detection issues, especially when dinosaurs try to attack the human players* Some maps have their own snow versions. This seems like it’s just a cheap way to add more maps into the game* The team auto balance system is pretty poor at this time* A few minor map glitches that still need to be fixed"
,Recommended,321360,13335376,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,LugdunonTG,Gameplay and some thoughts:http://youtu.be/FJK43qSh4HgI was a big fan of Primal Carnage so when I first heard news of the recode I was pretty pleased to see it was getting an upgrade. So frankly my opinion hasn't changed from the first game. I've had very little problems with the early access build aside from a few minor graphical bugs. I'm certainly looking forward to seeing this game completed and polished. It's a great game thats a heap of fun.
,Not Recommended,321360,18977825,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Jarnbjorn,"I tried. I really did try to give this game chances to improve. Several decent updates later, a nightmare of a trillion billion demands for trades regarding skins and what can I say, the game just doesn't work in MY opinion. The Devs have and will probably continue to work extra extra hard to get this game to a beloved level but right now, several hundred hours after I posted my last review, i've had enough.Sure there are people with more hours, but i'd feel at near enough to 400 hours played I can give a honest review of the problems with the game and go straight to the point.-The balancing on teams DOES NOT work. Humans suck, every single one. The Commando class is useless, Scientist was nerfed into the ground and Pyro is literally the class you pick when you either cant aim or just want to spray and hope for the best. Pathfinder is barely hanging in there as balanced but overall humans are terrible and are in dire need of a boost and a tank class. Dinosaurs are all overpowered other than the flyers who i'll admit, are fine as they are.-Community is a mess. Trolls, annoying kids, racists yada yada yada all here. Do most games have them? Yes ofcourse, but here i'd throw the toxic ones up there with the CoD community. Smack talk or competition in a game is completely fine, but when some stupid kid whom you've killed just posts &quot♥♥♥♥♥u♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ur mum"" over and over..how is that in any way tolerable? Keep in mind that the in-game mute button is hormonal, sometimes it works, other times it doesnt. Admin abuse is still a thing, get kicked off a server for asking someone to stop swearing or because you're a ""n00b"" shouldn't be a thing but it is.-Skins...devs just rename this game ""Skin Simulator 2016"" because at this stage thats about the only thing anyone cares about. TDM server? Free Roam? Rp? Survival? GTTC? I'd say on 95% of the servers you WILL find that you have someone who will hassle you or others for skins. Don't get me wrong, the skins are gorgeous at to the people who make them hats off to you, you're Gods amongst Mortals. BUT..to the absolute tools who just take up lobby space waiting for a drop and only move to avoid the Leaver Buster get a grip.-Lag. Yes yes it's improved, but it can be tiresome with the amount of lag that floats you'll find yourself getting gradually more and more aggitated the more you play.I mean sure, if you're a little kid who likes swearing or just a casual gamer who sees the game is on sale and wants to run around and play as dinosaurs and eat people knock yourself out and get it. If you came looking for a well made well developed shooter game go back to the first one as a lot of the vets whom i'm friends it swear that its a much better game than this one."
76561198117809059,Recommended,321360,13289440,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ANUUUU CHEEKI BREEKI IV DAMKE,"This game is great it has a lot more things than then the old PC but keeps the same aspects. I have no words to describe this game and if you like dinos, action, team games, andepicness BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,321360,13442436,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Saji,Humans vs Glitches
76561198091912168,Recommended,321360,22527536,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,BigBoyJamal,"I have a mixed opinion with this one, oh boy is it ♥♥♥♥ing weird.Pros:Great GraphicsAlot of community involvementUniqueSkinsKind DevsCons:♥♥♥♥♥♥CommunityCancerous RoleplayersTeam and Class hoggingLittle kids (4-9) are spoiled as♥♥♥♥♥♥Server admins are abusive(ish)Small CommunityIn the end, the community ruins everything."
76561198106046992,Not Recommended,321360,24660237,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ღ ѕυρєяиσνα ღ,"Let's underline a thing, at the moment of writing this review, the new update and a patch(1.6.1) have just been released.One of the most negative things about PCE have always been the unbalanced teams when it comes to deathmatch mode: generally speaking people don't like very much playing as human, because most of the time the human team loses. So, before this update was released, people tried to avoid playing human by switching team when they were put in the human team, and this led to unbalanced matches, like 5 humans VS 10 dinos. This also caused players on the dino side to be autobalanced to the human team, even if they already played as humans in the previous round.This update aimed at ""solving"" this problem. How did they ""solve"" the problem? By disabling team switching. This is what now happens: you play your round as human, then a new match starts and you get to play as dino, BUT people who should play as human this round leave the server, so the teams aren't balanced anymore and autobalance moves you to the human team(even if you were already human last round) and you CAN'T SWITCH BACK to the team you were even if you have the RIGHT to play on that side.So, is the problem solved? No, not at all. I could say it's even worse than before.The problem CAN'T be solved unless playing humans becomes as enjoyable as playing dinos, this is the real problem: playing human is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ If it was enjoyable, people would on purpose choose humans, neither would they leave a server when it's their turn to be human. Do you think forcing them to play on whatever team happens to be in minority is a good choice? What a great idea.Oh and what about the progression system? This update has implemented the progression system too. Every time you level up you get a random drop, as in CS:GO . Personally I don't like it because leveling up doesn't feel rewarding. You could get a common skin or a rare skin, it's totally random. But this is not such a big problem as the previous ones."
,Recommended,321360,13243011,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,KEᗩᕼI,"The game is truly beautiful, in all regards except for the bugs. Of course, they're bound to happen, all games have bugs, and Extinction only being a few days old, just coming out into the world, has a lot of them. That's exactly why it's been given to us in Early Access. The game is meant to be buggy, so we can find the bugs. We're here to help the Developers fix this game. It's severely broken in a lot of ways, but just because they're called developers doesn't mean we don't have the right to take part in molding the game. So go back to 1.3 and enjoy your dusty little dinosaurs, I'm going to stay here and watch this game grow."
76561198117257260,Not Recommended,321360,25409117,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,TheGoldShot,"Please note this review is aimed at people who own or have played Primal Carnage and are considering whether or not to buy it. Also I will be reviewing the tech or graphics side only the gameplay and enjoyment elements.Primal Carnage: Extinction is the sequel to the 2012 game Primal carnage. (well duh)So what do I think of this game? Well there is so so much to say being a veteran player of the original game. So I'll start by letting this game stand alone and not compare it to anything. Its decent fun enjoyable for a half hour to hour playtime in a session depending on the server. It has a few flaws of being a bit buggy and annoyingly difficult but its fun.Now lets compare it to when it first was released. *clears throat* ITS FRICKEN FANTASTIC. So in my opinon when it came out it was extremely and I mean EXTREMELY opted towards humans or as some players call them, 'hoomans'. As a dino you would fell very powerful until you actually went into combat, then you felt weak and kinda noobish. It was the total opposite for humans though as you felt insanely tiny but really badass with a slight nauseating feeling. Now however its much more balanced but at times i feel dinos have an annoying advantage. Still its very fun.Now for the big one, comparing it to the original. The short answer: Primal Carnage by a long shot. The long answer: Ehh both bring stuff to the table. My inspirations for writing this review is while playing Extinction a moment ago I realized that even on fire pteranadons still pick you up and if in mid pounce and shot raptors still pounce. This really ticked me off. like really. LIKE RE-♥♥♥♥♥♥-ALLY. Another thing is that with the original dions had a huge advantage, yes, but when together as a group the humans can destroy two t-rexes easily. Its rather like that in Extinction but without the destroying t-rexes part. You feel powerful but nope you ain't. It may seem like I'm picking on Extinction because I am but don't get me wrong Extinction is better in many ways like how everything is better balanced and it's smoother and not as buggy (oh yeah its buggy but like i said, not as) the maps are refined and slightly more interesting though I don't like the new marsh. it has fun hidey holes and what-not and a great community. taunts are a fun bonus you do get friendly servers where dinos and 'hoomans' co-exist...for a while. But the one thing THE ONE THING I can not get past...is...the...MICRO TRANSACTIONS! No more 'dlc' you can vote for stuff on the workshop and you get crate drops but whats that? YOU NEED A TWO DOLLAR FRICKEN KEY TO GET A RANDOM MOST LIKELY, COMMON, SKIN. yes you get skin drops from time to time and when you level up but its not enough. i don't have 2 bucks everytime I get a crate so deal with it.All in all both are good but the original, is and forever will but unless they do something drastic, better."
,Not Recommended,321360,15485532,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,LetsStopFighting!,"There is no game. It's just Second life for dinosaurs apparently. Good game for lan parties and whatnot, but the community is only interested in Roleplaying (wtf guys) and fighting over who gets to be the dinosaur.  (which usually results in a 3 vs 6). They implemented an autobalance, but that doesn't do anything because the dino groupies (otherkin maybe?) just switch back to the dino team or leave.All this game is, is 4 Dinosaur roleplaying servers and a European 24/7 docks server.I was a big fan of the previous release and had some good times on it.But I'm still waiting to ACTUALLY play a game with more than 3 people.Had high hopes."
,Recommended,321360,33252609,Posted: 4 July,all,Moonbutters,"I wish there were more people that played this. Sadly, not enough people play it for it to be really fun. Hopefully, you will buy it and make it a better place for actual gameplay and not random RP."
,Recommended,321360,13622280,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DarkDeath,Humans 1 Player(s) - Dinos 31 Player(s)11/10 best team-balance simulator 2015
,Recommended,321360,15299268,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Godzilla,"Yes this game is epic if you love dinosaurs, live me and my friends."
76561198042545107,Recommended,321360,16499200,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AcidicHalloweenie,"Thanks to the newest update, deathmatch is getting more attention! Most horrendous bugs have been fixed and the human team is now useful! Have to say this game is pretty good right now, unless you MUST have a completely bug free game. Good luck trying to find that though. 9/10"
76561198137786512,Not Recommended,321360,31184816,Posted: 16 April,all,Sand Nibba Ibrahim,"There are basically no deathmatch servers, only free roam and roleplay servers in which kids♥♥♥♥♥♥you off by following you and spamming the chat.Also all the game is, is a skin simulator as all you will be seeing is role play and free roam servers, dedicated to kids showing off their skins.Also the gameplay is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥as it feels like a much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ call of duty game when playing as the humans, and playing as the dinosaurs is even worse due to their only being a few decent classes.5/10 at bestIf you want a much better game than this, get the Isle or wait for saurian."
,Recommended,321360,27531558,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Transit,"I don't know why, but I decided to write a review.This game is extremely addictive if you get into it, great skins, decent team deathmatch, and overall a good game.There are a few thing wrong such as bugs and glitches, but the dev team is small so it's hard.The amount of effort such a little dev team has put into a game to make a franchise amazes me, therefore I recommend this game and have nominated in for the 'JUst 5 more minutes award"" Good luck!"
76561198084805067,Recommended,321360,18109654,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,♥Fizzyss♥,Primal Carnage: Extinction is such a fun game to play. I mean if you like dinosaurs that is. But still it's very fun to play. You can be either dinosaurs or humans. There are also free roam servers and killing servers. So if I was to give a rating of about 10 I would rate this game 8 and a half.
,Recommended,321360,24317784,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,White Knight,"This game is absolutely a perfect dino game, the combat is good, the skins are great, the people on here are very nice, this game is probablly the most fun you will EVER have but word of advice....dont buy legendaries from the market"
76561198200656719,Recommended,321360,30405161,Posted: 9 March,all,♞ HappyHorse 🐎,"Whilst I don't play this game as much anymore, I can't downvote it since i've met a lot of great people here and had lots of fun here, I wouldn't suggest this game for those who are looking for a TDM game, this game is basically set in stone as a freeroam. You can take some nice screenshots of this game, or meet some people that's basically all there is to do in it anymore, TDM's were unbalanced and boring after a while and the only way to have fun was to goof around."
76561198093571585,Recommended,321360,24798714,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Die Schweiz,"Primal carnage: extinction can actually be very amusing lets talk about this first:Its a shooter dinosaurs against humans (obviously the dinosaurs dont have guns). So the idea is pretty uniqueAs Human: You need to get to the chopper (no meme included) or kill dinosaurs until you win. you have 5 classes each has unique abilities and weapons like: mines, netguns, snipers, flamethrowers. If you need ammo or health you need to find supply crates, wich are scattered across the maps.As Dino: You have 10 classes like the mighty t-rex, the quick raptor or the venom spitting dilophosaurus. Your target is to kill humans until you win or dont let them get to the chopper. The special abilities use up endurance without endurance you are a sitting duck and to get health back you need to eat bodies of dead dinosaurs wich are also scattered across the whole map.This game has microtransactions but only skins and cosmetics so nobody needs that in addition: you get drops sometimes.Finally, i enjoyed this game pretty much but it has a low amount of servers so you got to live with that.I hope you enjoyed this review and helped you to decide to buy or not buy this game, thank you for reading this"
76561197964276144,Recommended,321360,13397983,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Gray Fox,Very nice enhanced version of the original Primal Carnage. It improves every single aspect of the old one. So it's still a 'must-buy' for all dino fans out there ;)
76561198110858855,Not Recommended,321360,24357734,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Ares,This is one of those awesome games RUINED by the comunity! Full of idiotic children that will enter a deathmatch server to stay FRIENDLY! That makes me sick!
,Recommended,321360,33694148,Posted: 21 July,all,Jun-A266,"Its alright, just dont expect anything incredible"
,Recommended,321360,15221094,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Erwin,"There are alot of crappy Dinosaur games on steam, most of them in Early Access, this isn't one of them.Sure, the game lets you buy keys for ingame cosmetics, but thats not too bad. The game is extremely fun, the Dinosaurs play great, the humans remind me of a 2000s shooter, I just can't stop playing as a nova raptor, what can I say"
,Recommended,321360,15242769,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,๓คຊ⊕,"Primal Carnage: Extinction, or known as PC:E, is a great multiplayer dino VS human game. There is RPing (Role-playing) allowed in this game, but only in servers. I got alot of great freinds from this game, and RPing here is great. There are neat skins that come from crates, such as Dinosaur Crate #2 and Dinosaur Crate #1 AND Human Crate #1. I am super glad that FINNALY they are adding  a NEW dinosaur! Called Acrocanthosaurus. I Recommend this game. If you do not have this game, I recommend you buy it now! The artwork and screenshots are fantastic! You guys should check it out! Please don't take my review the wrong way."
,Not Recommended,321360,35029018,Posted: 17 September,all,Boom48,"The game is dying, some of the weapons are unbalanced. I don't recommend it. All the people still playing are just doing free roam."
76561198086426122,Recommended,321360,15487766,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,stefan13261,This game is a amazing dinosaur game and great fun for role playing. Also this game can be more fun with friends but can be fun played alone as well.
,Recommended,321360,14599401,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,nipple fedora,"Although quite laggy and buggy- overall, its a great game and has a lot of potential. I look forward to future updates!"
76561198016601643,Recommended,321360,15208887,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Overused Dead Meme,"I highly reccomend this game to people who wan to have a good time and are dinosaur fans in general really. I love it and I commonly play, I have been playing it since it's early stages in Early Access so I have seen the ups downs in balance and the way things work.The last couple of patches have made this game playable and A LOT MORE BALANCED than it used to be, of course there is rrom for improvement and honestly the best thing about thi is the devs are ALWAYS LISTENING and will take what is said and will improve upon it if they are able to (as well as they are the nicest folks ever). Yes they game is still buggy as of launch but do you expect ad online game to be shiny and perfect upon release to the masses? I know I don't and if you do you ain't getting spoon fed all the time that's for sure but I digress. The game is very balanced right and there are a few things that need to be patched but give the devs time and they will be patched.The community is double sided but isn't ANY community? I go on the forums regularly and a majority if not most of the people there are some of the nicest and most supportive people I have ever met, constantly doing things for each other, organising events and giving feedback on the game. Of course there are those people you will DETEST but we ALWAYS meet those kinds of people. Everyone has their own tastes when it comes to this game whether it be mindless killing in TDM (or DvD), objective based games in GTTC or roleplaying on the numerous roleplay servers. I dabble ina ll of them so I have pretty much seen all sides of the community at this point.This game is a sequel to it's predecessor Primal Carnage. Now you may think? ""ERMAHGURD Y DO I HAZ TO BUY DIS AGEN!!!111!"" well it's simple. It isn't Lukewarm behind this game, it's Circle 5. Stuff happened, Lukewarm disbanded so that got rid of Primal Carnage: Genesis (which is on hold) and the free 2.0 revamp update for the game and then some of them came back and formed Circle 5 and of course they needed money so they re-made the game from what was the 2.0 update and re-released it which is fair game when you need money in order to make something better and the previous game wasn't cutting it. So all is fair here.The loot system and economy was a big change with this game, it made a lot of people loot MAD with the skins for Dinosaurs. I know I am slightly mad for them because there are those diserable skins I want and I am currently trying to collect one of each skin but it gives something for you to work towards if you so wish to. I ultimately play this game for fun and loot drops are just a bonus for me but you get free stuff so YAY! The loot craze has died down a lot now and a lot of people are putting their rare loot into lotterys and competitions so other people have a chance so you won't see too many people go ""No loot?"" when nothing drops.The game is mindless fun and it's amazing like that. You get to play as DINOSAURS FOR GOD'S SAKE, FREAKING. DINOSAURS. There is some bugs that need adressing and they will be fixed soon enough, the devs plan to keep updating the game as well, the first content patch is estimated to arrive at the end of this month which will include more skins, the very much anticipated crafting system (so hold on to those duplicate items people) and a new dinsoaur, Acrocanthosaurus so the devs don't plan to give up on his game any time soon.The devs are a bunch of dedicated people, the community is awesome and the game is all around fun and enjoyable. So i HIGHLY reccomend this game if you want a glorious;y smashing time."
76561198085734035,Recommended,321360,13223492,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,KANG,"If you already have the original, get it for the $3. If not, wait till more development has taken place."
76561198303447934,Recommended,321360,29297244,Posted: 16 January,all,R2| ♞HawkFeather♞,"I would not 100% recomend this game if you do not like people being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and destroying everyone, other than that it is a very good game.I would say it's about 60% you Should get it and 40% you should not, in my opinion. If you like Deathmatches, Survival, Freeroaming and Roleplays this is teh kind of game for you. If you do not, I would probable consider checking out ""The Isle"" instead, where you can become ALL sorts of Dinosaurs. (PM me if u want info on The Isle)There are quite a few dinosaurs you can play as, such as:Tyrants: Tyrranosaurus.Rex, Acrocanthosaurus, SpinosaurusFliers: Pteradon (Pteradactyl), Tupandactylus (Tapajara)Charger: Carnotaurus (I'm mr.lonely!!!)Predators: Novaraptor (LeBaeDino), OviraptorSpitters: Dilophosaurus (Lennyface), CryolophosaurusYeah, not many dinosaurs but at least there are enough to take down the ♥♥♥♥ing humans, guess we all ne the Giganotosaurus? xD*AHEM* anyways, sorry if this was not much help, but at least I posted this as a Reccomendation? Thanks for reading!"
,Not Recommended,321360,26563527,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dankrushen,"Everything is unbalanced and there are no good team deathmatch servers, the original was better"
,Not Recommended,321360,16108115,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,•¥DuO¥•,"Even with some problems, 1.3 will ALWAYS be better in gameplay..PC:E can have better graphics and new skins, but idc.. i'm not a roleplayer anyways!It's not a Primal Carnage for me and never will be.. it's really sad they used this name."
,Recommended,321360,14204848,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Nicci Fett,Hi Richard Williams
76561198021755479,Not Recommended,321360,32744472,Posted: 24 June,all,Shmeegashper,"I saw PC had 60 players and PC:E 200+, so I went with the latter.Well, there were like 2 servers with OK ping. One was 'roleplay no kill', the other 'kill and chill'. I guess there's emphasis on the chill part, because when I entered I saw  nothing but 15 dinos and 5 humans just standing around on weird glitchy terrain mostly just jerking off, giggling at the things they occasionally did to each other.Refunding my 3 bucks."
,Recommended,321360,15282466,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Novadog,"NowI'm going to come in from a view that is mostly unbiased.As I have only played the first game for half a year.This new one, I was on and off since before the official release.This game and the one that came before it has always had it's ups and downs.But the same will be said of any game. The importance is in the developer's willingness to expand based on what the players want, or what they are talking about.As a player, nothing is more thrilling than the concept that you and the community have daydreamed of something until nights end, only to find out it's going to become a feature in an update or new game! Extinction brought a lot to the table, they offer many graphic features that you can tinker with as well. Many may complain about the lag this causes right off the bat. However the common case is that the system has put the settings at the max that your computer CAN handle, but not always what it will run smoothly on. I suggest playing with these options and lowering settings here and there for those experiencing choppiness.But besides the look of the textures and models themselves, a fresh perspective was clearly taken on the environments and the level of detail in realism. I can't exactly count how many times I've stopped to see rain trickling down a metal sheet or became enthralled by sand blowing off the edge of a cliff, only to be shot down as a result of my appreciation for such features. Which brings me to my next point.This game is not just for PVPers. PC may have begun with this concept in mind and the main theme of the game is still PVP. It's entire structure is crafted to support the needs of players fighting other players. However there are little tid bits that suggest the developers have noticed and even supported their more artistically inclined audience. Not just the environments, but the addition of features that allow you to set up a functioning role player server. Such as allowing an endless number of folks to be dinosaurs or humans, picking out maps that were made with tons of little hidey holes and good story telling scenes, and even turning off PVP completely so that no one can be ripped from their scene by a trigger happy trapper or that one rex who is just having a majorly bad day and only the feeling of something squished between his toes is going to change that. It's very humbling that the developers are willing to listen to and welcome all of their players, even ones they might not have expected to have. Many young and old dinosaur lovers have flocked to the game. And they were not met with failure to take their passions seriously. The makers have stepped up, revving the diversity of the species and the correction of their anatomy to please the hardcore dino-fan.Such aspects may seem small in comparison to what one might expect from a game about 'I shoot you, you chomp me.' But it's proof that Primal Carnage is a game run by folk that can and will always evolve. The fact that we can put faith in how much our opinions mean to the developers is something many more games need today. I hope that in the future it becomes a MUST to please your players.And before anyone thinks I forgot, yes I will remark about the game-play itself because even as an .. obvious role-player myself.. I too partake in the -carnage- on and off. I'm not satisfied with only one aspect of the game and if I try to go too long without either, it becomes boring fast. Sometimes the intricate tales of monsters lurking in the forest makes me restless to go unleash those skills against others in PVP, and as previously stated, the game is built upon the idea of PVP. You can choose your class of human or dinosaur. And though a majority of us obviously enjoys hurling ourselves on a human, turns are taken to make it fair for everyone. The human classes are nothing to sneeze at either. While I always feel a bit dull in comparison to the beast I was moments before, I quickly get over it and focus on fighting again.  It's equally as satisfying to group up as humans and gun down a pack of raptor. Depending on what game-style you're best at, it's very important to find the class for you and start practicing it right away. (The community itself has made MANY guides on the tactics of these classes.)All of that sounds like too many good points right? Well that's not even all of it, I just knew that no one would read a review this long without being paid generously. But for those who only feel safe purchasing a game after they have seen the flaws they are dealing with, well I'm here to deliver that unbiased opinion just as I promised. Like almost any PVP game, the community itself is fast paced, a lot of them are very young players as well. You may find an army waiting in a server to CAPSLOCK at you about your tactic verses theirs. However you may also find a community of well rounded adults who simply play the game and don't need to make remarks on others to validate themselves. My advice for those bouts of sour saps is to ignore them. Even if they call you or your game-play some ridiculous names, you just keep being you and have fun!Another issue would be a pickle of bugs here and there this early on. Please make note of the DATE of this rating because the game is practically  brand spanking new of this year, you simply cannot expect everyone to have found every bug yet. When they are found, they are fixed. But they do exist and when you find them you are encouraged to report them instead of quit the game. Be a contribution to the betterment of the game!The last topic I can offer is .. one I don't fully understand but have heard of among the other players. General issues running the game or lag or bugs that no one else seems to be experiencing. All I can say is that I have never personally experienced any issues like this on PC: extinction. These problems may be to do with something on the players end that can easily be searched up on a forum and fixed."
,Not Recommended,321360,33731431,Posted: 22 July,all,A Random Sentience,"The game has nice game-play when there's actual players instead of the 95% role-play servers. The developers implemented an actual game-mode for role-playing which turned the entire community into a bunch of role-playing kids so there's really no more game. The 5% servers left may have 2 people in them but most the time zero players except on role-play servers.This game is dead regardless of player base at this point; mechanically it's fine but what a fate. I wish they'd remove the free roam game-mode so that the role-playing community can hopefully die off but they'd get massive backlash from their only players so that kinda sucks; their only move to revive the game would get them hate from their current ""players."""
76561198119978955,Not Recommended,321360,25555560,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,EternalClimb,"If you hope for skins drops to make profit of - don't bother there are already hack to ruin priceshttp://steamcommunity.com/app/321360/discussions/1/359547436751657582/And if you are about having fun and compete other players you need a good luck to not run into hackers. Even ranked servers in this game are run by players, not developers! They could do pretty much everything on their servers, including hacks."
,Recommended,321360,23733880,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mathew Mii,"Before I start the review, I would like to ask you one question: How can you say no to a game where you can play as a T-Rex and eat people?  I really don't see how you can resist that plus more, but it's not totally perfect.I want to start with the positives of this game other than the T-Rex thing.  There are many other dinosaurs to play as to slaughter those humans.  The novaraptor is a class great for close combat and some occasional hunting of a singular target.  They are also a deadly force if in a pack consisting of other novaraptors.  The oviraptor is great for ninja-like gameplay for its speed and special ability to make hunting a cinch.  There is also a carnotaurus, which is ideal for breaking up a large group of humans with its ability to charge into them.  The dilophosaurus and cryolophosaurus serve as your acid spitters to pick off humans from a long distance.  In case you desire to fly, there are the tupandactylus and the pteranodon: Ideal for notifying your fellow dinosaurs of the humans' whereabouts and striking them from the air.  Last but not least is the tyranosaurus with the spinosaurus and the acrocanthosaurus as your playable giants.  These tanks can kill humans in one hit with eating, stepping, and their unique secondary attack.The humans are worth talking about, too.  Each one is unique as there are different races present within them.  There is also a playable woman present in the game.  Each have a unique set of weapons that deal with each dinosaur either better or worse.  The trapper class, for example, can handle smaller dinosaurs and cripple the giant ones thanks to his net gun.  However, he is weak to the carnotaurus.  The pathfinder has a shotgun that is feared by many dinosaurs and help cover the trapper's weak spots.  In return, the trapper can help cover the pathfinder's weakness to the faster dinosaurs.  The scientist serves as the sniper class armed with not only her trusty sniper rifle but also some tranquilizer darts to slow down even the largest of the prehistoric beasts.  The last two classes are ideal for close combat: The pyro and the commando.  Commando has an automatic assault rifle ideal for shooting down multiple targets near and somewhat far.  Pyro is a dangerous class when it comes to close combat as his flamethrower is combined with a chainsaw for some slashing and burning.  Overall, each class has throwables that can support teammates like ammo boxes or further damage the dinosaurs like grenades.Now for the overall game itself.  There are many modes present other than deathmatch.  There is a game mode called, ""Get to the Chopper"" where the human team must capture certain points in order on the map to win.  There is also a co-op mode called, ""Survival"" where all 5 human players survive waves of computer-controlled dinosaurs.  The last of the competitive modes is the Hunt mode where 5 humans must hunt down a single invisible novaraptor who has much more health than the average novaraptor.  In case you want to practice or just roleplay, there are the roleplay and free roam modes available.  To top all of that off; there are a handful of Jurassic Park references, some silly humor, a friendly community, and this game has a really great item drop system.  To show you how great it can be; you can exchange 5 crates for a common item, build up to much rarer items that are worth a lot of money in the market, and there is a small chance of obtaining a key from the drop (I got 3 this way).  The last notable thing is how the developers are working on each patch to make this game better and better.There are a lot of negatives about this game, however.  The ones I have the most problems with deal with the game balance.  Very often, the score will have a 75:25 ratio and there is no way the other team can catch up to it in time.  It is also based off of how many kills are obtained.  As of now, assists do not modify the score and that discourages teamwork.  Autobalance is also present and I find it to be broken.  To summarize the long post I made about it on the forums, it really does not change the game at all.Many reviews for this game claim that the roleplay and free roam servers are killing it and sadly, I agree with them.  When I play this game, I want to get into some heated combat, not play pretend since there are other places for that sort of thing ranging from other dinosaur games to forums set up for roleplaying.  I did say that the drop system is pretty good for what it is, but I feel like the crafting makes you work too hard to get the kind of item you want.  I also said that you can strike rich through this game, but it is also not too good since you have to use a lot of items for the next ranked item and the really rare ones?  They can cost as much as a smartphone!The positives of this game really do outweigh the negatives, but that can only be done if more people play this game as a fun, unique, and competitive multiplayer experience.  I say that this game is an underrated gem that has the potential to grow into a really great game."
76561198009876564,Not Recommended,321360,14398877,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Kit the Kat,"Yet another dissapointing attempt at a dinosaur game. Clunky and unispired. Nice terrain graphics though! But I wasted my money bleh.  NO DROPS-  DONT BE FOOLED - its a drop tease scam.tried to give it another shot but ---- THIS GAME IS GARBAGE, no garbage at least can possibly be useful or maybe recycled but this is UNACCEPTABLE :So if you made this game I have a message for you:WE are not stupid we will not support garbage games, I can tell that  you (developers)  did not put any effort into this  garbage and  I want a refund.I put your game in my ""junk"" catagory along with games like Garshap and Breach and Chaser."
,Not Recommended,321360,29661651,Posted: 2 February,all,Fano ★ Tastic,"I'll go far as saying Dino D-Day is better.Offical servers are completely empty, players only huddle on unoffical servers which have biased admins who play double standards left and right and ban for sometimes no reason given along with a bunch of children who prefer to role play. The game is boring in freeroam and the community backing it is complete cancer."
,Recommended,321360,15301611,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Albino Spino,I love this game! I hope more spinosaurus skins come out!
76561198234023412,Recommended,321360,20746260,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,2stepsfrömhell,"I enjoy PC:E mostly because im a lover with reptiles, big ones to be specific. Just the way they were made inspired me to get the game, which i did and im loving it more than i first found out about it. Even the game is starting to get old, there are still new things that come in the future for this game.~ Love it!"
76561198089558045,Not Recommended,321360,21532741,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,No Face No Case,"One sorry excuse for a dinosaur game, The games premise is suppose to be dinosaurs vs humans in a epic bloody fight. Do you get that? Lol No of course not, What you really get are furries and people in featherd novas calling themselfs FlOFFS? This is no longer a shooting game, its a skin simulator."
76561198053493661,Recommended,321360,13221672,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,MuzaMaster,"its an improvement from the first game. it looks really nice, the blood and stuff is new,etc. and in overall its really fun."
,Not Recommended,321360,30089776,Posted: 21 February,all,The Writing Rex,"After almost 2,500 hours, I think it's time I made a real review for this game.Primal Carnage: Extinction is a small-time game made by small-time developers. It had an overall rough start, but I supported the game from the very beginning, Early Access. Coming to PC:E for the first time was a great (and bad) thing for me. I was actually able to play as humans and kill these dreaded monsters that threaten the human race! Fun right? Not the slightest mostly.If there's one thing I will say that is bad about this game, it's the community that inhabits it. I've had many experiences will rude and toxic players that ruin the game for me. T-bags, votekicks for no reason, harassment, and the list goes on. This community is NOT mature at all to some extent. I will say though, there ARE players who are respectable and are good!One thing I have hoped for during forever was a competitive mode where I can play against other skilled players or even participate in a tournament! PC:E has been a game I cannot say no to at all and I always crave a duel from anyone. I'm not afraid of anyone. I will say that PC:E might not be one of the first game to come to mind in terms of competition, but here you will always find a challenge when the right people are on.Gameplay wise, everything runs smoothly, but hit detection will occur to be a problem here and there. It's generally fun and I prefer to represent the Human Faction. One thing to note: Humans are generally harder to play than Dinosaurs without the right team. Organization is key!Overall, I'm going to have to turn down this game. It's not because It's not good, but I feel there is so much potential missing and due to personal experience, I just can't bear with the community at times. I will admit I have quit because of them at one point :/ before coming back."
76561198087862878,Not Recommended,321360,22726872,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Lifetime,"This game is fun in my opinion, but the problem is the people who's playing the game. The reason why I say that is because people who play this game act like total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Especially people in a chill and kill server. People in a chill and kill server tends to ruin your fun. If any of them gets killed, they start ♥♥♥♥♥ing about getting killed. The rules are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t as well. One time I went to a chill and kill sever and one of the rules say you can't kill passives. Seriously, what's the ♥♥♥♥ing point of a chill and kill if you can't kill ♥♥♥♥ing passives. Not only that, but one time some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ decided to votekick me out because I was suiciding. How ♥♥♥♥ing stupid is that! To get a votekick by suiciding. Oh yeah, also these people are ♥♥♥♥ing rude. They would swear and curse at you because you would do a particular way of chilling out. You know what, if you want to hang out with these ♥♥♥♥ing idiots in PC:E I recommend you getting it, but otherwise I'm sticking with the original Primal Carnage."
,Not Recommended,321360,16681200,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Klkan,"Primal Carnage? More like Primal Garbage.This game has no point in existing, it lacks in focus i am willing to say it does not have any focus at all, not only there are severe balancing issues ingame, humans being utterly useless, the gunplay is horrible and not fun at all, meanwhile dinosaurs get all the attention, the performance is all over the place, the game can not decide for which audience it wants to aim for, does it want to attract players with low end pcs? or does it want to attract people with higher end pcs with its visuals? its just stuck in middle, and instead of pleasing everyone it pleases nobody and ends up being a buggy game with horrible optimization and bad visuals...also the gameplay is awful the controlls are akward, Storm troopers had more acuracy than guns in this game not to mention the irritating delay everything has.Story? what story!  oh wait there is a story but only when devs need an excuse to be lazy.The economy...the economy is insulting...200$ for a pathetic retexture? is this a joke? i feel insultedThe community...oh boy the community...i never thought i would say this but i have had better time in Dota 2 community, the majority of players here i swear are kids under 10 who lack any sense of being polite, logic or reason, not to mention their love of walking dinosaurs...instead of actual gameplay....Not to mention what usually happens when kids run the game...this community has some wierd gang mentality, Seen an outright wars between several groups. Not to mention how the ENTIRE community gangs up on anyone mentioning this game in any negative way, along with devs censoring their lack of compitence. And if the devs dont censor you dont worry the community will, why? cuz its der favorite gam and they wuv it!And oh boy will you love seeing roleplayers everywhere! since the game cant hold up on its gameplay the devs cater to the roleplayers by adding only dinosaurs and no new human classes, making humans stale on top of boring and not fun to play.If you want a good dinosaur game, go get the original primal carnage, its better in every aspect, as for this avoid this game, as Jeff Goldblum said: That is one big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit: and incase you are wondering why do i have so many hours in a terrible game? well to abuse the economy ofcourse, you will be surprised how much roleplayers will pay for awful low effort recolors. This game is literally paying me to play it and i still cant stand it, what a waste of a game.Edit: The game is dying cause the devs are incompitent, greedy, lazy, and just love to make up excuses instead of fixing the game. Soon the game will die out like original and only the fanboys will be left defending the devs and buying 400$ reskins.Avoid this dying game with the one of the worst devs ever, if you want a dinosaur game go buy Ark."
76561198322066312,Recommended,321360,27758336,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,prowl04,"Primal Carnage Extinction is a strange game. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. But when it does its awesome. The graphics are really good and the game play is awesome. The one thing I don't like is that the dinosaurs are overpowered. Buy it when its on sale."
76561198135379961,Recommended,321360,13232320,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,彡 Tee Kay 彡,WARNING: THIS GAME IS NOT MEANT FOR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ LAP TOPS/COMPUTERS YOU CAN FIND AT A CHEAP SCHOOL. Pretty nice game and very beautiful at highest settings if you have a good computer. They fixed the chat and allows more chat space than the original version. The new movements look sweet and smooth to me specially the Pteranodon's.
,Recommended,321360,13249120,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,~Chime ♥,"Primal Carnage: Extinction is exactly the update the original Primal Carnage needed for a long while now. Although they did seperate it into an entirely new game, I do love all of the improvements on it thus far being only a BETA. The graphical difference because PC and PC:E is very different. Extinction's graphics are 10x better, as well as more optimized in my experience. Gameplay seems a lot smoother. The faster paced combat is something I still need to adjust to coming from the original game, but it's growing on me. I LOVE the fact you have to actually work hard on playing a Raptor in Extinction opposed to PC. Although I do slightly disagree with Pteras being so simple; yet I do highly appreciate and love the effert they put to simplify it's flying mechanics making it easier for Ptera fans and lovers to play as enjoyment. I never find myself getting bored of playing Extiction yet so far. Each match I find enjoyable and new ways to practice and play the game as well as help as much as possible with the development of it by providing information on bugs and possible suggestions of fixes.If you've never played any of the Primal Carnage games, I do recommend trying out Extinction due to it being the newest and as it's still in BETA to watch it grow and develop. Overall, this is my small summary.Pros:~More optimized, smoother graphics~Higher end textures~Improved maps and lighting~Smoother overall gameplay; although faster paced.~New abilities/weapons for both Human and Dinosaur as well as seperate abilities for Sub-classes~Steam Economy seems very promising in the near future~Current combat keeps you on the edge and lookout; makes it more enjoyableCons:~Combat is a tad fast at times, makes it difficult to land proper hits as a Human or Dinosaur~Small bugs that prevents entering a server or crashing after one or a few matches~New items in your inventory sometimes taking a while to load for useInbetween Opinion(s) (totally your choice whether these are good or bad):~Fast Combat~Raptor pounce being more difficult than the original Primal Carnage~Jumping being more spammable~Pteradons being more flexible, more simple to play~Raptors being more difficult to play~Tyrants being equally as easy to kill at times; but can also be easily over-powering depending on your playstyle~Dilo's Stamina runs out fast and must recharge by roaring; although the the Roar meter takes a while to refill~Tyrants not being able to heal as effectively by eating humans opposed from the original game~Humans running faster and longer than some dinosaurs at times~Humans possessing sometimes their own 'one-shot' attacks and methods (even to Tyrants)Most of this review is purely just my honest opinion of the first week of release for Extinction. My opinion on the game may or may not change for the better or worse once it is developed more a few months into the future. I suggest buying and trying out the game before placing any proper judgement based off this review!My rating for Extinction: 7.8 out of 10"
76561198132567766,Recommended,321360,24181991,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Widowmaker,"It's my main favorite game I love the game, yet I wish the devs would stop adding stuff to the game and fix all their bugs first."
76561198218222787,Recommended,321360,22558201,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TheSpoonOverlord,Amazing multiplayer game barrely laggy and skin updates alot :D
76561198200023478,Recommended,321360,30108979,Posted: 22 February,all,[RPB]CrystalDoggeh,"(Idk if I spelled it rightif I didn't, well,R.I.P Grammar)I spend most of my time on here, and I've recently reached the 1,500 hour mark, and I have almost reached the 20 hundred hour mark. I enjoy the different gamemodes - TDM (Team Deathmatch) DDM (Dino Deathmatch), GTTC (Get To The Chopper), Survival, and FR (Freeroam). There is also CTE (Capture The Egg) but no one plays it anymore. Fun fact - the first server I played on was a capture the egg server.o Team Deathmatch is Dinos vs. Humans - Sometimes there are class/team limitso Dino Deathmatch is Dinos vs. Dinos - Sometimes there are class/team limitso Get To The Chopper is Humans trying to get to a heli while being attacked by dinosaurs - Its really fun, I play it every once and a whileo Survival is like a way to practice for TDM, its pretty fun, the maps are cool, but I would like if they could also be used on FR, DDM, and TDM.o Freeroam is mess around and explore - Great for rp, testing out admin powers, and looking at new skinso Capture The Egg is barely played; have to capture all the eggs without getting killed by dinos.Genres -Adventure, battle, funPros -o Lots of kind peopleo Many different serverso RP (Roleplay) servers, kill servers, & moreo Nice admins  (change your size, teleport you outside of the map, even kick people who are being jerks, etc.)Cons -o Sometimes there are jerks who kill you on nk (no kill) servers and FR servers.o Hackerso Sometimes there are admins who kick you for no reason (killing someone on a kill server, rping on a rp server, or just randomly kicking you)I could go on for hours about the Pros & Cons of PC:E, but I know for sure there would be more pros than cons. Sometimes PC:E can be very frusterating, but overall its a great game, I recommend this to almost everyone."
76561198206121880,Recommended,321360,22962354,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,SpartanAce118,The only thing this game really needs is more diversity in the gameplay as well as a single player mode against CPUs like a campaign or a free roam survival
76561198142828005,Recommended,321360,32524131,Posted: 17 June,all,BSOD,"Normally, i do not enjoy this type o games. However, Primal Carnage: Extenction and its predecessor, Primal Carnage are two of my favorite games on PC"
,Recommended,321360,24660598,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Glossy_Gamer,"This is a perfect game for people who like dinosaurs and guns, it's awesome to be a ptera and pick up people. :3"
,Recommended,321360,16525688,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,WP | H. im G.,"Worth every cent - preordered the previews Primal Carnage already + played it a lot, also in the ""Primal Carnage Games"" (a monthly live-stream competition of clans vs. the developers (hosted in the past)) - this one seams to be just as good;It's a great game if you want to have fun from time to time for a few hours during a week - you don't have to bother with long-term unlock mechanisms for better weapons, classes etc. - you can just set off and enjoy playing!That's what i like most, as i don't have that much time anymore and don't want to spend my spare gaming hours for unlocking stuff.+ PLUS it's a game that courages teamwork - SPECIALLY as humans!That makes it a great game to play with friends on Skype / TS, or join a clan (if interested; We've got a german group going;)...there are just too many Role Play servers and not enough Get To The Chopper ones, but that can be also an advantage; If you want to host a server it could find many players (with the right settings;)Anyway; BUY IT, IF you want to have some hours of fun without bothering about classes & experience an well made asymmetric (guns vs. claws) team-vs-team battle - every Dinos / Humans really plays very different as well + it's best combatting each strengths with your mates / a team - ...well, and of course if you like Dinos ;D...ah, and btw reacting to some other reviews: I don't think it's unbalanced / the humans have no chance - i myself like to play humans over Dinos e.g. ;) - the Dinos might be more awesome when you first got the game (because that's what makes this game unique) but at long term the humans offer more enhanced tactics + good players cooperate more (yeah, because just with COOPERATION you bet the Dinos, that's the advantage of the humans! - well, let me make that clear; The Dinos are faster & can run away if they want, but the humans can decide where the battle will be fought as the Dinos normally come to THEM, and not the other way around. Though, you can still take a T-Rex down as single human (i prefer the pathfinder for that) if you make advantage of it's slow turnings and run + gun back and forth.)(...i don't write reviews normally, but just i felt like this (still) underrated game just needs my support;)"
,Recommended,321360,20965177,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Kinotsu,"If you're like me and you don't give a crap about skins, then this game is lots of fun!Primal Carnage: Extinction isn't perfect, but if you're ever in the mood to play as a Dinosaur and eat some people and kill some time, this game won't let you down. It has a reasonable amount of classes and Dinosaurs to play as, graphics look pretty damn nice, and a good amount of maps (though most servers only like using the same old maps like docks over and over).There is no progression system so you don't unlock anything as you play, so the only replay value is just being in the mood to play. You do get random drops as you spend time in game that can give you boxes you open with real money or skins which is nice. For some reason though, everyone is ridiculously obssesed with getting new skins, to the point that a good amount of servers are just free-roam with people being AFK for drops. If you can ignore that and find a good server with 20+ people then that wont matter when your having fun.There is ALOT of room for improvement though, including fixing the glitches and collision detection with walls, but for 7$ on sale I definetly got my money's worth, and it'll satisfy my Dinosaur addiction till Ark leaves Early Access :)"
,Not Recommended,321360,32633838,Posted: 21 June,all,Hawnray,"Game feels broken and glitchy, which I wouldn't normally mind, but its system of creating your own server to play your choiced mode(s) with friends is broken and continually says 'not responding'. It has potential, but overall not very good."
76561198043928826,Recommended,321360,15620814,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Jawkins,"It's the only decent dinosaur game on here, Must i say more?"
,Recommended,321360,24535430,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,nujram,"All I have to say is that I absolutely love this game, right now I don't see anything that should or could be different, I love it. I would definetly recommend this game to others, which I already did, and will keep on doing. Love it."
,Recommended,321360,14428370,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ネクシルデン,"HOLY CRAP I LOVE THIS GAMEAs a big fan from the original, i was excited when the free update was announced, then like many others extremely dissapointed when it was announced to be another game. I almost lost hope in PC completely and stopped updating myself on news.I now regret that decision because Extinction goes above and beyond what Primal Carnage was.First of all, the graphics, They are even better than the first game in both style and immersion, and yet somehow my friends that couldnt play the original can play this game? GREAT!Secondly? The gameplay, its extremely smooth, though I admit Its balanced slightly in the dinosaurs favor. And it dosent help that most players in the game dont understand ""Teamwork"". However its still a blast even when you lose, and its even fun when you play as HUMANS, YES I AM SPEAKING CORRECTLY, Playing as ""boring"" humans is just as fun if not more enjoyable then dinosaurs! The controls are easy to work with and everything feels clean as a whistle.This game has its fair share of bugs, but guess what? 2 patches ago the game was 10x buggier, and the devs went ahead and... whats that...? LISTENED TO THE COMMUNITY?! Yes they added features and fixed bugs that were suggested/reported by the community, they have even made some SKINS by community request.On top of all that its in EARLY ACCESS, that means they are going to be adding more content, and unlike games like cs:go and tf2, I find crates to be enjoyable, as a rare item is rare enough to be rewarding, but not so rare its near unobtainable.Overall I HIGHLY recommend this game, and i give it...Story:2.3Sound:6.8Graphics:9.2Gameplay:8.7Developers:7.9Online:8.1Overall:8.2 / 10"
,Recommended,321360,17548126,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,CaptainRex935,"Primal Carnage brings an interesting concept of playing as both humans and dinosaurs.The humans have 5 classes to play as: Pathfinder, Scientist, Commando, Pyro, and Trapper. Each of them having their own kind of weapons and equipment.Pathfinder uses a shotgun and a pistol, along with the choice of flares to blind the dinosaurs or hatchets to throw. I find him most effective against big dinosaurs like Spino and Carno.Scientist is basically a sniper. Uses a sniper rifle and also can use tranqulizer guns to slow down dinosaurs. You are given a choice to run with a first aid kit to heal you and your teamates or with sensor mines, to spot any dinosaurs near them.Commando uses an assault rifle that has a grenade launcher. He fires a hail of bullets to deal some massive damage to both small and big dinosaurs. Supplied with the choice of ammo boxes to supply teamates with ammo or frag grenades.Pyro has a flamethrower that is also a chainsaw. He deals tremendous amounts of damage up close. He also has a flare gun to ignite a dinosaur at a longer range. You are given a choice of a molotovs or impact grenades to run with.Last but not least for the humans is the Trapper. He runs with a net gun and two revolvers. He traps smaller dinosaurs and kills them. You can shoot big dinosaurs with nets but it will only disable their attacks for an amount of time. His equipment is only limited to a land mine.Then there is the other team you are able to play as, dinosaurs! This is again class based but with more variety. There is the Tyrant classes, Predator classes, Flying classes, Spitter classes, and the Bruiser class. Each dinosaur also has it's own roar to buff itself or teamates.The Tyrants have the T-Rex, Spinosaurus, and the Acrocanthosaurus. All of them have the ability to eat a human whole and regain a little health from it. But each has a second attack and roar that is different from each other. The T-Rex can swing it's tail to hit any human behind it, and it's roar increases attack damage of your teamates. The Spinosaurus can use it's huge arms to swing in front of it, and it's roar increases teamates defense. The Acrocanthosaurus uses a stomp that sends a large shockwave injuring and killing any humans to close, it's roar regens health of teamates.The predators use stealth or cunning techniques to hunt down the humans. These predators are Novaraptors and Oviraptors.They both can pounce on a human to kill. The Novaraptor's roar gets rid of all it's stamina, but makes you able to attack much faster. Making this useful to take out groups of humans camping in a building. The Oviraptor roar outlines humans through walls.Next is the Flying classes. There is the Pteranodon and Tupandactylus. They both roar to spot humans. The Pteranodon can pick up humans and rop them from a lethal height. The Tupandactylus though travels at a high speed to ram a human, possibly off a high cliff or building to injure or kill.Spitter classes are dinosaurs that spit and poison to kill. They consist of a Dilophsaurus and a Cryolophsaurus. The Dilo can spit to blind and damage humans. They can also bite to poison and damage the human over time. The Cryo though uses his spit as a main weapon. SInce the puddles it leaves over time will damage humans and it's bite will only damage, but not poison. Both their roars regains their stamina.Last is the Bruiser class. The Carnotaurus is a hit and run class. He runs very fast to headbutt humans. He can also bite to do damage. The Carno roar allows you to regain health from damaging a human while charging. Sadly the Carno is alone in the Bruiser class.Now that the very long intro to all the classes is done, what about the gameplay? I must say each class is pretty well balanced and shows it's strengths and weaknesses a lot. ( I am a little unsure about Pathfinder, he deals so much damage.) My experience with it was fair. They made gameplay a little smoother and easier to understand. I have played on TDM and GTTC and they both are pretty fun. Dino vs Dino mode is also pretty fun. They did add a Co-op mode, but I have yet to play this because every server there is, is always full, empty, or everyone just leaves after I join. Which leads to one problem this game suffers from.This game and it's server's are very whacky. Almost every populated server is TDM or Roleplay. After playing TDM for so long, it gets boring. Playing an objective based game mode like GTTC is near impossible in a populated server. Which is unfortunate, I find GTTC very fun with a lot of players. I'm not to big on being friendly in servers. Also since there isn't many players for PC:E, making even TDM games with only maybe 6 players. TDM with low population isn't very fun, all the dino's have to do is play has a Tyrant and the game is pretty much won for them.This game also introduces a loot system. (Pretty much the same thing TF2 has.) You can customize both your humans and dinosaurs with hats, skins, and camo's. Though you can find pretty much every hat and skin in the game. You can even find vey rare things like Legendary quality items. I even found a key once!Is this community better or worse than other games? I think this community is better than most. Most people tend to get along and congratulate people on a lucky find or skill shot. Many offer trades for skins and hats. And I rarely see people insult others. I have yet to see any cheaters or hackers.Improvements I think the developers can do: Slightly increase the reload time for the shotgun. Hit detection is pretty weird, espacially with the net gun. Small bug fixes like the ragdolls or minor animation glitches.Do I think this game is worth your 19.99? Honestly, no. At least not right now. Wait till the game is discounted or more players and updates appear. I think this game deserves a fair 6.5/10 I hope to see you all in game soon!"
76561198179722421,Not Recommended,321360,35090301,Posted: 20 September,all,👑king of kings👑,dead servers no updetes
,Recommended,321360,31750095,Posted: 14 May,all,waddigator,"I'll try to cover everything I personally can say about Extinction. Here we go:First off, the soundtrack to this game isbeautiful. Each class has two songs, one for light action and the other for heavy action. The main theme is very impressive and memorable, not to mention the tracks used in Survival mode.Onto the dinosaurs: absolutely fine. Yes, they're not 'accurate' now, but they're recognizable and likable. Some complain about the rex's proportions, but it's growing on me. The species are implied to have heavily modified genetics, explaining the variety and odd appearances. The only dinosaur that bothers me is the acro; it isn't stylized the same way as the others and looks out of place.The humans might be considered stereotypes, but in my opinion they're very believeable, at least from the info given on their loading screens. I'd love to hear more about their backstories. The animations are a tad bit plain, but that's acceptable as most players don't really examine them closely.Gameplay appears very solid, although I myself have not played enough of Team Deathmatch to say this truthfully. I've had plenty of entertainment just exploring maps. New gamemodes have been released, but are not played often.The community, or at least my experience with it, isn't horrible but you'll sometimes come across people that you simply can't get along with. The developers are very approachable and active. Workshop was implemented as well, allowing artists to publish content to be considered for inclusion in the game.The biggest issues I have noticed with Extinction is the often pessimistic playerbase. Players joining servers for the sheer purpose of insulting and complaining about the state of the game, comically zealous people who preach that 1.3 is better, and so on. Drama does occur rather often.I'm afraid that my view on the game is a bit biased due to how closely I've followed its development. I have always loved the series, even if things do get cancelled."
,Not Recommended,321360,31725687,Posted: 13 May,all,✦|Spooky Xp,"Meh,its not the best game but....it has its upsides and downsides the gameplay can be choppy and really bad,and awful roleplay servers and children ruin it."
,Not Recommended,321360,35171703,Posted: 23 September,all,Shere Khan,The game is dead. There are only a handful of mutliplayer servers with activity and they're mostly RP servers with 'no kill' rules.
,Recommended,321360,13507507,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[Mush]Mspaint,"BEFORE I STARTED PLAYING THIS, HOW WAS MY FEELING OF THE GAMEwas kinda low about the release since i had the old Primal Carnage.. and that was NOT what i expected..this one gave me a uplifting mood actually, and are loving the care they have putted into this title once again.. they did right by remaking the model and uplift it with stuff to do :).WHEN I TRIED IT HOW CAN IT BE COMPARED TO THE HYPE I HAD:i was kinda mad that i had to buy the game since i had the other one.. but that was forgotten when tested, i think its a cool game and got me kinda hookedWILL I STILL BE PLAYING THIS 10 HOURS LATER?if they keep updating the game i will.. im still kinda wary about the devs, that they will not update and keep care for the game so im waiting for some patches, just to see the what work and how often they care for it! they have kept word so faar, last game did not.TOP 3 I LIKE1. Dinosaurs what is there not to like2. Now you get stuff that you can use on your chars. like camos etc.3. you feel kinda good once you get into it.TOP 3 I DONT LIKE1. that i have to pay for a game i have already paid for.. (was worth it though)2. some server lags here and there.3. more to do maybe.SO OVERALL POINTS GIVEN BY ME WHERE 10 IS BEST AND 1 BEING WORST :)Singe player experience: Nothing, all about multiMultiplayer experience:    6/10Graphics:                           7/10Developer update game:  7/10 (per date 21.12.14)Developer informing us about their team and state of game:   7/10 (per date 21.12.14)IS THE GAME WORTH IT?as of now i would say Yes! it has some flaws and needs more care by devs. but i think its still worth it.- Mspaint out"
76561198095785184,Recommended,321360,13291324,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Admiral Sideburns,"Awesome 10/10I have played about an hour of this and already I would give it a 10/10. The gameplay is so much better than the original game, I have had a ug with the texture's but honestly it's a brilliant bug.I would highly recommend this game even in early access."
76561198134071097,Recommended,321360,28338468,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Killiansgirl,It's a good game
76561198120316932,Recommended,321360,15282864,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,(STRM)TheIronWolf45,Everyone got this game for the Alpha skins.10/10
76561198152303278,Recommended,321360,15229347,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Skatro,"This game is amazing and can have so much potential if they keep on adding dino's, hunters, maps, and weapons."
76561198111748290,Recommended,321360,24163459,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Darth_Lttl,"This is a wonderful game. It really is, I mean, it is essentially the few good things about the CoD franchise, and dinosaurs. the cons that I have found, are these*The scum that wait in spectator or join humans and then switch to dinosaur, just because they don't like playing human. Don't be one of these people, they should be kicked for this, or forced to play human for 24 hours*the excess of free roam and roleplay servers, this game was made to be a PvP game! So honestly, don't just go to free roam and waste your precious time on this Earth wandering around as a rexThere are quite a few good things, so the pro's are:*very stable*very few bugs*you can be a friggin dinosaur!*the maps give the feeling you got when you watched ""Jurassic Park"" for the first timeall in all, I think it is worth it. Now, I did get this on sale, but I still feel it is worth the full price"
,Recommended,321360,25031499,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Zenith,Primal carnage: extinctionGREAT GAME really worth the money it is a little glitchy with the servers and could have a few bugs but it is one of the best games i have ever played. I would like to see another charger class but they will add that in the future. All of the dinos are in separate classes so now Overaptor and Novaraptor are kind of different. Some dinosaurs have different attacks now for example the two different flying classes have different attacks one rammes and knocks opponent of ledges and the other picks them up and drop them. A bit different to the first primal carnage game though some ability’s like pounce work differently to the first game. As well as all of this there is a big variety of skins for both dinosaur and humans like volcano Spinosaurus or snowy T-rex.284 hours.
,Recommended,321360,13306735,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Baileyballs,I know this game is early access so here are the good and bad thingsGood things1. Both Teams are equal it isnt just dino's destroying the game!2. Sniper Scope is a lot easier to shoot from.3. More Servers plus for aussie players! :)4. Peltra is a lot more easier to control.Bad things1. few bugs you may encounter2. Needs new maps3. Few achievements dont work yet4. Can't Join a server sometimesOverall rating 8/10
76561198024600437,Recommended,321360,13990917,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Tyrant Lizard King,"ive read alot of reviews both bad and good and honestly i love this i cant stop going to free roam and just laughing till im red. i know there bugs there will always be bugs with any game that just came out if people dont wanna get upet about force yourself not to buy it, and wait till like a year so you know patchs have come out and itll be fine other than that dont go into something with such high expectations or maybe closed minded opinons about some thats in its early stages i am having a freakin blast and yeah ive had moments where i couldnt attack or roar and i died or i got stuck on an invisible wall and could move and died so whatever its all fun i love it"
76561198292779239,Not Recommended,321360,26432500,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Omnibune,"I got then shortly sent this game back, I did enjoy it so let me explain why I sent it back. I had it for a few days andw ould check servers, often only three were active so choosing made me seem like Goldie Locks. One had one to three people, one was filled so i could not join other was decent. So I join it lets me choose which team I join. Humans five dinos twelve, they knew how much stronger they were to point let me use flamethrower until I ran out of fiul before they killed me. Let that sink in, strongest gun in game ran dry and T rex still was able to laugh at me, It took all of us to take one down add 18 more to that. No where to hide unlike 1st one mostly open spaces found one spot under a bridge but raptures came and all big one's were waiting out side. This game needs more active players which I feel could get if had a story line and team balance system like the first one. The graphics were nice the rag doll effect was little over done, but worked. Sadly I could only recamend this is it was 90% off. No point in paying 5.99 on sale I got it for. To be butchered in one of three servers waiting for game to die. As players stop joing."
,Recommended,321360,19588022,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Catwings,"This game has more ups then downs, but its downs are disapointing at times but dose not disrupt gameplay for those who play now and agin for fun. Good examples: the graphics are upealing as well as the animations, good auto balince, includes different ways to injoy the game with roleplay, freeroam, team deathmach and dino deathmach, survival, and get to the choper, custimizable player modles. Now with skins, i feel the loot drop systum is a little broken. Some people seem to get lucky and receave lots of rare and legendary loot. As for casual players, they seem to only get uncommen loot as a lucky loot drop. This is, in theory, because of time spint playing the game. The more you play the game the higher posibility of a rare loot drop. In my openinon its a little stupid for those who don't have time to play the game or don't wish to wast their time on it. Then u buy keys and unlock crates and reaceave nothing good for the $20 they spind on keys. Then they buy them off market for $100s. In the end I think its worth playing more for fun than paying to look the best. It's still a fun and enjoyable game non-the-less and worth the money u pay for the main game."
76561198044023118,Recommended,321360,13294133,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Saber[X],"This here is asymmetrical gameplay done right. In any given match either side of dinosoars or human hunters have a feasible probability of winning if they play their cards right. The deenosoars relies on stealth and finess in the early stages of the match while the hunters have the right of way by way of sheer might (firepower).The dynamic of the game is that there is no definite status quo. 4 V 1, Dinosaurs V Hunters.Are you ready?For another great ""Monster V Hunters"" game I refer you to Depth.http://store.steampowered.com/app/274940/"
76561198145005032,Recommended,321360,22786467,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,{WFFD}Frostclaw,"I honestly really like this game. It's fun, has BEAUTIFUL graphics, and has the most hilarious ragdoll poses.Some people may disagree and say it's not THAT great, but it is. I mean, what game can have a freaking RAPTOR drive a motorcycle? PRIMAL CARNAGE EXTINCTION DOES. Now the only downside of the game is the lag problem. I've had the lag since I first got the game, and it became steadily worse. Fear not though, because I have the solution for this problem! I have found that if you turn ALL the settings down to low and have the FXXA thing on bloom, then the game will run smoothly. It may cost you the games precious graphics, but hey, who would play a game that lags so much it's like the 1980's first computers? I wouldn't! Now along with the lagging is the problems with humans when your a tyrant. Let's say your a T.rex and you're having a good time in the basic testing map when, ""BLAM BLAM!"" A human under the bridge shoots you! You stop and look at the human and roar, hoping to make them stop. The human takes the roar as a sign to continue to shoot and wastes their ammo on you. You get ticked off and run away, but the human, being the♥♥♥♥♥♥head they are, follows you and continues to shoot you. You try and turn around and eat them, but they run away, leaving them open and practically commanding you to give chase. You chase them around until they jump into the water and swim down. You swim down after them, hoping to bite them and eat them. The human goes farther down and hides in the tunnel, now shooting you. You immediately realize this could be your demise and struggle to get out, your health dropping like a rock on a cliff. The human takes one more shot right when you get out and kills you, they then quickly get out and start to T-BAG your body. You rage in chat and curse at the human, calling them mean names and then quitting. This stuff has happened people! And it's not stopping. Now besides the lag and the annoying troll humans, the game is great. You should TOTALLY a buy it, you'll have a blast playing a game that took 65 million years to be created ;) (yes that was a reference to Jurassic Park)"
76561198020834409,Recommended,321360,13431527,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,>{GHS}< Bob,"Played the original Primal Carnage loved it and had alot of fun when I wanted to play a massive multiplayer game vs others. This one is still early on but im having just as much fun as the original and the addition of a item system makes it that much more fun, just played for fun mostly till I saw I recieved a drop and made me more happy since the skins in the game look sexy as hell. Now on a gameplay standpoint its still early needs alot of tweaking before its balanced but the amount of maps and classes to play per side makes each map fun and never know what crazy stuff will happen, I recommend buying this game if you liked the original and want to play a slightly more updated version and also if you have not I recommend if you like games like Left For Dead with both teams having controllable strong classes but in 1v1 not as much but in a group so much can happen. I may change my review depending on the future updates but I enjoy the game and recommend to anyone who likes Left For Dead style gameplay. Oh and one more thing if you like Dinosaurs as I did growing up watching the original Jurassic Park you will love the game, I mean who does not like Dinosaurs?"
76561198165783127,Recommended,321360,20786388,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,☠ M'Lady™,10/10 would dino again.
,Recommended,321360,14023694,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Skylynx,"Primal Carnage: Extinction works the same as their first game, Primal Carnage, however it feels different, the look, weight and sounds of this game. The Dinosaurs are colourful whilst the Humans are dark so its hard for the Dinosaurs to spot them in scrubs of bushland, which is a really good idea.However most of the Dinosaurs are Over powered, such as the Tyrats with the most amounts of health in the game whilst the humans all have the same amount, which to me is unfair, because their could be a whole team of Tyrants and the humans would get destroyed in one game, seems unfair but I'm just neat picking.What is a good idea with the game devs is that they put a trading system in, so you could trade your weapons, skins, guns and many more for money or for something else, this was an awesome idea.Also each map from the old game is new and remasted, better quality for each one, also adding in a few new ones.Even thou this game is still in beta, but it doesn't feel that way, this game is fun and enjoyable,8.5/10."
76561197967935935,Not Recommended,321360,19147392,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Faucheur,"This game is so broken that even the first one was better. They made the T-rex useless, almost did not bring anything new, all they did was change the name and put some more DLC. I'm a really huge Dino fan and this game has enormous potential but everytime I play all I get is deceived. I think the game cost me like 2$ and that was not even worth it."
76561198113298290,Recommended,321360,16286013,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,JurassicMonster,"Very fun, realistic in the right places, and it has dinosaurs eating people, whats not to like!While roleplay is a fair sized part of this games community, there are still plenty who play the other game modes.Plenty of skins, and classes so you can choose just the right dinosaur or human for you. Beautiful graphics and sound quality, every dinosaur plays different and has its own role.If you like dinosaur games with a fair amount of realism, then this game is for you!"
76561198167663357,Not Recommended,321360,29937360,Posted: 15 February,all,☯{<3YC}Idle_Tech☯,"-Decided to launch game after a hiatus lasting several months-Did some crafting-Picked a server (had server picked for me)-Ended up on Free Roam-30 minutes hunting a skilled player who actually wanted to kill and play legit, not sit in a circle around the admin-Player logged off-Traded-Got yelled at for not giving a free hand out-Everyone left-New server-Found a fun server with lots of activity-Had to leave; friend was banned for killing-New server-Yelled at for killing-Chat got heated-Was manipulated by player-Picked a fight with said player over the error of their ways-Player Blocked me-Quit gameMiss killing"
,Recommended,321360,13611485,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Whazdee,"""I hid in the bushes stalking and observing a hulking T-Rex clomping around the pathway. It stopped for a moment. My chance to strike! I emptied BOTH of my Magnum Revolvers into it's hide, every one of the twelve shots ringing out loud and true. I was sure I had the beast defeated, surely no class could take a barrage like tha-"" CHOMP. He turned around and ate me with a simple click of the mouse.Balanced/10Would play fair again"
76561198104681932,Recommended,321360,13248738,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,James,This game is FREAKING awesome!
76561198119693338,Recommended,321360,14114610,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Hex: Reaper,This Is My Favorite Game On Steam!!!
76561198215437093,Recommended,321360,19596424,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Spuffling 165,The only thing I wouldchange is add ceratosaurusand make the loot drop faster.
,Recommended,321360,18404751,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Spy-Cat,this game is fun the graphics are good playing as a dino or a human is awesome
76561198123175405,Recommended,321360,31209429,Posted: 17 April,all,IntimidatingFrog,"A very much like this game and i highly reccomend it. However, there is a problem, and that's bought skin crates don't workthey simply don't and frankly it's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off considoring i bought 4. So if you see this devs, plz fix"
,Recommended,321360,13232189,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Xanthe,"As is always the way with Early Access, there are bound to be a few bugs and things that need to be ironed out. Such as some of the animation transitions and a few other nit-picky things.Some people have been reporting CTD's and crashed at the end of matches, but I have yet to encounter these problems myself.All-in-all though, Primal Carnage: Extinction has many advantages over its predecessor and is a major upgrade.All of the maps have been completely overhauled and now look fantastic, the design and graphical quality is far superior and contributes to a more immersive and satisfying gaming experience.The different species of dinosaurs within each class now have slightly differing abilities which adds variety to gameplay whilst providing players with a wider range of play-styles. The human weapon system has also been revamped with all classes now having a secondary weapon as well as the addition of support roles (i.e. throwing down health or ammo packs). This, I feel, helps to make the game a lot more balanced. (Providing people utilize teamwork, of course!)The movement and the attacks of the dinosaur classes takes some re-learning, but once you get used to it you'll have no problems. Definitely worth the purchase, especially if you enjoyed the original Primal Carnage."
,Recommended,321360,13231933,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,spinoraptyrex,"I have played a lot of the original Primal carnage and I enjoyed it to death. This game feels to me like it could be a fresh beginning, and I really hope I'm not wrong. The only thing that is bugging me right now, is the fact that controlling the dinos and characters feels... awkward. Attacking is a gamble, hoping to hit whatever is in your general aiming direction. Strafing feels way to jumpy for me, but animations, sounds and graphics are all as I hoped they would be. Overall, I would recommend it. It just has too much potential to not get it. So, stop reading this and play this game!EDIT (june 26th, 2015)After the recent content update end several patches that focused on bugfixing, I'm glad to say that the game is looking very good now. A new playable dinosaur has been added, as well as a great variety of skins to collect and trade. Controls feel better than ever and the game is now fair to both human and dinosaur. If you do not own this game yet, I highly recommend you buy it right now. It's well worth it's price."
76561198101423035,Recommended,321360,13241543,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Fred Lemon,Very epic game Tf2 with dinosaursRaptor jump on me 14/10
,Recommended,321360,15260093,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Red Sky Griffin,"This game is on the ball, first off its better than the original game because of the new game types like free roam were you can be any dinosaur and then another game type like dino deathmatch were everyone is a dino and can kill the opposite dino team, second thing is the new skins which are rocking. And last are the new maps, graphics and sounds. All of this in one game, you are not prepared. :))"
,Not Recommended,321360,22431346,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Aeor Vidicus,As much as i love dinos imma have to give this game a nay. I will make key notes on what i love about this game.Pros -The game has dinosaurs....nough said-The Graphics are pretty fantastic-During an actual battle the game is tops and teamwork is utilizedCons -THIS GAME IS LITERALLY I BUNCHA FREEROAM RP SERVERS-I have nothing against the Rpers but the random dino humping rp gets old-on the rare event that theres actually combat match its always some sideways modified server that just makes it a cluster F#$@This is just my opinion of this game i mean i still try and play it but the review is very real
76561198240236576,Recommended,321360,20077230,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Shadow~Nova,this is a good game becuase u can play with friends online and u can finaly do dino.v.dino and i love it u might too. Please do play this game and others.
,Recommended,321360,31345537,Posted: 24 April,all,DilophosaurusREX,"I apsolutely love this game and can't get enough of it, online or off I go to this game always when I have the choice, but when you go offline I would like to see some form of AI or bots so you can practice in an offline game. There are also some amaing skins and incredible community support, overall a fantasatic game that I always recommend for colaborations or casual play with friends."
,Recommended,321360,15217717,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ＨＡＣＫＥＲＭＡＮ,"This is one of the best games ever just telling you buy it, play it, enjoy it. :)"
,Not Recommended,321360,26692341,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Spyfire01,"buggy pounces, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hitboxes, only skins matter,...+many people are salty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s :)I recommend playing Primal Carnage (more Deathmatch servers & easy-to-get-used-to combat).At least the game has good graphics & gameplay (after a few patches)Despite the negative aspects the game is fun :D"
76561198208392833,Recommended,321360,19314704,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Guynosaur101,"A very fun and enjoyable game, with the recent updates the game has improved drastically and i highly recommend it, i hope to see some more wonderfully made dinosaur models in the future!"
76561198143338050,Recommended,321360,23051423,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,DireWolf,"Not sure where to start with this, I guess with an introduction of some sorts.I'll be honest with you, I really enjoy this game. I've played about 580 hours of it and owned the game since a few days after its release (in Early Access), in late 2014. Also it has dinosaurs in it, which is just a topic I love.Personally I believe that a lot of the negativity towards the game is simply due to not understanding the amount of developers working on it and its budget. There's not enough people and resources to add your favourite dinosaur into the game damnit! There are an awful lot of people who just complain about getting new content, without knowing the developers are actually adding new content and changes, just more to the scale of gamemode fixes and class balancing rather than something honestly rediculous like hybrid dinosaurs.While the game has many flaws they are being worked on, and that's at least something. I'm personally very excited for the next patch which adds challenges, reworks the Carnotaurus etc. and definitely won't stop playing it, not yet.The game isn't dead yet, neither is it dying.Also is has cosmetic items. And dinosaurs.Dinosaurs are cool."
,Not Recommended,321360,33551441,Posted: 14 July,all,A funny meme,To Much roleplay your better off getting it on console.
76561198150971478,Recommended,321360,19101534,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Juster of Rivia,"I'm not gonna lie - Primal Carnage: Extinction is one of my favourite games I've played alongside Witcher 3 and Assassin's Creed 4. I suggest you to buy it. Sure, it may have flaws but they are pretty avoidable. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,321360,15242030,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,(FGoW) Fєαthēř 🐉,I absolutely love this game. It's great for anyone who likes dinosaurs as the models are fantastic and there's many different types of dinosaurs to play as. This game is where I've met all of my best friends I have today and I honestly wouldn't be where I am without it. It may not be everyone's cup of tea but this is one of the best games in the world in my opinion.
,Recommended,321360,15917689,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Quality,this game is fun and i say you should get it but have a good pc to get all graphics to the full i keep mine on low slightly dull but worth playing with it xD its fun to rp when im laggy and cant play any deathmatches  but anyway i love this game the skins its just fun and saying to my friends to get it!
,Recommended,321360,16016901,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,4five4,Really fun game
,Recommended,321360,20653077,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Youch,"After nearly a year of playing this. I finally write a review. If you want to play on max graphics, I suggest a computer with a good graphics card. If not, medium and low work fine for me. Anyway, this game has many bugs that are quite funny and sometimes disturbing such as rag dolls after death. Other bugs like spectating glitch when trying to avatar a class your spawned as admin, and crafting/skin/inventory errors, aren't so pleasant. The game is simple and truly beautiful in my opinion. There are many ways to customize your own dinosaurs/humans, too. The only thing I don't like about the skins, is how surprisingly high priced they are. 30+ USD? Wow. Also, dinosaurs are a little be too strong. Humans should be buffed a bit, but I guess with enough skill it is possible. It's a great game for Dinosaurs vs Humans if you want to hunt or be hunted as a dinosaur, or be killed constantly by them along with blowing them up. I do indeed recommend this.. I think."
,Recommended,321360,13247238,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Prominency,"~ALPHA REVIEW~Positives:-Excellent Graphics-Great improvements from original-Skins are a freakin awesome addition in the way of which you can buy and EARN them-New HUD is pretty nice for character selection-Nice Gameplay as an overallNegatives:-Models are buggy when you die (doesnt mean its not fun to push them around hehe)-Sometimes you have to verify cache from varies errorsOverall, it is a great game that if you played the original must be in ur library. It's 85% off come on, you gotta try it :). 10/10"
76561198096223057,Recommended,321360,13231569,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,BrokenCode,"Review Score : 6/10Yes, I love dinosaursYes, I love Primal CarnageNo, I don't hate ExtinctionNo, I dont think the game is badly made.But, what i can tell you, is that the game has an exponential amount of bugs. This makes the game sort of unplayable on one hand, but actually isn't that bothering on the other. My short sentence to describe this state of the game (which is already getting bug fixes) is,""Epicly new and exciting, but buggy and hard to play.""I say this because some people cannot join servers, some have great lag issues, and some have control/visual problems.All of these problems are from different variables and could relate to your system, computer, RAM, Etc.Other then those bugs, the game is awesome and provides everything new (yes, everything is new and remade)If you already had Primal Carnage and loved it, go buy it for $3. But if you never played Primal Carnage, I would recommend waiting a week or month until buying the game.Thumbs up if you agree! :D"
76561198053064095,Recommended,321360,13251614,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Juice Weasel,An interesting remake.
76561198122572473,Recommended,321360,19773302,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,TheGoldenBadger,this game was laggy but i changed a few settings and its great you should really get it its awsome
,Not Recommended,321360,33711007,Posted: 21 July,all,[ABMC]Dr. Dinosaur,this game has dead TDM servers and if you're a wierdo join the roleplay serversthis is a dead game
76561198173774535,Recommended,321360,25546672,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,CakerTron,"This is game is pretty fun, humans vs dinosaurs fight to the death, what could be better than guns and dinosaurs? DINOSAURS!!"
,Recommended,321360,15297400,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Slyclone,Primal CArnage is one of the best dinosaur games  ever....although it could use some improvement i believe that it has the potential to become one of the best games ever......i think there should be an underwater mode where you play as tylosaures and moasasures  and such...and the humans would be divers.....i also think that there should be a survival mode for humans where dinosaurs a storming the base and you have to last as long as possible...these are just some of the things that this game could achieve
76561197965046644,Recommended,321360,34987957,Posted: 15 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"1. Fought a T-Rex only to be picked up by a flying dino and taken off the map.2. Played as T-Rex and laughed as the humans ran from me and started jump off a cliff...I guess falling to their death is better then being eaten alive.3. Made it as a soldier to the escape helicopter only to be swarmed by Raptors......The T-Rex just stay in the back ground watching me scream for my life.4. Spawned a marine only to die 2 steps out of respawn by a dino dropping a pyro on me5. Hid inside a factory only to turn around and see a raptor behind me....Clever Girl....Overall if you want to see how it feels to be a dino or a human being stomped, picked up , eaten or head butted to death then give this game a try. I have to say it was worth it...T-Rexs are still scary."
76561198387528466,Recommended,321360,33387697,Posted: 8 July,all,zenothisle,pretty cool game
,Recommended,321360,14272423,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MKingfisher,"Best game ever, I enjoy playing this PC:E. It is currently my favorite game."
76561198129303834,Recommended,321360,15229073,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[OviL] liv,"I Absolutley Love this game because I can Go on Roleplay Servers, Dino vs Dino,  GTTC And TDM.I've Mastered Most maps and I hope  there will be new maps soon, Even if it takes a while."
76561198197975026,Recommended,321360,31817110,Posted: 17 May,all,TEM187,Dinosaurs. Guns. I don't need to say anything else.
,Recommended,321360,21280594,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Warriorbadger.png™,"Best. Game. Ever! A Fun, Classic Dinosaur Vs Human game, play as either one. All sorts of Classes for the Teams, such as a Dilophasaurus for Dino Team, and a Female Scientist for the Human Team. Has some pretty great Commands to take Pictures.. *Cough* Great Pictures *Cough*...Some could even say learn from this game, perhaps... It does have a Backstory, and a Rather fun one. Roleplay, Kill, and such! I would most DEFINETELY (I spelt it correctly, right?) Recommend this Awesome, Fun game! Totally worth it!"
76561198103630420,Not Recommended,321360,29019701,Posted: 4 January,all,☭Крал на Раптори,"well i did like this game to start wtith but now after some updates it have change...8-9 out of 10 shot´s with most thing´s mostly misses.It dident do that before. This game has alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥servers for example the so called ""Rp ones"". I have stop enjoy playing this and i don´t want others to suffer of the lag and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that this game have beacome i would not even recomend the game for dino lovers like myself. It´s mostly just a waste of money and isnt even worth buying on sales. If you like rp or being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you might enjoy the game. Well that´s it.Good Thing´s with the game+you can act like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to all other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sBad thing´s about the game-Mostly evrythingBad Servers also.Only these ""freeroam"" ones and well just unfair in evry way so do yourself a favour and don't buy it.Update: Only New Expensive skins what people waste money on and Just a generly shity Game I recomend you guys to not buy it"
,Recommended,321360,30252959,Posted: 28 February,all,x_Dedly_x,great game but needs primal carnage (original) skins to work.
,Not Recommended,321360,19953235,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dr. Permixtus,"I played the first one and really really liked it. Primal Carnage Extincion however is not really like the first one.The gameplay is incredibly unbalanced, while everyone tries to pick Dinosaur in the beginning of a round you're stuck with always playing Human, which wouldn't be as bad if human wouldn't be incredibly hard to play. Dinosaurs are clearly more powerful and all the balance that you could feel in Primal Carnage doesn't seem to be there anymore.Sure, if you know how to play human right, you can get a lot of kills, but dinosaurs don't require this learning period that humans do.One thing that also bothers me is that the Teamswitch at the end of the round like in Primal Carnage doesn't exist anymore. It just switches to the next map which leads you back to the ""click Dinosaur as fast as possible""During everyone wanting to play dinosaur you'll also get autobalance quite often and have teams of 9 Dinos and 7 humans.Knowing how to play the game makes up for a lot of stuff, but not everything. While it can be incredibly fun to just knife Raptors to Death as a Trapper or Shoot Pteranodons out of the Sky as Scientist, it is also very fun to play as a Dinosaur, with their different abilities. Though it requires some learning time and good nerves!Overall it is a fun game, I would however recommend the original Primal Carnage for people who want a balanced competetive game.For everyone who doesn't care about that stuff this game also has a big Roleplay community, Skins and better graphics than the first game. For people who like Dinosaurs and like to just look at them and chill out, walk around and chat with other people this game could be for you."
,Recommended,321360,13309812,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Bad_Dude,My kids and I had a ball eating people as the Rex. This game is only going to get better!
76561198215747056,Recommended,321360,23366512,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,antony.*****,"epic, super fast paste and fun, you also get to beat the living hell out of humans and DINOSAURS!10/10"
76561198067500147,Recommended,321360,13251050,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Admiral Rumplebottom,"I'm very happy with this game. It might be an early access bug-fest, but you can tell that the devs have put work into ironing out the issues with the original.A lot of people are unhappy about buying a new game when the old devs promised an update. I see the problem, but the game is under new management. How can the new devs make any money from a game they can't sell?Also, there are plenty of new features. There's lots of new maps & skins, an economy system and the teams are finally balanced. You don't automatically get the most kills if you play the T-Rex now.Yes, there are a few issues, but the game isn't finished. I, for one, am thoroughly enjoying it. I give it a 9/10 and hope that the future developments push that score up further!"
76561198328836036,Recommended,321360,30948507,Posted: 4 April,all,Sarge,I love this game with all my heart
,Recommended,321360,21548501,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,SpookySuper,"this game is lyfbeing a dinosaur and eating people, what's not to love?"
76561198072270463,Recommended,321360,13275412,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ariccio,"I genuinnely love this game, but I have only one complaint. It's kinda big. At the end of a match, the scoreboard said that I unlocked a skin through loot. But when I went to check it, it wasn't there. Get on that devs!"
,Recommended,321360,17665345,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,The Dapper Allosaur,"I was an origianal fa of Primal Carnage, and loved it to bits, then this came out..... WOW is all i have to say.Pros-DinosaursMany Dinosaurs; Tyrannosaurus Rex, Spinosaurus, Acrocanthosaurus, Novaraptor, Oviraptor, Dilophosaurus, Cryolophosaurus, Carnotaurus, Pteranodon, Tupandactylus.Many dinosaur abilitiesMany Humans; Pathfinder, Commando, Scientist, Pyro, Trapper.Many WeaponsMany MapsMany Skins for Dinos, Weapons and humansGreat GraphicsGreat Soundtrack and sound effects.Many Gamemodes; Team DeathMatch, Dino DeathMatch, Get to the choppa, Survival.Cons-Ok OptimizationAll in all, i love this game to bits, and is one of my favourites ever. With more new content constantly being added, this game ahas soooo much potential.10/10"
76561198091519677,Recommended,321360,13939390,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SuperUtahThief,"This game has the potential to be something amazing, and I know the dev team is working towards it (too slow for some people it seems) but at the moment it has not lived up to the original PC. Do I recomend buying the game now, NO! If you want to enjoy the game right from the moment you hit buy, get it when it officially releases. Until then, play the original. Still very fun and very broken."
,Recommended,321360,14546512,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,PhantomRaptor,"Please note this review was written during the game's early access. (which means free Volcanic Spino, yay!)OverviewPrimal Carnage was a game I had a lot of fun on a few years ago but also I got pretty bored of it. There were only 3 game modes and only one that you could ever really find a match in, Team Deathmatch. I got pretty excited when I saw the developers were re-building the game, and the screenshots they were releasing were so good looking. I got pretty annoyed when I found out that they had decided to turn all this awesome new content into a semi-sequel game. So here it is at last, Primal Carnage: Extinction. Upon first starting up the game its immediatley obvious how much nicer the UI and graphics are. However you immediatley run into the same problems with only being able to find team deathmatch games. However, this time the developers have added loot into the game. This may sound very cool, however it is annoying as less and less players are playing on proper game servers and are instead farming the loot system on 2:00 long match, loot servers, This sucks. It means there is only ever about one fully populated server so it can be hard sometimes to find a good game. However, the core gameplay has been refined, so if you can put up with the small amount of players then extinction is a very enjoyable experience.Positive+ Graphics+ Gameplay+ SkinsNegative- Loot Servers- Lack of PlayersConclusionPrimal Carnage: Extinction is a very enjoyable game and one that I will continue to play, however it is brought down by how common the loot servers are, balancing issues and the lack of players, especially those playing other game modes."
76561198070085356,Not Recommended,321360,28336190,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Rapty Dapty,"The community is sparse, and what's there is bad. For an almost strictly multiplayer game, that does not bode well. Just don't buy it, wait for Mesozoica (if its not already out when you're reading this. CANT WAIT!!!) if you like dinosaurs. There really arent very good dino combat games anymore."
,Recommended,321360,24397659,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Doodle,"It has dinosaurs in it. You really need more than just dinos? Ok. It's a human vs dinosaurs.What else can I say. Buy the game. Thats all the info I have for ya. BUY THE GAME. ITS WORTH THE $20.Side Note:When I first loaded up the game I couldn't play multiplayer. If you guys face this problem just delete some files you don't need and the ones that take up a ton of space. I did that, and my multiplayer started working. My theory is that some of the files could mess up the multiplayer in the game. So thats a way you can fix the multiplayer.Other:BUY THE GAME!"
76561198047855330,Recommended,321360,13246417,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kordak,"Review Update: Dec 5, 2014. Post patch.Well, this game is now better then the original! Now that the majority of the bad bugs have been taken care of, Extinction is difinently worth playing now. The gameplay is faster-paced then the first, dinosaurs and humans control excellently, and loot drops are starting to come along in the form of a couple new dinosaur & weapon skins. Here's to hoping the human equiptable items & dinosaur cosmetic items are coming very soon.Pros:-Tight controls overall.-No more abusing of terrain like in the old game! Ever since the 1.3 patch in the first PC, everyone abused rockclimbing glitches. Can't do that anymore.-Playing as the humans is a tense, fast-paced experience. Though humans seem to move a bit fast. Maybe slowing them down a bit would fix this.-Dinosaurs control better then in the original Primal Carnage and is extremely satisfying. Sprinting with a dinosaur actually feels faster and does not have an annoying blur effect to simulate fake speed like in the first PC.-The enviorments are much inproved over the original. Maps are more vibrant with detail to the foliage, buildings and terrain.-Humans have a larger variety of weapons & items at their disposal. More options are going to be added over the following weeks.-Loot is only awarded at the end of a game, meaning players can't log on and then quit the game once they have their stuff like in TF2.-Cosmitic skins and items can be mixed & matched, giving a better variety of customization than the first game.-Most of the existing effects look good. The fire does looks a tad odd, but that doesn't make a flaming carnotaurus barreling straight towards your face any less scary. XDCons:-Some of the animations on the humans, particularly their walking animation, could use some work.-You can win crates in your loot, but there are no keys to unlock them yet. :(-Some of the weapons sound pitiful compared to their counterparts in the first game, particularly the shotgun and rifle.-The pteranodon's grab feels fantastic overall, but it seems a bit to forgiving, as humans will constently be gravitated into your grasp that should have missed. They need to decrease the grabbing zone a bit to balance how easy it is to use.-On the other hand the raptor's pounce could have a slightly wider grab range. You can't jump if you aim past the pounce range. Having a quick-pounce option but just quickly clicking the pounce to just leap in the pointed direction would make it better.-Could use a little more detail in a couple of the maps. One example is the Atrium C map, where the map event sets the dome to lockdown and zaps everything inside the dome to instant death. There are no electical effects when this happens. Everyone just dies. There needs to be an electical shock overlay or a flash on the screen to complete the effect, otherwise it seems a bit lazy.-Still a few random bugs here and there. One persistent one at that at the beginning of a match, the top & bottom of the screen are cut out by black bars, block your HUD. They will eventually disappear, but its still a bit annoying. Another glitch I recently found was that after a match an error box will appear and the game crashes, however this happens after the ending screen during map transition, so it doesn't effect your loot drop.All & all, if you are a first Primal Carnge owner, jump at the chance for the $3.00 price. If you were thinking of getting the first Primal Carnage, get this instead. It has what the first PC had and more in the near future. The first PC in its current 1.3 build is filled with unbalanced classes and glitched up terrain, and they aren't gonna update it anytime soon. Extinction however has a bright future with more fairly balancing, more maps, and customization options"
,Not Recommended,321360,29244616,Posted: 14 January,all,_♫⚣Sylveon⚣♫_,"We waited MOUNTHS for un update. Since october the gam,e has some TERRYFYING glitches, nobody fixed them in the latest update. It eas all about making us pay for winter things instead of halloween things while we are drowning in glitches, crashes and bugs. i will put on a positive review as soon as i see that my money is not wasted like this. If this continues for mounths again, i will want my money back."
,Not Recommended,321360,19891341,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Spring,"this game in a nutshell: buggy, unbalanced and frustrating.but hey, atleast the dino skins look nice"
,Not Recommended,321360,20016688,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Antonytycoon,"I picked this up in the sale at 70% off and it still isn't worth it. As a fan of the original game I find this insulting.An ingame shop with overpriced items such as player skins and keys which allow you to unlock the ingame items you pickup while paying. This wouldn't normally be an issue if items in game didn't cost hundreds in real life money to buy.Admins join in on the few deathmatch servers available with indestructibility and the ability to drop unlimited grenades while playing as a dinosaur.  The majority of servers are roleplaying kids and the community is cancerous, they will attack you if you call an admin out on cheating in game.The game is also very buggy and the developers seem lazy. Do not buy this game.Refund request sent."
,Not Recommended,321360,20195723,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,๖ۣۜNova (mostly dead),"I'm gonna keep this short, since I hate writing essays on games.So yeah.. My time playing this game. I went through a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ roleplay phase. Let's not talk about that... Ever...Now I mainly play the game because it has nice dinosaur models to look at and There are quite a few. And mess with people as usual. However that does not make this game good. The animations are so slow and lazy, along with the gameplay that is lackluster and far from balanced.The original Primal Carnage is better than this in so many ways. The feeling of weakness as a human was great. We had to group together and try to survive as raptors and pteras dogged us the whole way. I can't understand what the developers had in mind when they made this. The original was very balanced.Along with all that, Their additions of ""New"" dinosaurs are just reskins of others. With SLIGHTLY different abilitys. The most creative they got was with Acrocanthosaurus, it has a nice skin and has deviated from the other tyrant classes. Faster with less health and AOE.My final verdict is 6/10 due to the bad animations and the lazy addition of dinosaurs."
,Not Recommended,321360,24539130,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Red Dilophosaurus™,"This game is just downright cringeworthy and beyond disappointing to a point that is not even describable.Don't let the title fool you. Unfortunately, this game is no PvP like originally intended, it's more of an RP and skin simulator than anything. There are VERY few servers that actually engage in PvP, and it's just unbalanced like crazy, as most of the guns are just inaccurate in their damage and hitboxes, and of course not to mention most of the dinosaurs are overpowered, especially the Novaraptors with their absolutely horrific pouncing that makes it impossible for the humans to kill them. Most of the time, the dinosaurs just slaughter the humans, or they might go butthurt if you kill them with their godly legendary skin on. The developers say they will do balancing changes, but most of the time I just feel they are marginal, and that the community is just way too terrible that it just nullifies whatever balancing changes there is.But then the community in general just doesn't care about the PvP. They care about all the various dinosaur skins and such. There is already an unnecessarily massive, and I mean massive amount of them. There's the drop system in which people lose their mind whenever they don't get what they want out of it, as in the marketplace, the skins used to be like $300+, I suspect most of those cases where those little kids just stole their parents' VISA cards to get their beloved skins. However, now it is dropped down, but some of the stuff is still quite ridiculously priced. In 95+% of the servers, which are freeroam/roleplay, if you dared try killing some of these kids, they will just either start a war with you in the chat or just spam click votekick you out of the server. If you tried to point out flaws in the game, they will get on you for that as well. The community is so horrible that you'd likely struggle in even trying to troll them.Now, you may see that I have 2000+ hours logged in. But that was the past. And I'm not afraid to say that I used to be part of the community, and I'll admit I was skin simulating a huge amount of time. But that all happened quite a while ago, and now I can't stand this ""game"" anymore as this review is reflecting how I now feel about it. I would for sure sell some of those skins I have, but then that 15-day hold rule in the market, and that I'm pretty lazy to get an authenticator, and I already have money from other things anyways so it's not a priority. But if you see alot of skins in my inventory, don't take it as if I still play this excuse of a game.Want a good dinosaur game? Either try for The Isle (although its community is somewhat crap too, but it's waaaayyyyy better than this), or wait for Saurian.EDIT: A new update just came. Mostly consisting of load of new skins. Yeah this game is sooo not a skin simulator and is soooo a PvP competition."
76561198239992468,Recommended,321360,23540045,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,❄~-RowanWind-~❄,"Primal Carnage: Extinction is a very well made game with Superior graphics. Taking on Team Deathmatch, Free Roam, Dino Deathmatch, and Roleplay. Primal Carnage: Exintinction i think will be a perfect game for dinosaur lovers, or if your more into fighting dinosaurs Primal Carnage: Extinction is still for you! You can play as Humans or Dinosaurs! All in all i think i will give Primal Carnage:extinction a 4 stars one deduction is autobalance.. and alot of it! XD Thats not really it i think its deducted 1 star because if you have a old/ bad computer that cant handle very good graphics it kind of takes away the feel for the game.Over all though its an amazing game and i really think you should go pick it up!"
,Not Recommended,321360,23299986,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Saucy Dangles,I will change my rating to recommended when I see more than 15 people playing the game at the same time.
76561198048303765,Recommended,321360,13590247,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Skyd Min Fod,"I really enjoy this game, but its hard to find servers sometimes and the dinosaurs wins every round. but all in all amazing game 8/10 for the early access in its current state. When they update it to the full version its going to be awesome!"
,Recommended,321360,13289474,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Stealing Your Wifi,this game is awesome
76561198108064471,Recommended,321360,19683549,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Golden Witch,"There are certainly problems with this game, with a few examples being expensive microtransactions, bugs, glitches, etc. However, the gameplay and experience of Dinosaurs vs. Humans is very much a fun time. The Dinosaurs are the main reason to consider the game, but the human classes have their strenths, too. I won't recommend full price though. It's not a $20 game. Get it when it's on sale for around $10 or $12."
76561198218203915,Recommended,321360,33046600,Posted: 30 June,all,ZachMan,I love the dinos in this game along with the humans. I enjoy how they made it fun to play either side even if you like another side more. This game got me into fps games and I think its a great way to get into fps games if you haven't played one yet.
,Recommended,321360,33291003,Posted: 5 July,all,Only1DragonR,Very fun very nice to play and very cool game for me :)
76561198211552532,Recommended,321360,23965295,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,shrekdognoscope,"At first when i got the game, it was very competitive and challenging, but a few weeks later, nearly every single server was freeroam, and the maximum of 5 teamdeathmatches only had 2 or less people! But this does not mean the game changed, a month later, they added admin commands including many things even vehicles that you can ride! The fact that many people stopped playing the game, made it more fun as you knew alot of the players in the game. Although it was not as great as I thought, I surely recommend this game for you especially if your social and love dinosaurs!"
76561198204613293,Recommended,321360,18421031,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,TurdMgee,this game is the best but if you could add herbivores it be even better
,Recommended,321360,17583057,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,The velociraptor Blue,you are badass wen your playing primalcanege extinsion
76561198129289802,Recommended,321360,17797225,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Brendene0,"I love this game and all the awesome skins that the game offers us, it's quite laggy but for a game so complex it could be worse. But is could use more, like more dinosaurs because the people that play the game really want herbivores. But I really want is accessible on more platforms like Mac because the PC that I have is extremely laggy and I can't take it anywhere and I dont want to buy a new PC to play the one game. But other than that this game is amazing and I'm looking forward for more content."
76561198147256074,Recommended,321360,17417962,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Hazagon,Fantastic game :spino: Lots of fun and a fantastic community :)
76561198170715307,Recommended,321360,17785197,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,The Serpent of the Six,If your fetish is dinosaur porn this will be your favorite game! DON'T GO IN THE ROLEPLAY SERVERS OH GOD NOT THE ROLEPLAY SERVERS!!!!
,Recommended,321360,17796998,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,The Big lizard,"Has some bugs and some gamemods still need polishing, but is still fun."
76561198146112632,Recommended,321360,17877696,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,~{~*The Spino DuDe*~}~,"It's an amazing game, I try to enjoy it as much as I can but theres ONE single problem; Lag, It's unbelievable how much this game lags, my computer is a pretty decent one so I doubt It's the computer's fault, I hope that problem gets fixed, I really hope."
76561198085760084,Recommended,321360,18038125,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Kray511,It's challenging and fun... needs some up to date hardware to play though...
76561198096286928,Recommended,321360,18091266,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Viper,"The game is like TF2 with dinosaurs. 420/69Alas, it is with a heavy heart that I say the game is breathing its final breath. Roleplayers are taking over, destroying its purpose and its playerbase. It has become an overdose of roleplay and freeroam servers filled with weird dinosaur OCs. Please, buy this game and revive team deathmatch and ultimately Primal Carnage: Extinction. 1 buy = 1 prayer."
76561198068801772,Recommended,321360,19117439,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Rosstafa,"Since the addition of the economy system giving players some sort of reward, PC:E has become a lot more enjoyable. Solid gameplay, nice variation between classes. Generally really fun. :)"
76561198221102496,Recommended,321360,17790189,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Stewie Griffin,"Its like Tf2, but with dinosaurs. Whats not to love?"
76561198080303386,Recommended,321360,18686524,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SpartanGut (Or HammerDuke),"Amazing game. I love playing TDM, no dinosaur Multiplayer game is better."
,Recommended,321360,19805454,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ForestDragon,The game is very playable and fun! I always can find Team Deathmatch servers!
76561198092494482,Recommended,321360,17888113,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Lil Boom,THIS IS AWESOME!!!!!
76561198203609041,Recommended,321360,17949899,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,76561198203609041,i love this it is just tons and tons of fun i just cant stop playing it and that it got some new dinosaurs which makes it much more fun and counting thhat there are some neew gamemodes added it makess it much more fun
,Recommended,321360,18021436,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Raptor,"The gameplay its nearly the same as team fortess but with dinosaurs.If you like team multiplayer games with fast deths and fast kills, you will like this game.7.6/10"
,Recommended,321360,17287021,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,†GracefulGravity†,"Its a bit laggy, from time to time. Would like my ping to be under 70 cause it becomes annoying to see yourself sliding. Would recommend the game, its awesome and extremely good."
,Recommended,321360,15276326,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Pure Essence 纯度,"Primal Carnage Review Current Patch = V 1.9.2Pros-A fun game, i'll admit i've had over 1,000+ hours on this game and hope to get more, i really do like playing with friends to chill and relax.-Dinosaurs! Who doesn't want to play as a Dinosaur?!!!!Cons-Not a serious death match game, sadly this game doesnt do the best job of giving that experience.-Don't buy this game if you dont want to relax and chill, this game has 3/4 chill and kill servers and about 1/3 of TDM servers, there is only 1 or 2 Good TDM servers you'll enjoy.Thanks for reading my review"
76561198072406131,Recommended,321360,13232849,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dimacusa,"Loved it! At first i tried to play and it was so laggy. but my comp is old so thats expected. once i messed with my graphics a bit, it ran great. now it runs smooth and i can kill all humans i want. Yay, oviraptor!"
76561198070844427,Recommended,321360,13231947,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,bassplaya1549,"Liking the updates to this game...being an original Primal Carnage fan this game is for sure an upgrade from the original. However with early access you will notice that bugs are everywhere...as the days, months, years go on they will patch the game to make it better. The Dinosaur physics are MUCH improved and the graphics seem overhauled for the better. I am excited for the new ""Loot"" system and I LOVE the customization option...however their really isn't much to customize with right now since the game is in Early Access. I love the direction this game is going...and I am a happy customer!"
,Recommended,321360,19243338,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,xXHunterXx {ᴀ|ᴋ|ғ},Great for Rping!
76561198102742814,Recommended,321360,16943139,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Hyperion,This game is the best game i have ever played!!!
76561198008595661,Recommended,321360,15329739,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,penhux,The only thing I can think of that this game needs is more aiming down sights for weapons like the assualt rifle and net gun and ect. also there needs to be a better melee system with human classes.  The raptors in my opions need a greater area of effect for their maul attack.  More classes and more dinosaur speicies could imporove game diversity.  All in all a really good game with infinite potential.
76561198124714891,Recommended,321360,15784145,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,RogueOutlander,Tis fun running around as a T-Rex though gets very repetitive sadly.Still recommend it!
,Recommended,321360,16785804,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Pizza Hawaii,"It's  such a nice game,idk why many people say it's rubbish. All the dinosaurus look very realistic,and I just love how primal carnage's T-Rex looks like Jurassic World's T-Rex (only the color is different) . Would play this 10/10"
76561198165996567,Recommended,321360,16853370,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,<>Blade Ninja<>,I've played for about 5 hours.The Frames per second arent to good.But its fun if you get used to it.So i say 8/10
,Recommended,321360,16882318,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mr. Raptor,This is my #1 favorite game ever! I played primal carnage on another pc and it was nothing compared to primal carnage extiction. This game is awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198210396368,Recommended,321360,17036773,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,TheSenatorPredator12,Pros-dinos-humans with guns-dinos-cool looking maps-dinos-good graphics-dinos-did i mention dinos?Cons-(some)humans are too op-tayrants like t rex and spino need a buff they die almost instatly(dont make it impossible to kill though)-humans camp alot way to much make them have to run out of cover to get things devs!
76561198097268981,Recommended,321360,16983999,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,luitenantkiller,Great game
,Recommended,321360,16767628,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,CCore,"Great game, 10/10. Loot drops regularly and the new ragdolls are so derpy xD."
,Recommended,321360,18094201,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,RandomGuy,"Is a good game, but can take quite a while to get decent skins (Not always, just sometimes). I rate it 8/10"
76561198055427525,Recommended,321360,18618909,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Strider078,"A fun action packed game that always makes you keep on your toes, whether from the raptors or big dinos, always watch your back"
,Recommended,321360,20278334,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pedquin,THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD!
,Recommended,321360,17420838,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,flamewolf2025,I like it but it is very very very very laggy.
,Recommended,321360,14680825,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Raptorguy64,This is the best dino game ever! The graphics are increddible! The controls are a bit harder then the one's from the old game but stil. You really have to try this game out!
,Recommended,321360,16667351,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,קȽɥɱקÿğ¤åț£ȑž,I LOVE DINOS
,Recommended,321360,15280381,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kaiju Lord,awsome game needs updates though and second charger maybe gorgosaurs
76561198041118453,Recommended,321360,16705881,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,The Silver Captain,"This game isn't for anyone. It seems quite unbalanced at first as the Dinosaurs are generally easier to use than the humans. It took me a while to learn the way the humans should be played, and once that was done; I ended up finding my human gameplay to be more powerful than the Dinosaur gameplay. The trick is; you must fire where your enemy is going to be instead of where it is. Once you master this philosophy in a practical use, you'll find that you can individually score nearly 30 kills per match as either team. Now it makes no different to me which team I'm put on."
,Recommended,321360,24268692,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Yoshikip,great game love it so much but i do run into problems using a controller i can use it to control the menu and settings in primal carnage extiction but in game as a dino or human it dosent work need help on this please :(
76561198087430106,Recommended,321360,13246926,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,2D OTAKU SENPIE (/^▽^)/,Dino's guns hat accessories for humans spikes skins for Dino's get to the choppa new maps more gamemodes then this game is for you
,Recommended,321360,20974401,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Azinthos,The best dinosaur deathmatch game youll get
76561198028087306,Not Recommended,321360,20318235,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,LeFrog,"If you find a server for NON-Roleplayer (there might still be some on yours) the chat is full of people asking for keys.Humans got nerfed so hard, you can call yourself lucky to not die within 2 seconds... since the Raptors got strong as f***!The only good point I could find: Rex won't one-hit you anymore.I suggest the original Primal Carnage if you want to have fun."
76561198216713481,Recommended,321360,20411622,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Bushzilla fishMLG,"One of the best Dinosaur games out there besides THE Isle, and turok."
,Recommended,321360,19279827,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,serv,Get this game for the physics and graphics. One of the best games to spend $20 on.
76561198202778268,Recommended,321360,28436108,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ALIENS.,"This game is great! It gives a fun, interesting, and time-consuming gameplay that makes you crave more of its amazing, Tyrannosaur-Chomping goodness!I love the fact that they offer multiple game modes, one for hardcore, competitive players, and one for casual. Exactly the way a game should be taken. I usually find myself playing Team Deathmatch, the more competitive game-mode, and I find myself encompassed within the games atmosphere, if I'm say, a Pteranodon flying and attempting to grab ahold of a pesky human, or if I'm a trapper, watching my back for any dinosaurs, and shooting a Novaraptor. The feeling of catching and killing something in this game just fills you with joy, and you get rewarded every once and a while with new skins, perks, and crates!Only negative I could think of are the bugs that this game has, but those are fixed quite often, so no biggie!Overall, this game is fantastic, and I highly recommend you buy this game!"
,Recommended,321360,14112662,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Maui but in Hawk,AWESOME GAME FOR ANYBODY YOU DON HAVE TO BE A DINOSAUR FAN!its pretty good balanced and just really fun
,Recommended,321360,19671426,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ThatArkenalGuy,"DINOSAURS.SO MANY AWESOME DINOSAURS.THIS GAME IS FRICKEN WICKED.IT IS SO GOOD I HAD TO USE CAPS LOCK FOR PUNCTUATION.THAT IS HOW GOOD IT IS.AWESOME GAME, AWESOME GRAPHICS, PURE AWESOMENESS.20/10. THATS HOW AWESOME IT IS."
76561198067597307,Recommended,321360,16647217,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Verminator,"I bought the first game game and saw some comments saying ""It is better than Primal Carnage : Extinction"". But actually i prefer this one, the multiplayer is way better than the first one in this one there is always matchs we can join. The game was better adapt graphicly i mean i don't have freeze like in Primal Carnage and there are more dinosaurs and i hope it wil increase."
76561198206559891,Recommended,321360,17031437,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,☆ Wolfeh ★,"This is the best game i have ever played, ever."
76561198038863311,Recommended,321360,16429752,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Parmesean,"Maybe it's because I got back into this game after the Acrocanthosaurus update (Got it on sale since I bought the original but I couldn't play it on my old computer because the graphics), but I jumped straight into a regular, non-roleplaying server and had a blast. What the game sets out to do, it does well."
76561198162473839,Recommended,321360,22112119,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,LankyGiraffe,"Having reached 300 hours of total game time today and owning it for over a year I decided now would be a good time to wright a review.Firstly, before you buy be aware that the game is currently leaving/recently left a dark tunnel it has been in for the past few months. What I mean by that is a for a while there were problems with the game such as low player counts and balancing issues. However, the devs are working hard (probably) and these problems are starting to go away (probably). So just be aware that there may be some bugs or balancing issues. So, now to the actual review.The DinosaursThe dinosaurs in this game are actually suprisingly well modeled and animated for a non-""AAA"" game. The controls are fairly easy but some dinosaurs need more skill than others. There are a few issues like tyrants being killed very quickly but other than that they are incredibly enjoyable.The HumansThe human team used to be underpowered, but now they have the choice between a lot more guns some quite powerful (i'm looking at you SPAZ) so the humans at times can seem a little bit OP. I myself am terrible at playing as a human but perhaps many of you are a lot better than I am.Market and cosmeticsOne of the things about the devs is their love for adding skins. This can be good or bad. It's good because you see a variety of different characters on the field but is bad because in the dark ages it seemed to be the priority. Recently, a workshop was added where players can add their own skins and the ones with the most votes get added into the game, meaning the devs can focus more on the actuall game.Game ProgressWhile the devs used to take a while with many update delays, like I said they're coming out of the dark tunnel now and we are getting updates each month. It's because of this consistency that the playerbase has grown quite a bit. Now, there is a slight problem with that, which is the one thing trying it's best to keep PC:E in that tunnel and I think it needs an entire section for it...FreeRoam servers over TDMIf you look at the server list if get the game, you may notice the ratio of FR to TDM servers is around 25:1, and the two TDM servers there are full. That is one of the main problems with the game and to boost it even more there was a recent update with a new Free Roam map (it's a cool map but 95% of servers are on it). To be honest though, it's not as bad as back in the dark ages. Roleplay dominated the Island of Primal Carnage, and there was an uncontrollable amount of dirty dinos around every corner. But like I said that was back in the dark ages and I quite sure that doesn't happen anymore (well, I haven't set foot on the MPCQ servers in a very long time so I can't be sure). You might hear while playing the game about Get to The Chopper (GTTC). This gamemode was fun but servers hosting it are practically non-existent now. But, a huge revamp of the gamemode is on it's way so you might see that in the near future.SummaryPros:Gameplay is fun and addictiveScenery is niceMore frequent updates nowBalancing is ok""Dark ages"" have almost endedNew content on the way including gamemodes and dinosaursCons:Way to many freeroam serversTyrants are killed quicklySome remanents of the dark ages are still hereSome members of the community are... well like most 11 year olds you see in gaming so it's really not that different to other games I suppose.Overall, I think if you have a passion for dinosaurs, teeth ,flamethrowers with chainsaws underneath, machinegun-grenade launchers, shooting things, eating things and patience for updates, this game is for you. After all, it's basically TF2 with f*cking dinosaurs! If however you have no patience, like to be as salty as you can in the chat and have a passion for dino romace... please leave me alone and don't touch me *cowers in corner huggging knees to chest*"
76561197966717844,Recommended,321360,16526103,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dr. Forrester,"So, Primal Carnage: Extinction. I have kept my eye on this game for a while now, and finally took the plunge at 50% off. The developers of this game have created an interesting mix of human and dino action. This game reminds me of another fun game called Depth (Which I highly recommend). If you are looking for a multiplayer game with a fresh idea, I highly recommend this! It does take some getting used to, but MP veterans should be able to adjust their playstyle quickly. The graphics and dino movements are fluid and look amazing. My only gripe would be with the human player models, compared to the dinosaurs they are a little too basic for my liking. That doesn't detract from the game, but a little more detail would be welcome. Anyway, I recommend this game."
76561198171455607,Recommended,321360,22361676,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ZekeTheKamikaze=VX9=,"I like this game.... Even love it. I can't stop playing...At any rate, this game does have some balance issues, but they're being worked on. The dev team is very responsive to the community, which is actually pretty nice. Some games don't have that, so it's.. nice. You can really tell they're working on things.Any way, I suggest it to all those who like dinos and fps games. Strongly."
,Recommended,321360,21679485,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Chimeless,"A game where you can play as dinos and kill people and vice versa. WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK FOR!? The whole premise of the game aside, it's just an overal enjoyable game to play with friends and to meet new people. But beware, there are a few bugs and the updates can be a bit...mediocre more or less. Why don't you try it out? If you can withstand dinohogging people, minor glitches and some servers not loading properly after each update..."
,Recommended,321360,20627641,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Vlad,"I like this game, alot in fact, but i have a couple of problems with it. Jumping as any dino is alot harder to control than it was in the original PC. Second is that I can't disable the screen distortion when getting tranq spammed. We really need to be able to disable that screen distortion when tranqed because some people(like me) suffer from motion sickness, and it gets really hard to play when you feel sick to your stomach. I would give this game a 6.8/10"
76561198188744902,Recommended,321360,21154303,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,kk slyder,"Primal Carnage Extinction is a good game, I spend a lot of time playing it and the game mechanics work really well, it's not too complicated. There are ups and downs, first, the game is full of Roleplay servers now. (I mean 3/4 is now roleplay no joke) I enjoy Roleplay, but it's hard to find even one TDM or DDM server with 20+ players on it. Also, the game makes you want to buy skins, it worked on me! But overall, this is a very good, fun game with lots of play time, several gamemodes and noverall enjoyable experience. If you're thinking about getting it, then buy it! : )"
76561198273437153,Recommended,321360,34944162,Posted: 14 September,all,MineAndShineYT,"Amazing game,still alot of bugs but that doesn't matter because the gameplay makes up for it."
76561198382076557,Recommended,321360,35061973,Posted: 19 September,all,の Raine,"PC:E is one of my favourite games out there. You can mostly find me on Free Roam servers with friends. Yes, I've seen a lot of people complain about admins on certain servers, but that literally happens in every game. No one is perfect. There's also nothing that can be done against all the kids playing Primal Carnage: Extinction, so just deal with it. Other than that, I recommend this game to anyone who loves dinosaurs and a little bit of action. Promise you won't be disappointed."
76561198079626207,Not Recommended,321360,22442921,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mr. Chips™,"The original game was a gem. This game, not so much.I have spent over 800 hours on this game, and it really pains me to see this franchise on its last legs. I honestly had high hopes for this game, but it has left me thoroughly dissappointed. The playerbase has shrunk dramatically, and there are hardly enough servers to play Team Deathmatch or Get to the Chopper. Game updates are far and few between, the community is very hostile, and gameplay and balance is much to be desired. And how is it that the animations and grahpics from the old game are better than this one? This game has become more of a ""skin collection"" game for me, which makes me really sad.I just have one suggestion for this game: Change the ""Extinction Upgrade"" to ""Extinction Downgrade"" Ugh."
,Recommended,321360,14062534,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Cube,Over all the game is cool.  its like one of the decent jurrasic park games everybody wanted since 1993  but was never really made...well some of them was but this is kinda better than most of those jurassic park games.Way better than the recent adventure game jurrasic park game.it is too bad this dont have the jurrasic park name on it really.But it is still not done yet do not expect it to work 100% right. 'is it better than the last primal carnage game....cant really say....it is more like primal carnage championship edition.  just like street fighter 2 and street fighter 2 championshiop esition.  the next game may in fact be the turbo version then super primal carnage.
76561198122962638,Recommended,321360,16251804,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Cader,this is my favortie game i highly recommed it and have fun!
76561198159404212,Recommended,321360,16952504,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Hitler of Asia,"Good game, 7/10 in my book. This game is what every dino lover wants, the ability to play as a high tech, good graphic dino. The only thing I wish they did better was the humans animations like running, over all just a bad appearance and the controls, controls are bad on keyboard. Use controller. I like it because you can roleplay as some of your favorite dinos, and simulate how they lived."
76561197970349645,Recommended,321360,16278037,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,$t@i|\|'d,This game is alot of fun with diverse classes to choose from! You can play this for hours and not get bored.
,Recommended,321360,16910108,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Christianfire18,i love this game. it is a class based dinosaur vs human multiplayer game. there are lots of game modes. it is so fun.
76561198110081132,Not Recommended,321360,28937296,Posted: 2 January,all,Is Bored,A terrible sequel to an awesome game.Buy the original not this
,Not Recommended,321360,22418517,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Danny DeVito,"EDIT: This review has been cut down from it's original length, while hopefully being just as descriptive. It is worth noting however that my verdict is the same. Literally nothing has changed after trying this game out again a while ago, so it's still a negative review.Primal Carnage: Extinction is a total waste of $19.99. I've been holding off on making a review of this game primarily because I share the opinions of most people who were veterans of the first game, and for the fact that I had made a review of the first game explaining a bit why the original game was much more worth the asking price, but I never went into true detail about just how bad this game has become, but the bottom line is this;Do. Not. Pay. For. This. Game.In it's current state, it is quite possibly one of the best game concepts I've ever seen turn sour so quickly. It's just bad, a total rehash of the first game with the slight difference of pushover developers with no real goals as developers who have essentially ONLY let fan input feed into updates and features. So let's dig in. Scroll to the very bottom if you don't want to listen to my little tirade.Issue #1 - Roleplay/Freeroam ServersRemember the bit about the developers being pushovers? Well this is a prime example. Despite the original intention of remaking the original deathmatch concept with better graphics and animations, you'd be lucky to find one TDM lobby in the current state. The only audience this game maintains is a cringey roleplay fandom that create servers with killing and damage disabled so they can pick dinosaurs and play pretend. This is actually enabled by the devs, who in response to this growing audience, actually implemented a ""Freeroam"" gamemode for the cringe kiddies. There is no real substance to this game if you're looking for the original game's concept of a Dino VS Human shooter. Of course, you wouldn't be blamed if you DID think this game was a shooter with a decent concept, considering that everything on the steam page for this game markets it as such. The description names five different game modes, but you'd be lucky if you found two servers that WEREN'T roleplay servers. I guess some could say that this rehash was intended to be a better version of the original, and just nothing has been changed or updated since they took a different direction, but that doesn't excuse the community given tags, the most popular five of which are ""Dinosaur"", ""Action"", ""Multiplayer"", ""Team-Based"", and ""Shooter"". Shame on you, community. Literally all the devs have to do is just change the steam page to market this gay roleplay trend and attract the customers they're paying attention to. I for one was attracted by the thought of a better Primal Carnage, and that's what I spent my twenty bucks on, not this garbage.Issue #2 - BalancingDinosaurs always win. Period. Mostly because everyone only makes an effort to really play the Dinosaur team. A team of primal reptile/birds from another era with razor sharp teeth and claws and enormous mouths being a bit over powered individually compared to humans is hardly unfair quite simply because by their very nature, they are, but all the same they should most definitely be monitored with special balancing mechanics to keep the game fair and maintain a 50/50 win rate on average, such as making sure humans out number dinosaurs by a certain ratio or something. The real problem comes from the stupid idea of implementing a feature for players to actually SWITCH teams as long as their team is at least equal in numbers with the other, the idea being that the switching player can only do so by leaving enough power on his team to fight for another, but it's not the least bit balanced. The issue is that it's downright abused by the kiddies who only know or even care how to play either the raptor or the tyrant. Sometimes I've noticed on human teams that many players don't spawn in, because they're waiting on the character select screen to join another team as soon as the players on both teams even out. This shouldn't be allowed to happen. Never has any big shooter title such as CoD allowed players to switch teams during a match like this because it completely shatters any hope of ""balance"", and yet also, no other shooter has ever given a motivation to switch teams, the motivation being that Dinosaur gameply is much more entertaining than the clunky FPS mechanics, for what it's worth, which still isn't that much. That's part of the curse of asymmetrical shooters, for if one team is more appealing and it's not balanced, it'll ♥♥♥♥ up your experience. Of course the teams try and auto balance themselves if there is a two player or larger difference between teams, but the player it picks to force switch to the other team is random. What's also funny is that players can switch teams when the teams are equal, but doing so leaves a two player difference and randomly picks someone to screw over, which often isn't the player who switched teams in the first place and who should bear the burden.Issue #3 - Garbage Steam MarketPC:E intregrates a new trading system similar to the systems in DOTA 2 and CS:GO. Basically, sometimes you randomly acquire a skin or more commonly a crate of some sort through a random ingame drop that you need a key to open. Some skins look cool, most don't, some skins are available as special events for holidays and whatnot, you'll almost certainly never get the rare skin you want, basic stuff. It's become really annoying that what most updates consist of at this point are just new skins, mostly for dinosaurs because, again, that's what people care to play, but what's REALLY stupid is that some skins can be sold to other players through the steam market for ABSURD amounts of cash. This is really a problem for most games that use the steam market, not just PC:E. No digital cosmetic item that holds no real world value should be allowed to sell for often times hundreds of dollars simply because it's given a ""rare"" label. It's also quite annoying how some players can trash others because they were dumb enough to buy a two hundred dollar skin and see themselves as superior, but that's a small issue that I don't see often, even though come to think of it, that's mostly because I swore off this garbage game. What's more is that the workshop feature allows players to upload their own created skins, which the devs then incorporate into the regular drops instead of allowing players to download skins at will. I'd much prefer a system where you just download skins you think look cool and use them at will in game, but whatever.Final Verdict- 2/10, Better graphics and smoother animations don't make up for the simple fact that this game is not what most players wanted in the first place. It's total garbage."
,Not Recommended,321360,22322501,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jabbawockeeツ,original is better.
,Recommended,321360,21620299,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,OhFrize,This game its SUPER AMAZING! If u love dinosaurs this is a game fo ryou :D
76561198272555911,Recommended,321360,21278193,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,^^Jurassicbob12345(CP)^^,this game is awesome
76561198151423144,Recommended,321360,22011850,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Dino Badger,The best dino game everright star wars battle front is new and everyone wants to buy it and thats because its famous but this brings online multiplayer battles to a whole new leveli love it any one should get it this is amazingI think this is a must have game for anyone looking for fun tdm games and way more online mutiplayer ways to play
,Recommended,321360,23208663,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,𝕷𝖚𝖈𝖎𝖋𝖊𝖗,"I really like this game.I recommend it to anyone who likes dinosaurs, player vs player content and roleplay.So glad I bought it!"
,Recommended,321360,13872807,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Gloss,While it's a very buggy unbalanced game at the moment (writing this during early access) I'm very pleased with how responsive the devs are and how dedicated the community is.
76561198192908378,Recommended,321360,22873244,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Trico,this game is the best dinosaur game I have ever played even though its 21.99 it's really fun
76561198061433385,Not Recommended,321360,29556268,Posted: 28 January,all,Scary Noise,"This game is a hot pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Did you want TF2 with dinosaurs except only roleplaying?No. No you didn't.That's why this game is so bad.Skins go for too much, everyone is toxic and you get banned for being reasonable.Do NOT buy this game.It's a waste, it's populated with 7 year olds who asked their parents for a 100 dollars to be an admin and got it....♥♥♥♥ you MPQC, your friends suck."
,Recommended,321360,18535975,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,|¢ĸ| Saint Jimmy-GT1TD0N3,this is a fun game. regardless of negitive reviews that might be posted here.no not every server is people Role Playing. but Hey..if thats your thing then go for it. who the hell am I to judge you?fun player vs player maps. Docks is my fav.you get skin drops from playing like tf2. my first drop was like a 4$ dino skin...so yea.its like the first one. YES this is true. but with better graphics and some diffrent guns/dinos added also. L4D2 is basicly L4D1 but with reskins..so stfu about them remaking the game.its fun. you get to get chased by dinos. you can scream at the screen in panic(lol).  and every match the teams are switched so you always get a turn to play both dinos and people.9/10
,Not Recommended,321360,29583765,Posted: 30 January,all,Waddy,Why does everyone plays on RP server?For ♥♥♥♥'s sake you are not a dinosaur
76561198055538990,Recommended,321360,14925480,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TRose00,"I love this game so much iv been waiting even for the 1st when i first got steam and seen it, waited tog et this for almost i think 1-2 years and now i got it :D and the newer.I'd recommend you played this but can make you rage sometimes or a lot."
,Recommended,321360,21469193,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Gojirex,"The community is filled with ♥♥♥♥ing idiot 12 year olds, toxic servers and rules, admin abuse, and 2-3 populated servers at a time.But that's just part of the charm, and I wouldn't want it any other way."
76561198205972981,Recommended,321360,25730559,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,HeckHound02,"This game is far from perfect, but I'm sure we've all heard that before.What this game offers is similar to the original Primal Carnage, yet there are many pros and cons.Now the original had fantastic gameplay. The controls were great (For those of you who use controllers), the community is alright except for the lack of skill in everyone pouncing as raptor for most of the time, the classes are well balanced while the fighting is fair, and the skins were neat, realistic, and as simple as can be.Primal Carnage Extinction? This game was supposed to be a 'better' version of the original. The game has come a long way from being absolutely terrible. It started out as just a game to buy fancy skins and show them off to people in Free Roam game-mode. But now the devs are at least making the playing-field fair. The gameplay is smooth for the most part; a little fast but hey it can't be perfect. The community has gotten better but it is still filled with cheap kids who just want to buy this game for the cool skins and walk around as a dinosaur. The classes though aren't really balanced imo. Sure they're the same from last time, but just tweak the humans in making them a lot stronger and a lot faster with not so great animations in some areas(humans). The dinos are also a bit op (raptor-wise), other than that I'd say the tyrants are completely useless. A human can walk around behind a 2500 hp spino and kill it in under a minute and the spino wouldn't  even be able to touch him from behind. The PCE Market is full of decent skins but some are for like $200. Like c'mon. $200 for a dang Acro skin? Imo I think this game is revolved more around how the dinos look and what you can do with them. Their skins are labeled with a rare status. The lowest being common, the highest being legendary. I personally like how the original did their skins. They had no rare label, they were just there and you wore whichever skin you liked the best. On this game people want nothing but the ""rare"" skins, and will act like they rule the world if you've got let's say an uncommon compared to their legendary. This isn't in all cases though. They've also added these new animations or ""taunts"", an animation where the dino/human does some sort of a victory taunt whenever they kill someone. It's sort of futile to me seeming, whenever you take the time to taunt someone, another dino or human will come along the next second and take advantage of your inability and kill you.So I think they should definitely improve the fairness when it comes to the classes and damage overall but this game is pretty fun. It isn't a game on skill, just a game on who can slash the human the quickest or who can explode the raptor the farthest. Pretty much anyone can be a pro in this game. I honestly think the original Primal Carnage is better in most areas where this game isn't but it's still pretty good. I personally have had some fun times in this game though, and it isn't bad. I feel like it will get better(hopefully), so if there were an option for an in-between recommendation for a review, that would be my pick. But there isn't so I'm going to have to go with a thumbs up and recommend you get it to try it for yourself."
76561198062297610,Recommended,321360,16481371,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Danielhero1998,"This is the best Jurassic Park game we never got (seriously, WTF Universal Studios -_-). This is a PVP multiplayer game, where one team play as human hunters, while the other team play as MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING DINOSAURS :D. It has fun as hell gameplay, great controlls, great selection of various dinosaur species (like Spinosaurus and Tyrannosaurus Rex).The only issues are that the balance between the two teams are sometimes awful (where the dinosaur team completly dominates the human team (which happens almost to me all the time when I am playing the game), and that the shotgun class in the human team is most times more effective then other classes (meaning that the other classes are mostly usless compered to the shotgun class) .If you want a great dinosaur game, buy this game (or the previous Primal Carnage game or Dino D-day which I have not played either of those two games yet, just don`t buy the TellTale Jurassic Park game over this. If you do, you are a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot -_-).I would give this game a 9.2/10 if there was a rating system for Steam reviews (Please give us a rating system for Steam reviews Valve)."
,Recommended,321360,24004630,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,☾~DragonWolf~☽,"Primal Carnage: Extinction (PC:E) is a better version of Primal Carnage here are some reasons i like it more:- they allow you to get skins by drops and raritys for the skins (common, uncommon, rare, and legendary)- you are able to move when you do your carno thrust- they allow you to choose diffrent class types (acro, spino, t-rex, cryo, dilo, nova, ovi, tupa, ptera, and carno)- when you pounce as an nova/ovi you need more stamina making it more challanging- when you use the nova roar (activating fast slashing mode) it still allows you to run- they allow a tail whip action for the T-Rex- you dont go♥♥♥♥♥fast when you sprint as a rex- allow 3 more gamemodes (Free Roam, Survival, and Role Play)PC:E is a game that is more better then Primal Carnage because of the list at the top, This ga,e is really worth the money i recomend it to anyone who would like or is intrested to buy the game i recomend that you push that button to add it to the cart and purchase it, If you ever get this game i hope you have fun playing it"
76561198155246847,Recommended,321360,16055815,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Josh,Love the Game! The graphics has improved and there are new dinosaurs but the only problem is there are only few players playing it and i'm not slightly enjoying it cause of the lag cause most of the players are from the US and i'm from SEA and I would love it more if there were many players playing it all around the world so that i can play in SEA's Servers and play it with no lag :)
,Recommended,321360,21916302,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ballbreaker,"Where do I even begin with this game?I've put more time into this game than any other game I own on steam, which suprised me when my incentive to make an account was to play TF2, yet I now have more than double the hours in Primal Carnage Extinction than I do in TF2. People probably think I'd be somewhat insane to put that much time into a game like this, but lemme say what I gotta say about it first.So here are a few of the things in this game that greatly appealed to meOne of the most interesting things about this game is that it is one of the few dinosaur games out there where you can play as a dinosaur against other humans. I only know of 2-3 other games that share this function, making it a standout in the genreThe graphics for this game are absolutel BEAUTIFUL. A lot of the maps and models have a very realistic feel to them, even if it is exaggurated to some extent.There are many very nice skins in this game. A number of which I've been collecting. Ranging from raptors with quills and feathers to tupas with larger crests.The skins are usually cheap. Now I'm guessing you're gonna see the market and complain about skins being up for $200 dollars and whine about it being expensive, but how many of the people who see those prices know how much certain skins in games like CSGO can go for? Tens of thousands of dollars in some cases...Theres many other positives for this game, and overall, I would reccomend it to anyone looking for a competitive or casual shooter, any dinosaur lover, anyone looking to invest in the economy, and anyone looking for a fun game."
76561198170637406,Recommended,321360,17738445,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Prehistoric Kill™,"Well, i like this game, i like the way you can play it, i like the updates, the only tough thing to do is to learn all of the controls."
76561198081902300,Not Recommended,321360,30230614,Posted: 27 February,all,ƁԼƲ ƓƛԼƛҲƳ,Please don't bother with this. Refer back to the Original Primal Carnage then this. This game has one of the worse communities i've seen by far. It's only worth it on sale: Nothing else.
76561198259293527,Recommended,321360,23350918,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,•Eccedentesiast•,"PC:E Is a fun game that allows tons of options for anybody from rping to dino deathmatch you can have your pick from whatever!I love to collect fun skins with funny descriptions and post fun screenshots from this game! I have loads of fun with this and many fun and funny people are here! I,Cool_Cookie,most definitely recommend this game."
76561198200474966,Recommended,321360,18691980,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,#TheGANGSTER_PIDGEON,its nice to know that there are good dino games out there
,Recommended,321360,16160195,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,YouTube-Slump,a good game
,Not Recommended,321360,28442541,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,slushiepower9,"No, I do not reccommend this game. This game is fun, for the first 10 minutes, then it gets boring, because all you do is kill humans, enter competitions! You don't get a chance to SURVIVE as a human nor dinosaur! I got this game and then asked for a refund; this game might be fun to watch others play, but when you buy it, it's too laggy, you can't control it; and more! You don't SURVIVE in this game! You just pick a dinosaur, be it, and try not to get killed, BY HUMANS! There is nothing fun about this game, unless you like being a dinosaur, but then 5 seconds later, you die; then sure! Feel free to get the game! Because you wasted 10 dollars! The dinosaurs aren't really even that good! The T-rex has a small snout, the dino is too TOO chubby also! The Carno's arms are way to small, and they're just too fat! The flyers have too much of a head, if they had a head like that, they wouldn't even be ABLE to lift off!I don't reccommend this game :("
,Recommended,321360,23234669,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,~OdahTheDragon~,"Honestly, I love PC:E. I never had the original Primal Carnage, but I do enjoy its little sequel. I got it last October in 2015, and have played it enough to want to recommend it to people. The community is alright, but it's not the absolute best. The Devs sometimes don't know what they're doing, I feel.. and often recorrect errors they make that upset the community. The game is updated regularly, which is cool. It brings in new features and skins, weapons and such.8.5/10, Would recommend.Please note I'm talking about the GAME, not the community. I've met some really nice people within the community."
,Not Recommended,321360,14487498,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,NivNox,"Extinction is garbage. Everything that is loved about its predecessor has been changed for the worse; the most obvious change is the games pace (think Primal Carnage on crack). Instead of creating another atmospheric shooter that presents itself as hunt and survive, the developers have created what feels like a cheap, extremely unbalanced, cartoony, serious sam-esque, shooter which gives no tension and needs absolutely no thought. To those who say, ""But, it's still in early access!""... SO? It is clear the direction which the developers are and will continue to take this game. Unfortunately that is opposite any game I, along with much of the Primal Carnage community, want to play. We will be sticking to Primal Carnage."
,Recommended,321360,13273295,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sly Darrin,"Game is Sweet, but the camera angles could yuse some improving. still 10/5"
,Recommended,321360,13279821,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,kazzh,how do you get the carno skin that somhow no one else has?
76561198058324515,Recommended,321360,14153445,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ken,"I love the game because they basically expanded the Primal Carnage universe but it is a early access game, and there is a downside in that and that is the EXTREME AMOUNT OF LAG. I love this game a lot already but the lag instantly kills it for me. Don't get me wrong I love the game but I'll probably play it less until the full game comes out and it stops lagging for me."
,Recommended,321360,14118627,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,TI-nspire CX,"This game is absolutely awesome, the only thing it's missing is more dinos/humans, and a single player story mode would be awesome."
76561198042444525,Not Recommended,321360,13228792,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Socrates,Yuck.
76561198272286499,Recommended,321360,23650263,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,★☭Z1LL4 JR☭★,i think this game is awesome!
,Recommended,321360,30201206,Posted: 26 February,all,RedLotos,Its good game for people who like dinosaurs and other things with that. :)
76561198196831627,Not Recommended,321360,16079236,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Nathan,"This used to be my favorite game a long time ago but when all the official servers were removed...people started making roleplay servers and started having ♥♥♥♥ing dinosaur sex...when this game was released it was so much fun,its a shame to see it take such a weird turn."
76561198047792009,Recommended,321360,13603495,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,NOOT NOOT,love the game
76561198043345050,Recommended,321360,17332651,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Big Mama,ah
76561198205964776,Recommended,321360,17610604,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Mikey_Plays_Games.,i cant get drops and can you please add store at the store page and can you put all the skins in the game store please??!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!
76561198065961640,Recommended,321360,19642408,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,VIO,There's never not a raptor.
,Recommended,321360,19350508,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,タイラー,"#1 game in my opion. but just 1 question, how do u trade skins?"
,Recommended,321360,19325806,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Seiyafox,Fun with friends and trolls alike. Just be careful of whom you play with.
,Recommended,321360,19777377,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Zapdos5000,Great game but somethings are glitchey like some times i jump 6 times i was ment to with the raptors and the other glitchs are bad but other than that EPIC GaME LOVE IT but i cant use crates because i have no keys D:
,Recommended,321360,20204176,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,senjox,i ate my friends :)
76561198273513562,Recommended,321360,20798045,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,♡Dark~Evie♡,I personaly love this game tho i wish there was better way togather skins without money besides resorting to idling. The game play is awsome and the models are great tho I feel tyrant battles could be worked on a bit in dino-deathmatch and spino needs some defence for attcaks from behind but overall my favorite game to playon steam!
76561198117232410,Recommended,321360,24644934,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,layne,"Although I've stopped playing this game, it was more just me not having time to play it than me not liking it. Though there isn't too much variation between game modes, being able to play as multiple different dinosaurs and humans definitely keeps the appeal. I mainly bought the game for the sake of playing as a dinosaur, which is pretty fun for a game that isn't very expensive. Of course, playing for hours to try and get rare skins does sometimes make it frustrating, but gives you motivation to keep playing. Also my ex hates this game, but he had awful taste in games, so that means that this is probably a pretty good game."
,Not Recommended,321360,19019260,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Firestorm,"As nice as the dinosours models are, the combat system is sub par. The Dinos are silly agile. Normally fine but the humans aim/shooting ability is less skill more chore and luck. Now you really do feel the fear in this game since you know you are on the short leash as the human and that is fun and the dinos can basicly do jump scares. But if you wanted less evolve (team work survival), try Dino D Day for the run and gun."
76561198247177698,Recommended,321360,20131412,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,badfatcat587yo,love it but it stopped letting me play for some reason
76561198150243918,Recommended,321360,20168407,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Apexsis,Good game! i reccomend getting it! be  bad♥♥♥♥♥dino and kick human♥♥♥♥
76561198140392030,Recommended,321360,20338415,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Upertsunami,I love it. It  has good graphics and modles!
76561198202926480,Recommended,321360,20700165,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,EJ,best dino game out there
,Recommended,321360,20855746,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,popcorn,"This game itself is so fun! I love running around and just derping as a Spinosaur, I love it so much! 10/10."
,Recommended,321360,18447305,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,-DI- Killer ♥⛧,"This game is okay, a bit laggy but at least it's active. Playing as dinosaurs is fun, but it loses its novelty after a while and can become repetitive."
76561198120330667,Recommended,321360,20553379,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,The Snalrug,"The reason I recommend this game is because there is something there for everyone. If you don't like the slow life of a T-Rex, enjoy the fast paced life of a Pteradon! Also, when you are a human in the game, you can trap dinosaurs, snipe them from afar, or fight them at a moderate or close range, burning and shooting your way through! There are also many gamemodes such as Get to the Chopper, (Capture the Points) Freeroam, and Team or Dino Deathmatch. The graphics are extremely good, and the animation is smooth. If the game was $60, I would still buy it! The only thing that in my opinion I don't like as much as the rest is how long it takes to get items. I mean, it certainly adds some challenge to your gameplay and makes it so that you want to play a lot and get all of the skins! That is why I recommend Primal Carnage: Extinction"
76561198258546212,Recommended,321360,20740088,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lady Zoey™,"A few things that would make the game so much better. However, this game rocks!"
76561198036732153,Recommended,321360,17253438,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Proxy,Exactly like the original but with more classes of dinos and more game modes and maps
,Recommended,321360,19274430,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Dunkleosteus,one of the best dinosaur games in history!
76561198257090641,Recommended,321360,19440585,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Eclipse,"At first when I begun this game, I thought you had to pay for the skins and stuff like that, but seeing that you can get skins for free by just playing the game is AWESOME. The community is pretty nice, unless you annoy them obviously. One of the smoothest dino games I have ever played. 10/10"
76561197970813146,Recommended,321360,20518238,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,TheDuckDude,This game is one of my favorite games. I although i think they could have given skins a better use
76561198055112674,Recommended,321360,20637711,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TRAVDISCORD,I've been really enjoying this game so far. The Dinosaur species are a lot of fun to change up. And as a human theres something to be said about mowing down a T-Rex. I suggest it for a fun multiplayer experience.
,Recommended,321360,19665502,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,kenandagtekin,awesome game yo!!!!!!! SWAG
76561198216214960,Recommended,321360,19466878,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,kiklynn,This game is really fun the textures are really good the models are great and its continually being updated. Also I would recommend this game to anybody who likes class based gameplay and obviously if you like killing dinosaurs and/or playing as dinosaurs.
76561198218116456,Recommended,321360,20051482,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Shep: The Gaymer [VgC],This game is insanely fun. It boggles my mind how I loose the time playing this game. The only issue is when you can't find a server with more then 5 people. True Carnage is on servers with 15 or more players. Win or loose this game is a pure joy!
,Recommended,321360,20141285,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mr. Ragersword,You can get ♥♥♥♥♥-slapped by a spino <3
76561198115689578,Recommended,321360,20194502,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Caesar,"Awesome game, Pretty good graphics. Its a good game to be a dinosaur in, you can roleplay, do team deathmatch, Get to the chopper, freeroam, and survival. Huge fan. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198262224157,Recommended,321360,20326868,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,nbush,"I love the disparity between human and dino classes, and if properly applied, both can be effectice fighting teams. However, I would recommend that humans should get a numerical advantage, as they seem to more often then not get their butts kicked. Otherwise, the game is awesome, and should be played for anyone into fast paced action."
76561198083235107,Recommended,321360,20533227,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,jeffjab21,This is a good game for dino fans probley the only game that has smooth dino controlsand this game gets daily updates so don't worry if theres a bug or glich above allthis is a good dino game
,Recommended,321360,18779243,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SharkByte,"""Fooooookin amazing m8""- Raptor/Raptor IGN"
,Recommended,321360,20562621,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Southern Gopnik,This game is one of my best games.Yea there are a lot of RP servers but who cares?
,Not Recommended,321360,19271895,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,KensonPlays,"This game still has so many bugs and lag issues that need to be fixed. I highly do NOT recommend getting this game. I would hope after having it for a year, and with 200+ hours, they would've done something by now. Game will likely be uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,321360,23625846,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Iffy the Bothan Booty,Over a year since I played this game and it still sucks♥♥♥♥♥This game is extinct.
,Recommended,321360,32608338,Posted: 20 June,all,DilophoYT,"Very fun and rather addictive human vs. dinosaurs game. Great to pass the time!The 2 most common gamemodes are Team Deathmatch, which is what the name of the mode says, you are assigned teams, you cannot pick human or dinosaur; and Free Roam, in which you can pick dinosaur or human and chill or battle.There are a few classes and styles in either Human or Dinosaur.The only bad things I have to say are: Sometimes my Novaraptor and Oviraptor's pounce is glitched.I wish the admins on the servers did not mess around as much, such as changing sizes, etc.Also the killing of passive, peaceful players in Free Roam is rather a problem.The community has quite a few annoying and mean players but you can find the occasional very friendly person. A lot of people won't mind chatting, and they often say 'Please'.Anyway to finish up, this is a pretty intense shooter and dinosaur game that I recommend because there are few glitches and it's fun! (The game can burn out on you easily though so don't play for too long to keep it fresh.)It is worth the price.Thanks for reading my review, and please rate! I keep my reviews updated.-Dilophohttps://www.youtube.com/c/DilophoYT"
,Not Recommended,321360,23212393,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,VelociKing,dead servers...
76561198067191987,Recommended,321360,15257745,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Creeperking31,i Love this game Can be glitchy at times But the dinosaurs Are awsome lol
76561198157435755,Recommended,321360,15525800,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Whale0fWarcraft,Captured by a group of six year olds and forced to walk the dinosaur.11/10 Would walk the dinosaur again
76561198196812627,Recommended,321360,35395964,Posted: 1 October,all,Tobby97,I really recommend this game for DINO lovers and CSGO lovers and I personally think it is a great game!
76561198347512271,Recommended,321360,34725512,Posted: 3 September,all,Faith12401,Love this game so much! Introduced by my sister and have been playing ever since. :P
,Not Recommended,321360,18019107,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Baby Awful,*cringe*
76561198211205367,Recommended,321360,19754880,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mk4DuBb,i like that they give you the crylo oviraptor and the ather petras and that you can be a spino when ever you want i dislike that it looks a bit weard then primal carnage but primal carnage extinction is more fun and that teres dino death macth thanks for doing that
76561198257926109,Recommended,321360,32743744,Posted: 24 June,all,Jamwithbread,"Awesome first person shooter with diverse but still balanced classes... Would reccomend to anyone who isnt afraid of jumping every time they turn around, and a little bit of gore!"
76561198397374252,Recommended,321360,32842493,Posted: 26 June,all,pdjurassic,ITS SO ADDICTING #GAMING BEAVER
76561198264699316,Recommended,321360,24363271,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,♛✞☆The MightyTyrant☆♛,"This game is one of the best games to ever egsist its addictive,fun,interesting,and has alot of skins and fun game modesi recommend this game to everyone who has a love for dinosaurs this game deffenetly gives its older  game ''primal carnage'' some justice,THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY."
76561198273773925,Recommended,321360,24219475,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,LovesickRook,"What can i say about this game? this game is spectacular in its own way. we've had games where dinosaurs and man killed each other for either survival or other purposes. i still see a few flaws with the game. those flaws are getting stuck on rocks and what not on the game, some of the way the maps were made, skill sets for most of the human classes, and the workshop. getting stuck on the scenery is a common thing for in this game and it bugs the hell out of me. i would get stuck on a simple rock and the enemy kills me. the map that this game has to offer are a BIG issue. some of the maps are too small and have too many hiding places for both small dinos and humans to hide in. i always like to choose something big like the Acro or Rex to play as and out of freakin' nowhere, abunch of humans jump out and gun me down and net my jaws. the human classes are another big issue because some of them just dominate the field too easily. trappers can trap a tyrants jaws (considering that a tyrants jaws are powerful enough, irl, to crush a car with absolutely no problem), scientists tranqs can cause damage even though they're not bullets. and the pathfinders tomahawk can be thrown so far, it would be considered ridiculous in my opinion. and finally the workshop is kinda bogus. i was looking through it because i wanted to see if it had skins for the dinos. it does, but they are only skins that can be earned in-game. what's the point of having a workshop if i can't get items that i want to use in the game (skins, weapons, etc.)? overall, the game is great, but i wish these problems can fixed/resolved."
76561198099074641,Recommended,321360,33074257,Posted: 1 July,all,rickstar,this is AWESOME
76561198189176186,Not Recommended,321360,28527733,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Bot Chad,"Doesn't give what it promises. Agreed you get dinosaurs, you get humans but 99 percent of the time you have two 11 year olds on a rp server raising some imaginary babies, I'm not going into too much detail but you can imagine. Although this is mostly a rant this game has huge potential but I don't see much going on. If you have a weak pc- don't even try purchasing it. You will have horrible graphics and laggy gameplay. Those pictures are mostlikely achieved on full time gaming computers. There are however, patches of Sunlght when the community isn't toxic and actually play the game.  Oh yeah, dinos are op btw.  I can't say this game will be a masterpiece but it certainly has the idea and potential. In it's current state though, Im afraid I can't reccomen this. Well if you have some left over money, sure get this game, It's more of like a rping game right now :/"
76561198192491341,Recommended,321360,23125986,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,♡☆Sassycatt☮☆◆,you should play it its a fun multiplayer game old primal was ok i guess but this one went into a better side and theres so many skins to choose from :3
76561198203728511,Recommended,321360,19625177,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Nargacuka,is a awesome dino game
,Recommended,321360,17112093,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Einheitlich Germanischen Reich,A really good step up from the original! I loved it!
76561198205404781,Recommended,321360,17149236,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Peachie,its kind of good the gameplay is awsome but when it comes to skins. the feathred nova skins good ones like falcon and bearded go for 500 and only like 1% of getting them as drop so yeh
76561198233269364,Recommended,321360,17676287,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,killerkingofgod,"this game was so freakin awesome i had so much fun it puts out awesome gameplay and graphics had almost no lag completely, luv bein human the fear as a dino sneaks past when your hidin in some bush's its got to be my favourite games,all n all it was wayyyy better then expected and i defenitly recommend it especially to dinosaur fans."
76561198041870897,Recommended,321360,18065506,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Grave'y,Yes this game is a pain with its price yes this game will money leech...but personaly i had alot of fun with this game when i got past its mony stealing Sceems XD.its very fun for players who like to goof around or just be a Good old raptor hunting humens :) very Reccomended for Dinosaure fans
,Recommended,321360,19257763,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,You're Very Own Pocket Medic,Great game I don't know why the reviews are so negitive. I can finaly play survival in the car when im boardWhat I would like to see1. Solo achivement compatability2. More survival maps3. More human classes (if you can)4. More weapon customizationOnce again thank you for making this game!
76561198205927071,Recommended,321360,17561376,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Saltyus,This is probably my fav game on steam and I own Ark survival Evolved!
76561198155381880,Recommended,321360,18085225,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,BananaJesus,10/10 one of my most favourie games on steam ;)
76561198219796341,Recommended,321360,19740329,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Amoeba_lord,"Ok, since  I feel like my last review was not enough, im going to cover the good, bad, and ugly of this gameGraphics: Good: are genrally nice, and skins are fairly good (some are horrendous, keep that in mind) The maps are genrally free of graphical errors, other than basic testing of course.Graphics: Bad: Things can be a little ""floaty"" at times, and the weapons do not look right. The flame at the end of the pyro's flamesaw is EXTREMELY annoying and needs fixing.Graphics: Ugly: This touches on the AOEs a bit. The netgun can mis by miles and still ""hit"". The raptors can pounce over humans, yet still hit them. Tyrants will bite and somehow eat humans five feet away. The acro can not even bite the humans properly, and must be a few feet away.Overall score: 8/10Audio: Good: The audio genrally triggers on cue, and is quite good overall. You need to hear it in person to really tell, and I have only had one problem with it.Audio: Bad/Ugly: The only problem I have found is that when either a chainsawing pyro or a netted dino is killed, the sound will loop for a really, really long time.Overall score: 9.5/10NPCs: Good: The dinosaur NPCs are fairly well made, and do not have those corners where they cant go. While still being balanced, they also pose a fair challengeNPCs: Bad: I have seen a bug many times where an NPC will go back the way it came, causing the round to be unwinnable and infinite until it comes backNPCs: Ugly: Too few NPCs. There is only really dilo, novaraptor, oviraptor, alpha raptor, huntraptor, and boss acro. There are not enough NPCs for the solo mode to be that fun, and this drags it down a lot.Overall score: 6/10Admins: Good: There are a few decent admins who kick the right people, not not many.Admins:Bad: Most, as in 99% of the admins (espescially on freeroam servers) and kick people for no reason. I saw one kick someone for ""writing in caps"". He did not wright in caps and in fact the admin wrote in all caps.Admins:Ugly: Pretty much the same as I said before, there abusiveness is getting out of hand, and fast, some become admin just to use admin commands. It needs to be stopped.Overall score: 2/10 (Yes I know this does not have anything to do with the game iself, just thought I might point it out)Community: Good:Most of the community consists of the nicest people, that will willingly help a new player outCommunity:Bad: Thought there all very few, there are the occasional turd going ""Noob I will rek you all and win im the pro"" and when they die ""HACKER IM TELLING!"", it is rare and thay never stay on for long.Community:Ugly: This brings me back to the abusive admins...Overall score: 9/10Other:Good: Runs on almost any computer. Genrally quite good gameplay.  Controls are easy to learn. Skin crafting is pretty goodOther:Bad: Acro AOE, really needs fixing. Tyrants can grab you by sticking there head through the wall.Other:ugly: If you made it this far, good job! you get to hear the worst part of this game. The balancing. Dinos are much more powerful than humans in team deathmatch, and so many people are dino-hogs, triggering autobalance, and ruining the game for everyone.Overall game score: 7.5, good overall, but a few issues here and there that despreatly need fixingLast Note: If i missed anything, please leave in the coments!"
,Recommended,321360,17080110,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,musical jammer,"I love it, the gameplay is great, the dinosaurs are great, all the classes are great, But Theres ONE major problem to me.This game LAGS like NOBODY has ever seen! The lag needs to be reduced, otherwise its WAAAY to laggy to play."
76561198112703662,Recommended,321360,17118357,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ThomasSpookEngine,"fun game well balanced teams (some times), awesome skins, nice people, fun and just plan action in your bones"
76561198058786887,Recommended,321360,17156528,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Raptorvizzionz,Awesome game! The mechanics are great the looks of the dinosaurs and humans are awesome! I would recomend getting this game if you havent already!
76561198170492870,Recommended,321360,19833599,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,PhantomRaptor,this is a great game honestly i hope they add things new like dinosaur like the ALLOSAURUS i would really enjoy this more and more intensity i guess thats the word XD but this game thoughim serious this game is beast right now it needs a lot more maps but you may think this is stupid and kinda insane but what if there was custom maps? I would rate this game 5/5
,Recommended,321360,20684544,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Fsxlover2,love it!!!!!
76561198228822880,Recommended,321360,18937726,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,LadyJewelDragon,"I love this game! I'm a big dinosaur fan and this game makes me happy to see some dinos, and I also love the Roleplaying servers when I can act like a real one. And some of the skins just make me feel fabulous! :3"
76561198086150918,Recommended,321360,24275357,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NovA,"very good game, love Dinos, love this game"
76561198261442940,Recommended,321360,24282003,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,super godzilla,this game makes the collest skins ever of all the dino
,Recommended,321360,16955530,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Colonel Cocke,"Primal carnage extinction is a great sequal to primal carnage pushing high expectations for the new game primal carnage genesis although this game has many great qualities.It does have quite a few issues that lukewarm media need to adress such as the autobalance. The autobalance in this game needs to be better or the team system goes back to the way it used to be because you have people that just sit at the team screen spamming dinosaur and never playing humans this caues fair players who actually play humans to rarely be able to play dinosaur because the human team has little to no players.There are some bugs in this game especially with the pouncing. There have been instances where i have pounced on a human and its all going well but somehow the game says he shot me and that im dead. Another one is when you pounce on a traper there is a chance that you will get netted and the pounce will fail or you'll continue the pounce but once finished you will be stuck there netted.If you can fix these faults you will have a good game but to make it great Lukewarm media will have to make a system in the game like leveling or something because the amount of players playing the game rises high at the release but after that it quickly drops soon losing all players.With these faults the game is buggy but you will get occasional games that are very fun and because of these games i do recommend this game, especially to the people that are only in it for the dinosaurs, the dinosaurs are amazing!"
76561198167995084,Recommended,321360,16670468,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BEHEMOTH_99,the best game ever
76561198257735799,Recommended,321360,22152319,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,GojiGuy,i just really love this game. it is so fun and there are so many skins to collect! i really recommend this game to every dinosaur and jurassic park fan! :D
,Recommended,321360,16513909,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RicardoNolazcoC,"Even though I think it should've been a free update for the owners of the previous game, I widely recommend this game (far superior graphics wise and with a better performance overall, without counting new dinosaurs and maps)."
76561198124893904,Recommended,321360,16542522,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Don Juan,"This game is really fun, some may complain about all of the free roam servers but I have only seen 2 and those usually turn into team deathmatch within five minutes so basically there is almost no free roam servers, and with all the new updates and a loot system like tf2 the game is a great game for a little while though it can get a little boring but it is fun. But balancing needs to happen a little more, such as the pteradons need balancing alot, the stamina makes it so when the fly you can't hit them and with expirienced players doing this the game can get a little unfair. Other than that the balancing is fine."
76561198118919319,Recommended,321360,13250208,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Kaiser Lawrence II.,The game is way better then PrimalCarnage.The graphs are awesome!!! dinosaur movement is improved.But tree's and bulding's are blue and white to me pls help :/
76561198060239421,Recommended,321360,16980767,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Vanilla Puphs,I dont get were the negative reviews are coming from. I have thourougly enjoyed this game.
76561198125904188,Recommended,321360,17037790,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Twiggy,"Pros:Runs smoothlyFast downloadgreat animationFun at times.Cons:Unfair balancingFreaking pisses you off at timesten year olds trash talkingPeople campThe cost.Fix the balance of the teams, Humans need more power and advantage. Fix the lunge attacks. FIx the carno,needs more damage for the headbutt and more in the bite.Its not so fun when the humans build a fort and camp the dinos. Enforce them to swap teams,Its not fun either when there are dino hogs.This game is too expensive for something like this. Lower it to ten then it will be worth it.Overall if you are good at the first game youll be fine in extinction."
,Recommended,321360,15657228,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Biggie,"This game has what I love.Being a dinosaur and shooting dinosaurs with amazing gameplay and maps.Also, the free-roam and role-play mode, amazingly fun to just walk around as a Dinosaur and have spots of RP and also meet new people.I like it a lot. c: 9/10 (It looses 1 because they need to bring out Spiny skins!) But a fair vote would be 10/10."
76561198095654197,Recommended,321360,17034122,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,AssualtRaptor96,The Best dinosaur game I've played in years
76561198076707464,Recommended,321360,15767624,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Koalaballa,"The larger dinos feel a bit clunky and heavy but what do you expect from an animal that was 45 feet long and weighed 5 tons? However, there are some balance issues that need to be addressed.Still, an amazingly fun and satisfying game. Eating someone as a trex feelsgood.jpeg"
76561198012544370,Recommended,321360,15794672,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ainz Ooal Gown,"It's the best dinosaur related game i've ever played, but it would be great if there could be kill cams in dino vs dino, also that the dinosaur had to killl the plat eaters before the can use it to heal, as well as more dinamic maps to play on like doors shuting and electric generator being destroyed, and more playable dinosaur species as well as more humans! but still best dino game ever!!"
76561198311064918,Recommended,321360,31193808,Posted: 17 April,all,"The Dragon King, Drako.","My first preview.Not much to say other then it's amazing. diffrent human/dinosaur classes, diffrent maps, and diffrent ways you can play. if your new in steam then maybe try this one out first."
,Recommended,321360,20440417,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lenny McCringinton,it is a very fun game and i would recomend for anyone who like dinosaurs
76561198376956184,Recommended,321360,31472561,Posted: 30 April,all,Mrs. Waffles,"I enjoy this game a bunch, but a few suggestions is for keys not to be so hard to earn, and maybe a daily reward?But there is this problem, I can't enter the game. I click on the icon and it says ""preparing to launch Primal Carnage: Extinction,"" but it isn't working. Even when I wait for an hour, but everything else is amazing and keep up the good work. :3"
76561198055342415,Recommended,321360,15748466,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,dergenn,"This game is pretty good, although I don't see why exactly they had to make an entire new game out of the original one.PC:E has really nice skins, a good community, and nice mechanics all togethre. The controls are good and smooth, and the visuals are also good. There are some pretty annoying bits though. There is a glitch with carno where it just freezes, typically if you use the RMB attack. Sometime the game just crashes on you, but these can be fixed.I'd give it an 8.5/10, and higher if it weren't for those bugs."
76561198259710229,Recommended,321360,20408392,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Topaz,It's a great game!! except you really need to do alot of things to remove the lag.Try to fix that in your next update please.
76561198214995967,Recommended,321360,20427960,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,BluCoffee,"I found the game was really fun, Dinosaurs do win a lot more often (because there are nomrally more members on that team.)  Having the pants scared off of you when you see a Tyrant running up to you is really awesome (and scary.)My only real complaints are that I wish people with the first game could play with the second game.Other then that aside, I highly reccomend the game."
,Recommended,321360,31049406,Posted: 9 April,all,Zulkonit (BIKKIE EATER),"Sadly my computer can not handle this game. It meets allthe minimum requirements but the issues from being on a 32 bit system are preventing the game from launching. so i would play the game if my computer was 64 bit, but even though its not I will continue to play, fix the launch problem, launch again, if problem I will try to fix it if there is no problem then I will play."
76561198040135536,Recommended,321360,15412490,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,calebsfullreturn,"its good for a dino game, play when u wanna change it up, still some bugs to work out but its playable. :)"
,Recommended,321360,17855849,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,AAP-$t@tiC,I just love this game the same with Agar.io and ORION:Prelude. If you see it Buy it. Its amazing!
76561198202134994,Recommended,321360,22667573,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,magnum dong™,"I very much enjoy this game! I personally love dinosaurs, and this game totally fits the bill!The graphics are amazing along with the music/sounds.If you love dinosaurs, then you'll love PCE."
76561198208941456,Recommended,321360,29275892,Posted: 15 January,all,ColdBlood,This is a very very fun game You get to roleplay if you want to roleplay you collect skins and you can play team deathmatch and more i Say get this game now and join the fun!
76561198254533402,Recommended,321360,24319330,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,iDoge,"Primal Carnage is a great game. What makes this First Person Shooter different is that there are dinosaurs that you can also play as. You have a wide range of selection for what you want to do: Team Death Match, Dino Death Match, Free Roam, and even Role Play. The dinosaur models are very beautiful and I like the fact that you can customize your dinosaurs and humans. The maps can have very different environments and geography and vary in size. All though the game can be glitchy at times, the looks and style of this game makes up for it. Also the Primal Carnage community is very friendly and glad to help others that are new to the game."
,Recommended,321360,13798748,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,CrspyToast,yes just yes
76561198072738032,Not Recommended,321360,33204884,Posted: 3 July,all,jjfajen,"I don't know what exactly it is but the controls in this game feel off. It's missing the feeling of weight, momentum, and precision that the first Primal Carnage had. Some people might enjoy this game but for me I just can't deal with the controls"
76561198064343212,Recommended,321360,19839493,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Lizard Mama,"I really love this game, and it just keeps improving honestly!The graphics are good, the sound, the movements.It's worth the money!"
,Recommended,321360,13276381,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,John,Primal Scamage: Wallet Extinction
,Recommended,321360,21186717,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,BadHabit,"Best game ever! >.< 10 / 10 =D* Good Graphics* LOTS of skins* Fun gameplay* U can be a DOG!* U can be a friendly dinosaur* There are RP Servers! =DWhat i didn't like of da game* The prizes of Steel Leopard, Falcon etc. they are too expensive. I can sell a Steel Leopard in 20.000,00 -      : /* Humans are too weak =P"
,Recommended,321360,21418063,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Stargate,"Got it 60% off on sale, was well worth the money.Whether you want to kill people as a raptor, or fear for you life running from the king of the jungle..this is your game :)."
76561198290454515,Recommended,321360,22506174,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,DemonicWolf300,one of the best deathmatch games that i have ever played and it has dinosaurs FREAKING DINOSAURS. i love how you can just pounce on a human and just rip him or her a new face. i just wish that you didnt have to buy keys to unlock the crates
,Recommended,321360,17921851,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ThePirateCop | trade.tf,Awesome and fun game . Really addictive . Worth the Money <3
,Not Recommended,321360,19769178,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Duck,Too many roleplaying servers. ):
,Recommended,321360,20671682,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Quinton,"This is one of the best dino v human games I've ever seen, it is beautiful, sounds great, the different dinosaurs and their respective classes are great. The battles are mainly balanced, an all round great community, friendly devs, I love this game, definetly worth the money."
,Recommended,321360,31766644,Posted: 15 May,all,♱ Feng Min ♱,"I really recommend this game to anyone who loves PvP and Dinosaurs. I love it, perfect game!~ <3"
,Recommended,321360,16509459,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DolphinFodder,"So you take the first game, which was great, and make it better with bug fixes, skins, new maps and new playable dinosaurs."
76561198187841807,Recommended,321360,21634974,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,LordVaderKillz,"Dinosaurs Vs. Humans, Now who doesn't want a game like that?? The gameplay is fun and addicting!(Note: You may need a ""somewhat"" bulky computer in order to run the game at max everything, but still runs fairly well on ""low-end"" PCs)"
,Recommended,321360,13255279,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,The Batman,AWESOME AWESOME needs some fixes in balancing how everyone can be tyrannt class and how its random wether or not you get to be human or dino.
,Not Recommended,321360,25024257,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jetix,If you want to play Primal Carnage and not just roleplay then play vanilla instead.
76561197993610726,Recommended,321360,15229782,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,♔DØCTOR FEELGOOD,I don't know what it is exactly but I am not fond of how this game feels or plays..I haven't had much love kdr wise in this game but in the first game I always cleaned up kill wise pretty well! I have been playing Dino D-day lately which is a lot of fun and reminds me of the first Primal game. If I had to pick between the first Primal and this one I'd def go with the first game! Just is missing that IT factor for meOVERALL 6.5/10 - theres worse games out there
,Recommended,321360,13900035,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,"Auron ""Castor""","FOREWARNING: If you aren't ludicrously good at tactical shooters or shooters, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. You'll only be able to play dinosaurs. I put in a good amount of time into Primal Carnage and a bit into extiction. Currently I'd suggest you get the original, but this might change.Assuming you get the basic concept, here are pros and cons as of early access of this game to extinction:+More dinos+More content in the form of maps+Very basic market economy+Humans buffed in damage and speed, making them much more potent-Melee removed from humans except for Pyro's chainsaw-Pyro buffed in the wrong places leading players to misuse him (He's actually back-line supression and used for chucking super-high damage fire nades)-TREX AND SPINOSAURUS DRAMATICALLY BUFFED (This is a huge issue and the only big con in this entire review. Trex and spino need to be strong to serve their role, but they've been buffed to an impossible level. A competent human can 1v1 a bad trex/spino, but a competent Trex/spino can slaughter waves of humans without ever dying. That's not how a high risk, high reward class works, and it's not even how a low risk, high reward class works, because 'low risk' is actually 'no risk'.)-TREX AND SPINOSAURUS ARE AUTOMATICALLY LIMITED TO 2 INSTEAD OF BASED ON ENEMY TEAM (This is a step backwards and I have no idea why they did this. It should be at most 1 per 6 humans, but instead you can see 2 trex/spinos versus 6 humans frequently, or even when dinos outnumber humans. This wouldn't be as much of an issue, but they buffed both so hard compared to the original.)-Some things have no sounds, seen most often with other human players. Bug?In summary, basic early access balancing needs to be done, and a few bugfixes. More content needs to be added. The finished product should be worth it, and I still recommend it to new players. Just know that you're getting into an asymmetric team based game that isn't as well polished as would be nice.If you want a DM game similar to this that is well balanced and polished, check out Natural Selection 2. The interesting 'team' is actually harder to play with higher reward.My final note is that I hope the devs don't focus on the market profits over the game's quality. No one will buy skins if the game isn't good enough, or if they do, they wont use market to do it, but instead 3rd party traders.Best of luck to the game."
76561198124627303,Recommended,321360,15893225,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,FAYTA,"Is a very fun game that takes a while to get good at, at least for me. Original and fun to play. Servers are a little confusing."
,Recommended,321360,28197410,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,-|Sparky|-,"Very fun multiplayer. Great music. I love the variety of classes, gamemodes, and weapons. The dinosaurs look and control awesome and humans have to strategize to outplay them. Kind of like natural selection except less complicated and more fun IMO."
76561198209086512,Recommended,321360,16232413,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,cjmactagg the  dilo,DEVS!!!!! we can't play together i can't be compy and y can i not get in any server!!!!!
,Not Recommended,321360,28195711,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Yeeroy Jenkins,"Don't know what to say about this game. Its more of a less competitive, dinosaur version of TF2, Except one team is much too overpowered. Its more of a RP and Skin collecting experience.. Dont hate the game, Infact i really like it.. Just wish it could be better."
76561198263325308,Recommended,321360,35074601,Posted: 19 September,all,Dinofreak,"Primal Carnage: Extinction seems to slowly improve overtime and can be a lot fun when playing with or against friends. However, the game suffers from constant bugs and glitches after updates, as well as delayed mechanics and some balance issues. So strap yourselves in for the review ride and HOLD ON TO YOUR BUTTS!Visuals: Primal Carnage: Extinction's visuals are sharp, clean and looks astonishing for an indie title. The game also features many great looking skins that does its very best to enhance the visual experience.Gameplay: The gameplay of Primal Carnage: Extinction is solid and constantly improving. There are several game modes to choose from such as Team Deathmatch, and Get To The Chopper. Unfortunatly, most of the game's servers are either Free Roam (Team Deathmatch with no time and score) or roleplaying servers that end up defeating the purpose of an online multiplayer battle experience. The game's single player offering is a joke, as there is only Free Roam and Survival. Survival/Horde mode so far only has three maps, and in my opinion is more enjoyable when playing with a group of people instead. Other personal complaints I have are the game's delayed mechanics compaired to the original game such as not being able to control your jumps as a dinosaur and slower crosshair speeds as human. A major complaint in my opinion is the game's balance due serveral classes such as the pathfinder and carnotaurs being very op. The humans could use some improvement on their animations as they feel robotic and lifeless. The new progression and challange system is a great way to get skins but unfortunately is bare bones in its current state. Gameplay can still be fun and enjoyable but Extinction is a bit of a disapointment for those looking for a competittve multiplayer experience.Community: The community of Primal Carnage: Extinction is in my opinion pretty toxic due to  these types of players: imature gamers , roleplayers (sigh), votekickers (the worst) and admin power abusers. Also the poor devs at Circle 5 are constantly being harassed by frustraited players after each update, and being told to make new dinosaurs. Most of the Free Roam servers are populated by roleplayer types while Team Deathmatch and Get To The Chopper are hardly populated.The worst kind of players from my experience are the votekickers who abuse the votekick system for their own selfish needs. Votekicking should only be ment to kick players who ignore rules on servers and show disrespect towards fellow players, but any votekick should always be a last resort. But, sometimes there is always that winy stupid person that votekicks players who had done nothing to deserve being kicked are kicked from servers. This had happened to me twice already, one was me not knowing the rules that I cant play as a tyrant and ended up being kicked without warning instead of giving me a chance to change class, and I was automaticly kicked on my second time because there were two friends who were hogging the server. To be honest, just avoid these people in general because they will waste your time and ruin your fun. So how do I have fun then? Simple, I would recommend playing with friends or with people you are farmiliar on a server that is always friendly and welcome as the Primal Carnage community should be.Primal Carnage: Extinction is still in development and I have faith that the small team of developers will do their best to make Extinction the game that it was ment to be. In conclusion, Primal Carnage: Extinction isn't perfect just as any game isn't. So hey, if your a dinosaur lover like me then this game is for you. I give this game a 7/10.Pros: Game looks great, Lots of wonderful skins, Game is improveing, Is still fun and enjoyable.Cons: Balance issues, Delayed mechanics, Too many Freeroam servers."
,Recommended,321360,20457914,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,[CBH Trains] Grimlockbananas,This the best dinosaur game I have ever played.
76561198115431001,Recommended,321360,14606260,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Arkade,if you like fps and dinosaurs i recommend this game
,Recommended,321360,21061741,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Floopy!,This Game is awesome!It has allot of diversity and alot of dinosaurs who cares about humans rly?And Im srsly enjoying this game when i founded it i boughted and All my friends bought right next to me after seeing vids of it!:P
,Recommended,321360,17544512,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,NWA Daddy Chocolate,"This game is really fun, i've lost myself playing this game so many times i can't even count. But the only thing i have to say is.  There are no sniping spots, none, zero, zip, zilch, nada. You can't have a sniper if you dont have sniping spots"
76561198326002369,Not Recommended,321360,33149340,Posted: 2 July,all,King Ragnar,dont buy this game.♥♥♥♥♥♥is written all over it. nothing is balanced. almost any human class can one shot raptors. and out run trex. they give little no hjealth for the dinos and give the humans cranked damge. needs balanced before i can even think about playing thisd game again
76561198052678573,Not Recommended,321360,28955974,Posted: 2 January,all,Gamster,This game is just worst copy of the normal Primal Carnage with better graphic.
76561198060091679,Not Recommended,321360,16564683,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Doctor Weird,Exact same as the first game but with better graphics.
76561198287958641,Recommended,321360,22365066,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BuffaloSabresquarepants,Awesome game!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It's epic! The only problem is that most of the time in one game there can ony be one big dinosaur.  Overall a really cool game.  I highly recommend it.  One of the most fun games of steam.
,Recommended,321360,13244259,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,clonejoe,"Improves upon all of my gripes from the original. Gameplay feels a ton better this time around and for the Asking price of only $3 for a vastly superior version of the game I have no complaints. If you own the first one and wish it was more refined then take advantage of the early access price. I did have one fatal error crash already, but it was hilarious anyways so I'm not gonna hate on it."
76561198078529361,Not Recommended,321360,28640316,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Drabon,No.
76561198063503779,Recommended,321360,16727178,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,☣ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,The Game is pretty decent. Only thing that bothers me is that i can't write the ! ingame. it always opens the console. can someone help?
76561198085307045,Recommended,321360,16829584,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ethancrowley21,"Great game, but try the first primal carnage I thought it was easier. But that is probably just me."
,Not Recommended,321360,28046911,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[Deathstalker],The game is DEAD..
76561198166465998,Recommended,321360,15301468,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,RoboTrannic,"very few people know how great pce is its much better than the orignal game its improved on everything from the lat game,sure its a bit clunky here or there but just wait for content update 1 it will add even more stuff"
76561198284584027,Recommended,321360,22599409,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Themadpredator,-Good game-Really fun when you play with friends-Good graphics
,Recommended,321360,22510813,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Dirty Shisno,Here is how I first started this game:-looks for server-finds out the there are about 10 gazillion roleplay/free roam servers-decides to join roleplay/free roam server-joins dinos-picks Novaraptor-plays around for a bit-get bored-joins an actual game-picks human-get eaten immediately-picks trapper-nets T-rex-T-rex steps on me-respawns-gets eaten-respawns-get rammed10/10 would be killed again
76561198089742523,Recommended,321360,14754680,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Samerox,"Primal Carnage: Extinction is a great game. It captures everything that we want in a dinosaur game. If you like call of duty and dinosaurs you would love this game. You can either play as dinosaurs or humans. Each team has their own unique classes. You can also customize skins and loadouts to make your guy look awesome. It is an amazing game with many unique maps, customization options, and a great community. And oh man, I love eating people as a t-rex. XD."
76561198068736106,Recommended,321360,14950573,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ClaudeWings,"Great game :) I totally recommend this game to anyone who has a love for dinosaurs. There are many modes to choose from such as, FreeRoam, Dino vs Dino, Team Deathmatch, Role Play, (GTTC) Get to the Chopper, and many more. It's a large vas world with many maps and wonder graphics. Mechanics are great but could use a little improving, but i assume once released to full version this will all be fixed. The game also features a Loot system which allows players to attain items in the game to customize there appearance.  Over all i give this game a 9/10 and i hope to see more from this later on. :)"
76561198023980765,Recommended,321360,15242636,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,John,"U like Dinosaurs? u Like pvp first person shooter games with objectives and deathmatches? runs on the unreal engine so you know its stable! early release of the 2nd gen game had les do framrate issues for nubs that cant fix their settings.. also has roleplay for errrr umm those ppl .__. riiiight. i rate 8/10... the original was alot of fun and the 2nd gen is jus as if not more fun with the mechanics and other issues being ironed out daily... id say worth a look if it fits the type of genre of game u like... jus waiting for australian servers now but us east is ok tho,"
,Recommended,321360,16271980,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,♛★♥❤Huskii❤♥★♛,"Most realistic Dino game so far and its very fun, Though there are a lot of stuffs to be fix in this game but it works just fine and the developers did a great job optimizing the performance of this game. The game isn't dead if your gonna ask, So I highly recommended you to get it if your interested in Dinosaurs, Realistic gameplays and FPS."
,Recommended,321360,17010306,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Quivira,So freaking addicting. Also dinosaurs and sexy skins.
76561198143595522,Recommended,321360,16072289,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Wyvern,"I like playing this game, its got good graphics and modles! Great Job!!!!!!!"
76561198201433785,Recommended,321360,17419355,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Kedd,"Primal carnage:Extinction is a great game, IN MY OPINION. even though there is alot of bugs and stuff i feel it is great for people who like dinosaurs.but let me get this out first, the community is obsessed and overeacting about skins. some skins are on sale for 200$ Really!? The comminuty needs to be focused on gameplay and not just some look for your raptor.First, lets talk about the team deathmatch. in my opinion, its very unfair to both sides. The tyrants (Rex, Spino, and Acro) NEED to be nerfed or be limited to one at a time, they have insanely high health and are almost impossible to kill when there is healing for the dinos.The thing about humans, OH ITS UNFAIR ALRIGHT! The people on the human team usually camp with friends near health and ammo boxes, it really gets on my nerves when i'm a raptor and i keep getting killed because i cant get to a corner in tine.I honestly think that team deathmatch needs to be improved greatly, but it is the core of the series and it is amazing for what it is now.Second, lets talk about free roam. I absolutely see no purpose for this mode, you just walk around and look at stuff. i hate free roam, it has no purpose.Third, Get to the chopper. I feel that this gamemode would be amazing! if the community actually game the gamemode attention. it has potential but nobody plays it so my opinion of this mode is that it gets no attention even though it is really great for a gamemode.Fourth and finally, Roleplay. DISCLAIMER, i love roleplay so i might give this mode a little bit more love than the others)Roleplay servers have amazing people but it gets too much hate. I honestly think if you like having dinos talk to eachother, than this is your mode.I dont know why it gets too much hate, it is fun to do if you are bored and want dinos to do their own thing as if you were a dino. the people on the roleplay servers are AMAZING and really kind, they let you join their rp most of the time and are just plain awesome.I think the game needs alot of fixing but if you exclude that, it can be a great game depending on what kind of person you are. it isnt as great as the original. i honestly love the game and the rp world of it. TDM is fun to play as it is the core of the series.THIS IS MY OPINION."
76561198136513642,Recommended,321360,14866982,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,⚡️Edmonto9⚡,"I personally think this game is amazing and it is a very good pick if your looking for gameplay, graphics, and fun in general so I think anyone considering buying this game should do it. :)"
76561198062813964,Recommended,321360,15536637,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Team Epiphany Logan,This game is AWESOME! Its way better than dino d day if you play dino d day then you would LOVE this! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND PLAYING THIS!
,Recommended,321360,30664228,Posted: 21 March,all,☭SuperGidon☭,"It is very fun and surprisingly balanced, but there are not so many people in servers and the game."
,Not Recommended,321360,24284934,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Evo,"Disgustingly slow and boring, not fun at all, was going to refund but even if you close the game the application still runs in the background, absolutely pathetic and I won't be buying from this developer or publisher again, it's very underhanded to have it run in the background so even if you want your money back you can't get it, aside from it looking extremely dated, none of the classes are fun, and just playing the game feels like a chore, probably the worst steam purchase so far out of my 500+ games, not to mention there are a disgusting amount of microtransactions, though not necessary even seeing them in a game this terrible is pretty disgusting"
76561198264697907,Recommended,321360,31420242,Posted: 28 April,all,canadian moon,"i think this game should be recommended because it has a good multiplayer aspect to it, it also has pretty good textures to it as well for as big as this game is. its good in the state right now even tho it does have a glitch here and there i know its still updating, i respect the creators of this game for putting this much time into it :)"
,Recommended,321360,13940618,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Zylsa,This game is so awesome i really like it!!!!!
,Recommended,321360,14953738,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Ruff Wizard,DINOSAURS
,Not Recommended,321360,31127273,Posted: 13 April,all,Reptilia Draconia,Game plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Too many glitches that make combat frustrating. The only fun that can be found is changing the gravity and watching ragdolls get completely ruined.3/10
,Recommended,321360,15552513,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,JA BYRD 7773,"This is an amazing game... I wish i'd have found it sooner.. the graphics and movement are unlike any Dinosaur game i've ever played. props to unreal. :D. As a human you really feel like you're trying to survive an attack, being attentive to every sound and thing you see, and jumping or losing it when you miss or a dino jumps out. As a dino (love the rex and ovaraptor) You're playing like a real pred, sneaking and jumping to the unsuspecting or running/hunting with the pack. It's great! I highly recommend the game, you will not regret it!"
76561198308798243,Not Recommended,321360,28644319,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Drago1912,i didn't get my refund......i cry evrytiem
,Recommended,321360,23057272,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,<RaY<>tHe<>OvI>™,"This game is pretty awesome, great for dino-lovers, like me XD. I recommend this game, to people who just love to fight, in games, also people who love to do animal roleplays. The roleplays server is MPQC, so if u want to roleplay, go to there.(In server list.)"
,Not Recommended,321360,29518730,Posted: 27 January,all,EnderHTD,"Playing Primal Carnage: Extinction is a sad result of a morally corrupt mind, PLEASE reconsider your life"
,Not Recommended,321360,13882614,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fenborg,"This game needs work and a lot of it.I am aware that this game is still in the ""early access"" or ""beta"" stage, so I will write this review based on what this game currently is right now. When it becomes polished I will probably write a second review based on the game's standing at that point in time.Visually it is leaps ahead of PC by a great amount. Mechanically PCE has a lot to fix.Pros:Extra abilities: Its nice to see that humans (as well as dinos) are getting different abilities now (e.g. health kit, ammo kits, etc). I much needed feature to help create a balance. (balance has yet to be achieved, but its a step in the right direction).Speed of Gameplay: Although the human stamina needs signifigant improvements, the overall speed of the game I feel has helped to better increase the fluidity of combat (once they polish the game).Improved textures and lighting (though still needs work) is nice.Revamped PC maps (like the Dock), its a step in the right direction in draweing in fans of the first PC.3D scope will be a very nice feature once polished.New maps are always good, especially dynamic maps (like the one that electrocutes all players outside of the main complex)Making the Raptor more challenging to use. In the first PC, it was painfully easy to just spam jump and take people down. now you have to work for it.Cons:For starters, twitchy dinosaurs. I'll use the Pteranadon for example. They've made it in PC:E where picking players up as a Pteranadon is way too easy, combine that with break neck 90 degree pin turns and a you virtually can't miss. Takes away the skill factor of picking up humans and dropping them to their doom, as well as creating a painstaking disatvantage for trying to shoot it (hit box issues, but I'll get to that later). In short, the Pteranadon should never be simple to use, just like the scientist being tricky to use since it only has ONE weapon that does damage and it is a weapon based on percision and timing, aka requiring some skill to use.Side stepping raptors. (before you make assumptions, I have a very powerful gaming/work PC and excellent net service).Back to the twitching raptors, with the hitbox being as poor as it is, all you have to really do to avoid getting hit half the time(not all the time) is tap A and D really fast and the hit box follows the character animation.T-Rex and Spinos doing 360s to get ya with a ""flick""shot movement. Im sorry, nothing that big moves that fast.Hit Boxes. If you have this game and played as the scientist you know exactly what I mean. The rounds don't always hit their mark, which means either the bullet deviates (which as the scientist it shouldn't), the hit box for the dino isn't complete, or it has something to do with the overall animation.Spawn points: The games spawning system as it stands (especially for humans) is absolutely attrocious. A personal example would be my character spawning directly beneath a spino 4 times in a row. Also now with the Pteranadon being so painfully easy to use, often times when you spawn out in the open, in 2-5 seconds you're bound to be picked up by a Pteranadon.General Lighting and texture bugs, examples being shadows from characters a floor above you being visible in the floor below, motion causing render issues, etc. The lighting gets buggy at times, especially if you're using the 3D sniper scope.Overall motion: It has the potential to be smooth, but as it stands it still gets pretty clunky in verious spots on the map.Overall, do I recommend this game for the casual player? Absolutely not. Wait for the game to be complete and polished before making your purchase.Do you like testing incomplete games then jump right in. People need to let these developers know what needs to be fixed, and theres a lot of fixing thats needed.My rating for this game as of right now (in its early stage of existance) is 5 out of 10. It has potential to be an excellent game.EDIT: As I stated earlier, I have a higher end computer capable of playing larger games than this in the ultra setting. I will tell you now that for some (key word is SOME, not all) this game is going to crash your computer not once, but multiple times. I will look into the reasons for this occuring."
,Not Recommended,321360,13244790,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,TheRealestAsami,"As a fan of the Original Primal Carnage, it really saddens me that this game is terrible.Pros-Dinosaurs still look good-humans are sort of balanced-maps and graphics look prettyCons-Gameplay is WAY too fast. Matches are over in few minutes.-glitches are roaming free. Saw a man embedded in the map, a raptor pounced, both went under the map and died-crashes are frequent-no melee for the humans. if a dino is in close quaters, you're finished-large dinosaurs scale large walls with relative ease-the commando, a black character, has white arms and hands when viewed in the first personPlease. Avoid this game."
76561198138330676,Not Recommended,321360,13228947,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,MEXICAN,I have broadband interet 18MBPS and a CYberpower PC with NVidia graphics but i Cant Play this game because it is FULL of LAG! I need to take some aspirins my head and eyes are hurting really bad!
76561198037194982,Not Recommended,321360,14518441,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[PC]Roco45,"Okay, lets just get into this. Primal Carnage: Extinction is basically just a rehash of the Original Primal Carnage (That basically declined so bad that the former devs abandoned it) and is suppose to be the ""Improved"" version. Never mind that this was suppose to essentially be a free update for those who purchased the Original, but that doesnt matter that much. What really matters is the gameplay, now while this game is technically in ""Early Access"" it's fair game to judge since the original Primal Carnage released to the public about three years ago, but the gameplay is still utterly terrible. You would think that over the course of years that the dev team would have learned already how to balance out the classes (Yes I know this is a new dev team, but this new team can learn from what the old team was doing), but they have not. Now, do you really want to buy a game that after years and years, the dev team simply cannot figure out how to make their own game work? Next up is content, there isn't much of it.....at all (Unless you want to count all the items you can BUY from the market to customize horribly optimized playable characters). Theres the same old boring maps that got a ""graphical update"", which is nice, but other than that they have not delivered any new content aside from BUYABLE skins. There are two entirely new maps, one of which is actually pretty cool (Consistency), but the rate they churn them out is horrific. For a game that is entirely based around Online Multiplayer, the devs need to try their hardest to update content frequently so it doesn't become stale.There are only two game modes currently, Get To The Chopper and regular Team Deathmatch. There was a new game mode on the Original PC called Capture the Egg but that hasn't been heard of since last year. Now In Primal Carnage Exitinction, you won't find anyone playing GTTC and if you find a server packed and dedicated to just Team Deathmatch then you are lucky, and all because of this thing called Loot. A good portion of servers for this game are two minute rounds of team deathmatch dedicated to getting loot, which is digital content for the different classes that randomly drops to one or two players at the end of the match.  The devs have worked an awful lot on establishing a Market Place to buy their skins and content to fill their market while ignoring real issues, like bugs and gameplay, funny aye? Basically, this game boils down to this, theres micro-transactions glaore, lack or any real substance content, the community doesn't helps since most of them are dino thumpers who want a re-hashed skin, and theres no definite direction on where this game will go based on past track record. Most of the people who bought this game only purchased it because there was a discount that brought the game down to $3 if you owned the original. For the regular price, I cannot recommend buying it or supporting this game currently. I'd suggest purchasing another game and come back to this one in a year or two to see how it's changed. But If you're the do-gooder type like me who enjoy buying Early Access games to support the dev team and to have a hand in producing some amazing game, then I actually recommend you buy a game called Subnautica, now thats an example of how to really handle Early Access, unlike this game."
76561197978878971,Recommended,321360,14636407,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Primitive,Graphics are amazing and the dinosaurs are realisticly well made ! i love it :D
,Recommended,321360,13797529,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ReptilesKing,"This game is very cool and amazing!!!Savage Raptor,Volcano T-Rex and Spino make Primal Carnage: Extinction more unique and cool!!!Let's try and play this game and don't forget to try Primal Carnage too!!!"
76561198062752902,Recommended,321360,13547637,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Spinotaurus,"I love this game it can be fun and fustrating, and i am buying it for my friends."
76561198132480424,Recommended,321360,14767749,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Crazy,Still my favourite game and I'm looking forward to playing as the acrocanthosaurs.Support it and give it a try. P.S. I would like to see a beach world where you can swim in the water and go on land.
,Recommended,321360,19964980,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SharpEyeShooter,I think this game is awesome i love running around being MLG quickscoper. :D
,Recommended,321360,32800998,Posted: 25 June,all,AcidHound_X,good game
,Recommended,321360,32794112,Posted: 25 June,all,Chips,i love dinosaurs
76561198251934234,Not Recommended,321360,22281933,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Robator,"this game suck, don`t buy it! its only about killing each other and get most kill!the game is not realistic and fun, I mean witch T-rex teaming up whit a nova raptor, pteradon,acronothosaurus,dilophosaurus and way more, carnivores don\t team up to kill human, that give just no sence, its also no adventure mode, story mode, or anything only kill! so I sey don`t buy it, spend you`re money on someting else, like minecraft story mode it has at last a good story so."
76561198372809005,Recommended,321360,31044199,Posted: 9 April,all,** aurora **,bootyful 10/10
76561198373695728,Recommended,321360,31072067,Posted: 10 April,all,PixlatedBonnie564,This game is the best!
76561198118195372,Not Recommended,321360,33067759,Posted: 30 June,all,Your cool dad,It's meh.
,Not Recommended,321360,19074465,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,The Camel Horder,it does not turn on for me
76561198142269607,Recommended,321360,13773805,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MR.TreeLemur,"Early access, so there are a few problems of course. But they're mostly cosmetic. It's a huge improvement over the already-awesome game that came before it.-Do you like dinosaurs?-Do you like shooters?-Do you like Jurassic Park?-Did you like the first one?If you said yes to at least two of the above, I highly recommend this game for you."
76561198072671663,Recommended,321360,13815554,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Dinoicy,cool its so AMAZING!
,Recommended,321360,14034609,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,RexyRaptor,I Highly recommend this game even though it has its fair share of bugs...   The game it self is very fun.And despite the bugs a recommend it. Remember this is still only an early access game.PS dilo power!
76561198134217106,Not Recommended,321360,20464625,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,hrider XY&Z,不推荐，首先先说客观的理由：这个游戏亚洲人不感冒，因为你看不到亚洲的服务器，所以没有vpn的话你会很卡，而且这个游戏很奇怪，别的游戏没有vpn是游戏体验中会卡，这个游戏没有vpn是游戏程序会卡，3分钟来一个未响应，一卡就是1分钟，其次，由于这个游戏其实并不怎么特别的好，但是游戏组竟然感搞内置商店，一些无意义的皮肤要你一个个买，你这样还不如搞成dlc多好，为什么这么说，应为不挂vpn你打不开内置商店，我觉得各位可以买这个游戏的一代，有人会说一代已近没人玩了，我想说这一代也没人玩了，单冲良心体验来说1代好于2代。下面说主关原因，这个游戏制作组非常的没有责任心，和国内游戏商一个德行，知道为什么吗？这个游戏发售到现在LAN的问题都没解决，我去官网反馈都没人理我，更大言不惭的在日志 里说修复了，你永远无法在刷服器里刷出LAN服 应为根本就没修复不显示，唯一的办法就是得知你好友的ip并且在控制台里输入IP才行 才能连的上你好友的LAN服务器，NOTE:THE GAME HAVE NOT FIXED THE LAN PROBLEMS UNTIL TODAY!!! I have told them about the problems .不过，如果有玩家希望有能力建服的，可以联系我 我会建服，但是我没有服务器，有了国服就不怕没人玩了。
76561198015384074,Recommended,321360,32585909,Posted: 20 June,all,TheDuke,"I'm slightly torn on my desicion to recommend the game, but at the end of the day I feel I have to. Right up front, it should be noted that the game lacks a bit of polish; the gunplay is rough, collision doesn't always function right, things like that. Overall, however, it is a fun game. My two biggest issues are simply this; Number of players and the unlock system.At least in my region, there are only about six servers with anyone in them at any given time. They are always the same servers with the same game modes. About three are so called ""Chill or Kill"" servers, in which killing has more restrictions than an inmate in super max, which generally just leads to a bunch of dinos standing around while people have unrelated arguments over chat. The other two are roleplaying, which, hey, if that's what you want, go for it. But these are non kill, no action servers in which people make up stories over chat. The remaining server is team death match, which can be fun depending on map and participants. The total player count between all of these servers is only about sixty or so people.As for my issues with the unlock system, the game seems to take somewhat of a free to play model while not being free to play. There are boxes that drop which require a key to open. You must purchase these keys. While not all drops are boxes, this is nonetheless a frustrating concept. While some games have managed to get away with this (cough Overwatch cough) my complaint is that, 1. I simply disagree with paying for a game and then paying to unlock drops, and 2. This game is no triple A title. I honestly think a move to free to play format would help with player numbers and result in a more profitable game, but that's me.All that being said, the game is fun if you're willing to just enjoy it. The concept is solid, the core gameplay, when it hits it's stride, is a blast, and at the end of the day, you get to be a dinosaur. While the art isn't perfect, as an animator in the software development field, I'd like to point out the high quality dinosaur animations and, in most cases at least, skins.Primal Carnage: Extinction doesn't pretend to be any more than it is and while it could use some final polish and tweaks, for the price, i'd say it's worth it. If you go in with the proper expectations, you'll have a good time."
,Recommended,321360,33046569,Posted: 30 June,all,☤Racingsnake8☤,"Great game!I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes death match games, there are other game modes too, one of witch is free roam (which is one of my favourite). You can host your own server and set an admin password. Using console commands took me a while to figure out and get used to but once you get your head round most of the basic commands then you will understand it more.Overall it's a very good game."
76561198289870076,Recommended,321360,28588013,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SeanXD,hard to find human vs dinos
76561198266099703,Recommended,321360,28349754,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ummmm,fun
76561197970721191,Recommended,321360,24642454,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ssundowner,I absolutely love this game it's not only fun for dinosaur lovers but it incorporates the horror of being a human and fighting off the fearsome creatures. The came rarely crashes and there is new skins added all the time that are made by fans. I love the game and recommend it greatly!
76561198319152248,Recommended,321360,28595902,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,i want to die,This game is awesome. The one thing I don't like is when you turn you get blurn on your screen and  the senativity is so high
76561198318174843,Recommended,321360,24640775,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Duck Q. Duckerson,I LOVE THIS GAME :D
76561198091438853,Recommended,321360,28459306,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,RagingRaptor,"I highly recommend this game, for one the community of people are one of the best I've seen in a while, just about everyone I've met has been very nice. The game play is very fun and you can easily spend hours on end playing. The classes are unique, extras are unique, Easter eggs are friggin awesome, overall, great game."
,Not Recommended,321360,18363504,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Carolina Reaper,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing run by snails.It took a whole year to release CU2.And it wasn't even good..
76561198147402055,Recommended,321360,18563183,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,✪ Loki,why i cannot open the store??
76561198050571567,Recommended,321360,28681966,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Spyros TS5,WOOW jst WOOW
,Not Recommended,321360,24197324,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Seregir,"Been playing for several weeks and have never recieved an item drop. Alos hardly any servers, only available ones are free roam and people are too sensitve to being killled in them. COuld use a dedicated server for people who wish to play the game the way it was meant to be played as well as an item drop fix."
76561198274446137,Not Recommended,321360,28395992,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Davy Jones,"I played this on my other account for a very long time. Because this is my main account, im going to post my review hereLets do this in checklist format:The GraphicsHave a big moniter? ♥♥♥♥ you, we only come in a size that an ipad can fit! otherwise we will be blurry! and also, you play on borderless windowed, or you will be blurred! muhahaha!The game in genral looks pretty ok, nothing spectacular, the animations can be clunky and exploited at times, so 6/10The GameplayA game where you are a human and you shoot dinosaurs in tdm or freeplay (those are the only surviving gamemodes, ill get to that later), tdm is ok, the ranking system could not have been more poorley executed, game is choppy, and easily exploitable, the game often favoring dinosaurs over humans, exept things like acrocanthosaur and pteradons, where it counts most to have proper hitboxes, it fails. Hitboxes are poor, mainly for humans. fall damage is absurd. 4/10The Communitydefinitley the games biggest downfall. mostly furries, and 99% of the workshop content looks like a three year old used microsoft paint. The game is nearly dead, with one, mabey two servers active at a time. Oh, and one of those is a furrie roleplay server, thats the only reliable one. Community is more toxic than call of duty blackops 3's, often full of raging kids, its a really good thing voice chat isnt in game. 1/10The Workshoptake a look for yourself. yeesh 1/10CampaighnNAOverall score3/10, the main redeeming factor is that the game itself isnt horrific, its just been a series of very bad updates, the core aspect is still pretty ok, not nearly good as the original primal carnage, no big updates can be expected from this game ever again. Buy if you really, really like dinosaurs, otherwise, skip"
76561198118667774,Not Recommended,321360,31778441,Posted: 15 May,all,MotherOrganoid,"Its fun to just run around and roar on free mode, and the aesthetic pieces do allow a certain degree of originality. The larger maps are nice but they still feel somewhat claustraphobic, and with most of the servers being all but deserted there's just not much of a point to buy into it if you don't already have it rotting in your library."
76561198154503843,Recommended,321360,24258566,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,✪ Cherka,"Its a good game but i wouldnt recommend buying now. The game is dead and there is no one playing it anymore, but, its still really fun."
,Not Recommended,321360,13234309,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ᗩᗰᗷᗴᖇ,"If you don't feel like reading this review this video pretty much sums up the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPjL4XsfnEwTL;DR: just don't buy this game.Anywho, my personal review:The roleplayers taking over has to beoneof the biggest let downs. Well, I do believe it was smart of the Dev's to lean a bit towards em because they bring in a lot of money (dumb enough to pay $200-300 for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skin) BUT it feels as if it is priority to them. Not only is there proof of that in game and on the market, but also on the forums.A whole new level of dumb.And as if that is not good enough, whether or not they realease a patch minor, major, or the full release of the game in general, it is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ The thought would never cross anyone's mind to go back over to 1.3 . But since this game has come out a lot of us did go back.As you go through the server list there are many roleplay and loot servers (and now they may even add Dino VS Dino which is also ♥♥♥♥ing lame.) Sad thing is that there are not manynormalservers. If there is it is likely it may have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ping and/or something of that sort.If anyone has paid $20 for this I genuinely feel bad for them. Especially if they only know Primal Carnage through this game and did not get to experience 1.1 or even 1.2 in the original game. As of now it is a disappointment. I believe the only thing good to come out of this game is being able to sell the loot, of course. Those mindless roleplayers will pay almost any price for what you put up. Easy way to rake in some extra cash money's to buy whatever else you want on Steam.Overall, not worth it. If you want a cool fast paced game with dino's and humans fighting to the death with superb team work/team balance you came to the wrong place. It is the complete opposite with nothing but people withp i s spoor Photoshopped and MS Paint made skins along with everyone touching each other or themselves.But if you, for whatever reason, want this game. I at least suggest you wait until it is on sale. It isnotworth the full price whatsoever."
,Recommended,321360,14178422,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Prvt. Donut,"The original game was fun, but ultimately not balanced well enough. This game improves vastly on the 'feel' of the game. It just feels right, from the shooting mechanics to being a dinosaur. Yes the developers have implemented an economy update before releasing but if you look at their trello they consider it to be part of the core game (much like workshop support) and so it should be in there before finishing the game.From the FPS mechanics of humans to the feel of swallowing a person whole, there isn't anything in this game that feels janky. Flying as a Ptero is great and the humans are fun to play this time around.Highly recommend playing, if you have an interest in dinosaurs."
76561198184066631,Recommended,321360,24797344,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,BlueSky,This game is a great game.The End
76561198313072351,Recommended,321360,24858415,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ᄽAtelect™️ᄿ,Amazing Game! Mostly because you can be a dino and i love dinosaurs (not all poeple do).
,Recommended,321360,24649575,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ExtremeJay123,THE GAME IS AWESOME ;D i love it it has so many skins it has food graphics and not one mistake i found since i bought it :D
,Recommended,321360,24692173,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,HoovyMcMaggot,This game is a great upgrade to the 1st ''Primal Carnage''
76561198167031665,Recommended,321360,32647100,Posted: 22 June,all,W4RT0RTL3,"The game has much to offer, giving a Jurassic Park kind of vibe. Being able to play as humans and dinosaurs with very different experiences, making it more fun to play over and over, though, there needs to be more open TD Servers, the only ones I see are either full or empty, but other than that, it's a great game all together."
76561198119639222,Recommended,321360,13256197,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,MRMoredecai,It's fun and easy more much faster than the old PC but there r some bugs that can be fixed the loot in the game needs to be a bit easier to get and it needs to get u the loot that u dont have not something that u already have cause it's a waste the dinos need some work all the humans need some work aswell but not the commando he's fine and fun as he is right now
,Recommended,321360,24093274,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,spoiltzo,Dinosauuuuuuurs ermehgerd so many dinosauuuuurs. Ish so goooooooood. Why be hooman when you can be dinosauuuuur. 9 waffles out of 10 waffles
76561198202711214,Recommended,321360,18348398,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,{ÇÇH} CRAZYNIGHT151,"There's alot of bad reviews about this game unfortunately. But i love this game, it's a bit laggey when you have bad admins, and it may have a few bugs here and there, but besides that it's a very funny and good game"
,Recommended,321360,13243148,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Autistic Wazowski,this game is basically a re skin for the original game but still a great game worth buying. there are some bugs but not enough to detract from the experience.
76561198256629620,Recommended,321360,24001509,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Blue Raptor,9/10 dinosauar game super fun youll yall will play this game for hours.
,Recommended,321360,23877716,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SlenderTimothy,Best dino vs human game recommend it to all friends and to everyone.
,Recommended,321360,18000388,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Scrumpy,So lets see:Good graphicsMany dinosHidden dinoMany gameplay modesCan roarMany abilities...10/10
,Recommended,321360,18344630,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,zzilla8,cool game
76561198086931560,Recommended,321360,18393840,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Kayn,Love it
,Recommended,321360,19491000,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,-ClockyTheOwl-,"Hello Steam Community!Well, I finally have enough hours to write a complete and truthful list of concerns for Primal Carnage: Extinction. While I like this game, it has some major issues that should be understood before anyone buys it. I will, then, endeavor to point out some of these issues. Please remember, I am no expert on games or media. I am an aspiring engineering student with a good vocabulary. These are only opinions, and are in no shape or form certain undeniable truths. We are not talking about “a priori” knowledge here. Please allow me to share my opinions, if I may be so bold. :)Economy:I feel that this is a major issue for Primal Carnage: Extinction. As of now, there are skins and textures that sell for ridiculous prices upwards of 300 US dollars. While it can be certain that “legendary” economy items are exceedingly rare, they are simply not worth that sum of money. This is even more truthful when one considers the fact that the game itself has very few players online. In a few years, these high-priced visual items will be almost worthless. I assume that many people will wonder why they went to such an extent to obtain them when they could have spent their precious time and capital elsewhere.Furthermore, these skins do nothing to improve the game. Many individuals on this game associate high-priced skins with experience, status, or skill. The logical flaws in this sort of assumption are too great to even bother covering. I am an extremely good player myself, and not one of my skins exceeds $30 in value. Still, I have been literally ridiculed by other players for my lack of quote, “skinz”.Despite these various issues, the developers seem all too poised to continue their economy efforts. It can be certain that while they did issue many fixes, they maintained a major focus on skins and economy. In my view, the excessive and illogical pursuit of the economy system has dealt the game a serious blow.Community:Let it be known that Primal Carnage: Extinction has a very polarized player base.There are incredible people on this game. Many are extremely helpful, logical, coherent, understanding, and friendly. There are some truly good administrators on this community that genuinely care about providing a quality experience for their players. (I like to think that I am one of these, but I cannot commend myself for that would be biased.) When a question is raised, they rush to answer and help. When a troublesome person is spotted, they enforce the rules as necessary.However, some individuals are absolute rubbish. They are rude, arrogant, disrespectful, conniving, and deceitful. I cannot even begin to list all of the scams and devious ploys I have witnessed. The nature of the “economy” -which I have previously talked about- brings out the worst in some people. It is not uncommon to see individuals begging, scamming, and deceiving in order to obtain items. In addition to this, the game seems to be infested with trolls. As an administrator of a server group, I have watched individuals purposefully attack and disrupt a server’s functionality. It appears as if these trolls literally want to be kicked. In their mind, they can effectively destroy a server by injecting themselves into the session and deliberately inciting a virtual riot against officials. The entire process is sad to watch, and really speaks towards the community’s immature and delinquent views.I have observed many players who are dissatisfied with the fact that there are very few “deathmatch” servers. Their complaints are valid, as there are rarely any competitive community servers. As an administrator, I can verify one reason why this is so. It is nearly impossible to control the rage, frustration, trolling, and delinquency that such game modes attract. It is likely –although I do not claim to hold tangible evidence for this- that administrators find it easier to host manageable games.To be forthright, this community both inspires and repulses me at the same time.Gameplay:The final and most important issue regarding Primal Carnage: Extinction has to do with gameplay.There are rampant glitches and issues in this game. From dinosaurs to humans, many weapons and classes can become bugged to the point that they can no longer be effectively used. One good example of this is the raptor pounce attack. When a player changes class to anything besides a raptor, they run the risk of losing their pounce attack’s functionality. This is a horrible issue for competitive players who want to attack the enemy using a diverse strategy, because it limits their ability to change into a more suitable class during different situations.The team balancing in the game is inferior. On any competitive “deathmatch” game, most players monopolize the dinosaur team resulting in unequal matches. This is dreadful for anyone who cares to master both human and dinosaur gameplay, because it makes the human team a bad choice for anyone. When a match does start out with teams that are in the correct proportions, players often switch to whichever team is currently doing well. In most cases, players will abandon the losing team and join the team that seems to be more secure. In truth, the option to “switch team” during a ""deathmatch"" round should be abolished.Conclusion:While I like this game and some of its community, I feel that individuals should be aware of certain things. I do not profess to know exactly what is wrong with the game. I have simply provided a list of things that, in my experience, trouble the game. I keep an open mind, and I never attempt to imply that I understand everything about the community. I am only giving you my experiences. On a more positive note, I think that game is quite good aside from these flaws. The lighting is spectacular, and the graphics are very pleasing. I would give it a 6.8/10."
76561198152357845,Recommended,321360,20143325,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Oha Nosis,"LOOL, i played the original for a while, and i did like it, but not enought classes of anything if you ask me, and any DLCs costing more than 3$ a piece are not worth it in my opinion. i like games like this one, where you can play and unlock all sorts of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and maybe even earn a buck or two on the side.if you like the original game, and you just want to rip peoples faces off as a raptor in a higher graphic quality, this game is for you. if you want an FPS game thats got any shooting quality worth mentioning, this game is not for you.i mean, who the hell buys a dinosaur game for its ""great FPS combat""anyway?"
76561198216294888,Recommended,321360,20495896,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Bepis,Very Very fun game  11/10 ign
76561198261352251,Recommended,321360,20899142,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,-<TSG>-JaM,"I love this game the reasons why you should get it is that duh you get guns, dinosaurs fun gameplay and way more stuff like that you can just fight all you want. i rate this game 8.7/10 I know this is a bad review but hey! THIS GAME IS AMAZING!"
76561198233674156,Recommended,321360,20907381,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,UC523,i love being a dino!
76561198092469315,Recommended,321360,21377335,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Diary of a Pimpy Kid,8/10 ....... buy it
,Recommended,321360,21861692,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Strange,ITS AWESOME
,Recommended,321360,22228297,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,toasty toast toast girl,love it best classic game :D
,Recommended,321360,17067179,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,| AHS |,"It's a good game, fun for a good amount of time. Although I never got too attached to this game, but every now and then I come back to play this."
76561198001227169,Not Recommended,321360,17073411,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Cappystus the Ramgineer,"if you haven't played the first game you might get something out of this, otherwise i recommend NOT to pic this one up. it screws on the name of a good game and prioritizes cs:go like unboxing (buy keys with real money and open crates to get skins) instead of anything else in the game. Oh and teams are greatly unbalanced in so many ways (dinos have more power, speed, stamina, health, variation and also have ranged and melee attacks when humans have only underpowered ranged attacks."
,Recommended,321360,17233182,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ShutInNeet,It is like the best dinosaur vs human game with such high quality! And if you like Primal Carnage you will like Extinction!
,Recommended,321360,17337169,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Zack Power,"This Is An Outstanding Game!The Servers Have Been Fixed! The Devs Listen To The Community.If You Love Dinosaurs, Added With Murdering Humans Vice versa, This Is The Game For You!"
76561198083810073,Recommended,321360,17656088,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,DoomedShrimp8,"This game doesn't deserve all the hate it gets, it's a really good game, altough there are many freeroam servers it's still a good game"
76561198180864821,Recommended,321360,19919577,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,T.w² | Sillydogcotton CS.MONEY,"I hate how this game isnt playable on macs.... But, since i have a windows, i still highly reccomend this game"
76561198271821866,Recommended,321360,20042845,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ggaming_sensei,a over all good game (needs beefy computer)
76561198271978073,Recommended,321360,21377633,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bork bark,AMAZING GAME 29/10
,Recommended,321360,21377979,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,xTiffanyRulesx,One word. Amazing
,Recommended,321360,21383812,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,~SilentRaven~♀,"I love this game but there's glitches that need to be fixed. But ignore the glitches, then you have a almost perfect game I recommend this game to others it's so fun."
76561198151676234,Recommended,321360,14616618,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,TitanRogue,"A really good game it outshines the orginal not by much right now. but im sure soon the game will be amazeing, but it would be cool if ceratosaurus was a brusier class w/ carnotaurus."
,Recommended,321360,16527016,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Thor Killa,Dinosaurs vs humans... if that doesn't sell you I don't know what would! Pretty good mechanics neither side if OP. Tons of fun!
76561198179182923,Recommended,321360,17245659,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Tiny,Very good game
,Recommended,321360,17473261,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,☣PlatinumLeviathan☣,"This game is amazing!! What cant you do?.. Like for example, The other day in PC:E. I was a NovaRaptor Riding a Dirtbike. Like, Who wouldnt want to do that?!. It is user friendly and a great game overall."
76561198209301229,Recommended,321360,17725656,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Lcs105,Like Team Fortress 2 with Dinosaurs!
76561198060873568,Recommended,321360,19461097,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,that pug needs a hug,good game
76561198133339353,Recommended,321360,19796019,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,SpinoZillawarrior342,I love it
76561198220656952,Recommended,321360,20165922,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,GODZILLA BRO,i love Primal Carnege Extinction it is a wonderful game
76561198271942813,Recommended,321360,20942251,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Oakbass12,It is a fun game.If you like to kill humans as a dino this is the game for you.
,Recommended,321360,21063779,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,fireball [G.E.W.P] [B.T.S.W.P],its a coll game like dino d-day a dino vs human you can either be human saving humanity or a ultimant preditoralso its know for having some beast players
76561198109201773,Recommended,321360,22037364,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Keith,Great game
76561198202529626,Recommended,321360,16550908,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dingo Insurance,This game is awesome. Almost similar to the first one but with more stuff. Only one thing. This games HAS to be on Macs. I have no idea if they are already working on it but if u do then leave it in the comments.
,Not Recommended,321360,17720719,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mina3,"I want to like this game, I really do, but it's just not there yet.(Positive): The new skins and customization are great, a lot like TF2, and they'll probably rake in a ton of money with this idea.  (This could've easily been added to the original though)  Some of the skins however, seem really shiny giving them a faker plastic look.(Draw): The map are essentially the same they just added more vines here and there. (again something they could've simple added to the original).(Negative): Gameplay. I would've thought they'd have fixed some of the big loopholes that were in the original game (killing a tyrant while circling in its blind spot) sadly these are even more pronounced. The controls are slow to respond and they feel heavy.(Negative): Most people seem to understand this game was a money grab and as such there are fewer people that play it.Overall, it's disappointing.  If you did a side by side comparison of this game and its ""predecessor"" they both look essentially the same but the original plays better and actually seems more well balanced team-wise. When other new games come out (like with COD for example) there's usually enough new material to merit  them being their own freestanding game, I can't say that for this game.  It seems like a lot of time and effort were wasted creating a new game around material that would've been better suited as a patch or DLC.  If you want to spent a lot of money buying keys to unlock crates that may or may not have something good in them or just straight up dropping a ton of money to get the fancy skin you want then yea you'll enjoy this game.  If you want to blow up some dinosaurs up or eat some fleeing humans just get the original.I will continue to periodically play this game in the hope that future patches change my mind on it."
76561198181718874,Recommended,321360,19027463,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Grim09,I love this game because it was what I was looking for a simple first person shooter and dinosaur gamelay but i realy hope updates for this game keep coming out
76561198202221380,Recommended,321360,19813379,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Wyvernska,"I have the game, but I'm on a mac, will the game ever be mac compatible? If so, when? I love this game, I've never played it before though, but it looks exciting."
76561198160226522,Recommended,321360,17061858,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,{NMR}XxFireWolfxX,pretty good everything is on track humansnew form looksnice and thedinosaurs skins are awsome
76561198202983816,Recommended,321360,17345549,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DrFreshPotato,The best and funnest game ever!!!!! It is so fun to be a dinosaur and the intesity as a human very competive and hard but not really it is simple and very fun! It would be nice to have a mac version but they dont which sucks otherwise the best game! Primal Carnage: Extinction FTW!
,Recommended,321360,17692432,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Aerus,"I really like how it doesn't lag so much.I really love the dinosaurs,they're so cool!But pls fix because sometimes I hang and then I am forced to quit the game.Still very awesome game though!I like it how the humans are fun to play with too.In my opinion,this is the best game ever!"
,Not Recommended,321360,19192495,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SketchySaurian,"Primal Carnage: Extinction was supposedly an ""upgrade"" from the original Primal Carnage however it wasn't, and still is not, the step up we were hoping for. Now, this review has been witten since the latest november patch and I am not going to be biased about any of the game's aspects there are still some good and bad features about this game and I believe that the developers can easily fix these issues and make this game as good, if not better than the original (although I doubt it).Pros:- Dinosaurs- Fairly balanced gameplay (except for a few features I will get onto later)- More variety within the dinosaurs (dilo/cryo, etc having individual abilities) and some enhancements to some dinosaurs since the original.- A large variety of skins and/or cosmetics for both dinosaurs and humans.- Humans have more in depth features (new weapons, equip items, etc)- A large variety of in-depth, detailed maps- Fun easter eggs for you to search for (The egg is a lie.)Cons:- Many bugs and glitches (although some have been fixed since this patch)- Tyrants have been seriously nerfed since Primal Carnage. Honestly, a pathfinder could go one-on-one with a T. rex. In the original, tyrants were mean't to be feared and required teamwork and skill to take down. Nower days, they represent little threat to even the average PC:E players. Why not add some sort of damage resistance to larger dinosaurs?- Pathfinders are insanely powerful, carnos are practically useless against them and tyrants even more so. Just nerf the damn shotgun to 300 damage tops.- Tranq rifles. Why were they necessary?- Roleplaying servers. In a fighting game, roughly 50% of them are diehard roleplayers. Pathetic. I don't mind freeroam as it allows the player to explore the various maps and apreciate the work gone into the game but we need more people on TDM and GTTC (although I do understand that the devs have no control over that but it is still a massive issue).- Which brings me to my next con: Get to the Chopper is dead! Why is no one playing get to the chopper anymore?- Terrible community full on players which lack any sort of skill in combat. Most result to spamming explosives, tranquilizers darts and pouncing. Those who do manage to get kills then go on to tea-bagging their victims. The rest of the community avoid combat altogether and become diehard roleplayers or spam skin/trade requests in the chat.In short, it would not be entirely honest calling Primal Carnage: Extinction an ""upgrade"". If you want to mess around on freeroam or become a 24/7 roleplayer and create some sort of dino/humans-fire-breathing-hybrid-that-looks-like-it-cane-out-some-sort-of-cliche-anime then go ahead and buy this game. However, if it's co-operative fps action you're looking for then buy the original (surprisingly there still is a thriving community of players on Primal Carnage). Sadly, the visuals and skins were enough to keep me here...for now... However, I still have some faith in this game. If the developers actually took the time to read what the players want instead of cramming in more skins then maybe we could restore the franchise back to it's former glory. If only they knew..."
76561197977112180,Recommended,321360,32980159,Posted: 29 June,all,.:ẀČ:. ĒăğlëŤălðŋ TR,"Looking for a pvp dino game? Amazed at how many are on steam? Bought some and they suck? Want more than 5 servers? Then this is the dino game for you! Looks good, plays well, dino's hold their own. Did you like the camp scene in Jurassic Park 2 when it is complete chaos? Thats Sunday tea compared to this game's deathmatch!"
,Not Recommended,321360,17125690,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Baranca Bunita,A handful of active servers and they're almost always full/laggy. The rest are empty wastelands.
76561198153214332,Not Recommended,321360,29050184,Posted: 5 January,all,The Angry Engineer,two words atto balance and the survers are allways rong
,Recommended,321360,19304348,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Aswin,Can get boring but the experience of simulating a dinosaur can get very interesting
,Recommended,321360,15271424,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Agent Six,"This game has come a long way in terms of polish and optimization. However, I don't understand why its essentially the same game as the original Primal Carnage. I want to see new maps and game modes. However, I do recommend it to anyone who hasn't given it a shot. Great gameplay and epic action. Nothing like the feeling of running away from a charging T-Rex or Spino knowing that any misstep will make you a meal."
76561198081293163,Recommended,321360,16282588,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,DiNoKiDz1441,"frankley i would play the first game only because it doesnt have missing areas, but this game totaly rocks. another things is, this is only a ""expansion"" to the first game so we sould be able to get this for like 15 bucks. but still cool game"
76561198015227194,Not Recommended,321360,13237326,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Noodle Master,"Early Access this early access that. ATM of writing a hell lot of bugs is not a concern. Also they have added/optimized  a lot of things around the core game, but.....GAME IS ALMOST COMPLETLY INPLAYABLE WITH HUMANS AND BORING AS DINOS due to ""ballancing"" the original game. HIGHLY NOT RECOMENDED at least till fix the ballance"
,Recommended,321360,14304550,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Spino,OPEN DA' DOOR GET ON DA' FLOOR! EVERYBODAH WALK DA' DINOSAUR!The best Dinosaur game out there. Primal Carnage games will always be at the top!I rate it 11 Dinosaurs out of 10 Humans.
76561198122966033,Recommended,321360,15590735,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,thedinosaurman,the game is fun but the dinosaurs extremly out-power the humans
,Recommended,321360,16267272,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,vikingcorgi,this is a awesome game filled wil action though i do have a few complates
,Recommended,321360,16324858,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cyber_cake,"eat people,get eatin this game is fun for all you love dinos"
,Recommended,321360,16615960,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,߷߷Markz߷߷,Bloody amazing.
76561198012601109,Recommended,321360,16802975,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,GefreiterLV95,Dinosaurs
76561198147617178,Recommended,321360,16868584,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Baconoshua,Love the game except one thing where can you buy skins i can not find it on the web or the in game store :/
76561198210399048,Recommended,321360,15310683,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ilovepancakessotasty,"So I do recommend this game, cuz I heard some good things about it and watched some vids, but can someone PLEASE explain to me why it is not working? A friend bought this game for me and now it doesnt f*cking work! I press the 'play' button but nothing happens! How? Why? Please someone....Help me fix this problem...."
,Recommended,321360,16632917,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,tarzanic,DINOSAURSDIIIIIINOOOOOSAUUUURSSSSThis game has dinosaurs and is better than Turok so buy itThe End
76561198049648994,Recommended,321360,16711881,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Bot XRavenX,MAn i love the game but Humans still sucks but fun i always thought they change human gameplay like adding more surival items and vicheles and turrets aslo hopefully they will add climbale things and setting traps for dionsaurs  soo humans dont die easy..IM a big fan
76561198112926078,Recommended,321360,15204135,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ser Joris of Drompton,"Amazing, best game i have ever played in my life."
76561198056237369,Recommended,321360,15237138,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ThisGuySucks,"Honestly, I am a bad criticI love dinosaur games, the steam market, tyrannosaurus, and PVP games. So this was a big deal for me I was astonished I didn't know about it till last weekend so I just want to say this is a good game. Apart from the post-release bugs which dont really affect gameplay, they just make some parts  look unsightly such as people walking. The devs are updating monthly which means that the game is not going to stop adding new content. What I hope they will have soon is a workshop and allow users to make the skins sold on the market.8/10prosdinosaurspvpcool gameplayawsomenessconsno workshopno custom player made skins"
,Recommended,321360,16210949,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,virtualghost,Dino Crate #3
,Recommended,321360,16899435,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TheMaskedBowtie353,IT WOULD BE GREAT IF IT WORKEDAND DID NOT EXIT ME OUT EVERY 10 MINUTES OTHERWISE I LOVE IT
,Recommended,321360,14995418,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Marty Aries,"I don't know what to really say,it's too hard to review this game ,because it is alpha!People are not giving it a chance ,they willl just hit No on their reviews and say some ♥♥♥♥s about it !But let me tell you why is this game worth and what it needs and what i recomme to devs !Positives-better graphics-Skin system,drop,trading and market-New weapons,little improvents-Dinos that were dlc in last game,are now for free and they will always be free here-Nice designs for dinos (skins)-new maps (Im not sure if there is a lot new maps,but i know there is one,otherwise i didn't played a lot first game ,because it had no players)Negatives-Cannot run on weaker pc or notebooks(Like i said,better graphics ,but more graphic eating),even on all low it still lags!I have my recommend setings on notebook and it basically lags like hell still (all high LOLZ....).Playing it on pc no problem,maybe in future it will be fixed-A lot of bugs and errors (Ptera can rarely grab,mines can kill teammates,elevators are glitching)-Weak animations (the one and the biggest think i hate on this game,are animations),I mean weak because they are really weak-Running is still just like sliding somewhere,Jump is pretty k,reloading sucks,no thirdperson anims-No Lip sync or new voice lines for characters (yep another verybad negative,but this ain't so big problem like animations .but voices are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off,nothing new )-Trading is dead (but this isn't very important,but if there are skins out there,some trading should be there)-Very low ammount of players (close to 200 players,per day over 100)-Drop servers everywhere....Things i recomme to Devs-Make it free 2 play,or it will be dead forever-If make f2p,give players what bought it for those few € some special skins to make them shut up if they were crying-Fix those damn animations-Add skin and map workshop-Relase the damn Dedi server tool officaly-Update it daily please,it will help players and it will also make you happy if players will be happyMy last wordsAs i can say this,i can tell few more words and lines !Main things are players,servers and gameplayIf they will not do something with it,it will die quickly ,like first game .I heard it has new devs ,than the first game so i'm gonna trust it.I hope they will fix it really fast,because i laughed so bad when i saw it is coming on ps4! Yes that's right,it's going to be on ps4... with tons of bugs !But it can be nice game,if devs will be nice to players !I can recommend you it ,but be aware there is tons of bugs ,yeah devs are just humans,but if they are working on some game,the should fix it !"
76561198372149918,Recommended,321360,31350361,Posted: 24 April,all,✪Mason,Its gr8.
76561198122569103,Recommended,321360,23652993,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,⨂ScottishProxy⨂,"Its been about 2 years since i bought this game after playin the original , I was upset when we still had to pay for extiction when it was just supposed to be an update. Apart from that its definetly fun when you pick up a human as a pternadon.All in all i recommmend it to anyone who likes to play as dinosaurs killing humans or the opppisite :3"
76561198138724530,Recommended,321360,33698395,Posted: 21 July,all,Spinozillapro,primal carnage is a little bit old that Primal Carnage Extinction i like pce more than primal crnage. p.s pce means Primal crnage extinction ok? so thats all you now FOIKS!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,321360,17132874,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,moonguarding,i love this game soo much i whant to see new maps and sea dinos
,Recommended,321360,17334236,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Captain Lemon,This game can be a lot of fun if you can find a deathmatch server however these are vastly outnumbered by freeroam and roleplay ones. If you kill other players on the latter two you will be banned from these servers. If you are looking for a generic shooter this game may disappoint but if dinosaur simulation and beautiful graphics are enough to attract you to a game then I would recommend this.
76561198303117172,Recommended,321360,28568727,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,NuclearFrog,I love primal carnage games. They are fun and pretty old-school. The only problem is community. It's mostly OK but sometimes you can meet little dumb kids.
,Recommended,321360,17536884,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Reaper,"This is a team based game where one side is human and the other is dinosaurs.Open up the door, get on the floor, EVERYBODY WALK THE DINOSAUR."
76561198127589021,Recommended,321360,20998475,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SuperNovaRaptor,"Very,very cool,I think they could hire arch shiranu so we can get another bruiser (Allosaurus plz) and get new skins :D"
76561198273681370,Recommended,321360,28953937,Posted: 2 January,all,RockingtonTheThird-CNA-118,"I love this game it is pretty much Primal Carnage times 100, this game is definitely worth the $20.00, it adds so much that the other game didn't have, like more maps, better graphics, better animation, equal size proportioning, more skins for Dino's and humans. I have played this game for over 250 hours and it is one of the best Dino's vs Humans game on the market."
76561198210914468,Recommended,321360,19138355,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,GenerationBacon,hell yes i recommend this awesomness!
,Recommended,321360,19161592,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,girloni,Best Dino game i've ever played actually its the first dino game i've ever played so I might change it to my 2 fav dino game soon But Its still amazing x3
76561198307525771,Recommended,321360,23969631,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Godslayer428,for this genre of games its good and makes my top list of dino games
76561198096723818,Recommended,321360,28741139,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,⚜FluffyDragon⚜,"There's many things I love about this game and how it connected my gaming to Primal Carnage. I have been here sence 2013 and dinosaur games has been my thing for years sence I knew game, dinosaurs were real. I watched videos of the old version of Primal Carnage and everything has changed over the years. Though there is a down side to Primal Carnage Extiction. The glitched that were in Primal Carnage arn't their anymore. Now u might be saying ""Isn't fixing glitched right?"" well, yes but the funny glitch I LOVED to do was the pounce glitch. I loved that glitch. *If the glitch still resides remind me* There is also when you got to buy the newest version. For some players they could just buy Primal Carnage and thats it. Another thing is everything changed like the rock in TheFalls. That rock was like Pride Rock from The Lion King.  But other than that you can lvl *Level* up to get skins and maybe get lucky to get a crate, skin or even a Key, and Easter eggs are found that really could shock us or even be there for fun. So here was a breif little passage about PCE."
76561198251816366,Recommended,321360,18204615,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,the golden killer,i love this game but i dont .like that it lags plz can u fix this can u plz plz help me i love the game
76561198107669471,Recommended,321360,18819474,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,FernandoIT@,"I have all the games with dinosaurs,ARK: Survival Evolved,theHunter: Primal etc,but in PC Extinction are the most realistic,but the most important thing is that the graphics engine is optimized, many should learn to do.......i know,i know my english sucks XD"
,Recommended,321360,19493366,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Shamus McFuckyourself | OG,"This sequel To the original primal carnage its so good!!!!!!I ♥♥♥♥ing love it,If you dont get it,The t-rex Will hunt you down and trample you then whip you with its tailThen it will eat you!"
76561198262239440,Recommended,321360,19814561,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Miniman6787,Ignore the haters its not true this is a really good game i reccomend this
76561198047030418,Recommended,321360,20005150,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kill_This_Guy ===>,because it is good
76561198124812247,Recommended,321360,20514842,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,TheStabbingMammoth,DIS IS AN AWSOME GAME BUY ITS NOW...IF U DONT DEM DINOS WILL HUNT...YYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
,Recommended,321360,20595129,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Yelpy132,Some one pls play the game i hate playing it by myself and the game is awesome most of those bad reviews are from last year and im from 2016 so yeah lots of updates have been released
76561198143288857,Recommended,321360,20670426,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mungus Chungus.pdf,ITS COUNTER-Strike  WITH DINOSUARS
76561198171093077,Recommended,321360,19087176,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,spicy boi,very very funnnnnn
,Recommended,321360,20011032,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,VASILE TRAGLACIOC,This game is AWESOME! <3!!!
,Recommended,321360,18212606,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,~♥Slyxx♥,"Dinosaur Team has 2 players.Human Team has 1 player.One dino is a rex, the other is a Nova.Rex kills human.Human rage-quits and leaves.Primal Carnage: Extinction."
,Recommended,321360,18255149,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,|DLG| |Chriscosmo7|,Its a good game if your into dinosaurs and if you like games that have the ability to change your weapons and skins.
76561198229108988,Recommended,321360,20714643,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Palmtree.af,awesome
76561198093091535,Recommended,321360,17170028,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,jacklind24,yes i do
76561198170443114,Recommended,321360,17175538,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Phillinator290,"it is a very fun, exciting game that pits humans against dinosaurs in bloody combat, which i find very amusing. Though it is extremely difficult to get new skins or anything you might actually want in the game, i still recomend it and hope they give me free stuff."
,Recommended,321360,17587059,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Vigoz,Very nice game with awesome graphics but it need some kind of matchmaking.It would be alot more easy if you could just search for a match.And a rank system would be awesome too :)
,Recommended,321360,17726328,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Vegito,Do I need to explain this? JUST BUY IT! xD
,Recommended,321360,20185194,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Stargazer,Best AFK game to DROP EXPENSIVE ITEMS ever.
76561198198078131,Recommended,321360,25717742,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Typ,"This is a decent game, not to bad, not to great. The only problems I had with it is that I expected to see it so that you go into battles that the company host, instead multiplayer is practically joining peoples servers that they run and when you find a decent server most people are always on dinosaur and will continously leave/join the game just to join the dinosaur sides which causing autobalance to rearrange way to often.It is my only complaint, if that doesn't bother you then don't let this review make you hesitate to buy."
,Recommended,321360,31195689,Posted: 17 April,all,Dziobalonta,The best game about dinosaurus I had ever seen!
,Recommended,321360,33802334,Posted: 25 July,all,POTaTOS,"2631 hours before I decided to quit, man this is my most played game! Congrats on getting me hooked for so long :D It's definately worth it"
76561198057123747,Not Recommended,321360,16877442,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Dracarys,Waste of money. Trash game is trash. Will never touch again.The original Primal Carnage was great. Then this whole early access 'brand new' game fiasco happened. Just a poorly made cluster♥♥♥♥ of microtransactions and weird roleplaying kids.Don't buy the game.
76561198271950301,Recommended,321360,20408499,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,myles_brannon,this game has been one of my dreams to have and now i finally have it.....the review is....10/10 BEST GAME IVE PLAYED SO FAR
,Recommended,321360,15617750,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Kenta Volkov,"A game to blow people's heads off.Well, dinosaur heads at least. There are two teams, the Humans and Dinosaurs.You can collect loot and cusomize your dinosaurs and human to which ever skins you manage to get from the Community market or a random drop. This game also has updates that comes out at great times for the players to enjoy more gameplay."
76561198165285763,Recommended,321360,15747876,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,rileytd2,"Well I love the first game, and I like what I saw from Extinction, but what I purchased on Steam was labeled as a 'Primal Carnage: Extinction Upgrade', although as soon as I went though the in-game store on Extinction and my current 'Inventory', I see that my DLC from the first game was not translated into extinction and I have to buy it all over again. I'm not sure if that is what was intended, but now I'm out that money that I spent previously and I had purchased everything..."
,Recommended,321360,16537393,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TheGamingTurtle CSOFFER.ME,love it
,Recommended,321360,17701713,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,「KILLER QUEEF」,"Very little of the problems with this game involve the gameplay, bugs, or anything related to the intended aspects of this game. Nearly all of the problems come from the community. (Except balancing. Dinosaurs win every round. Period.)1: Roleplay ServersYou might be lucky to find one highly populated server that is Team Deathmatch. I rarely see anyone in the Get To the Chopper gamemodes (both of which are very fun). Survival was just added, but definently needs some work.9/10 servers are ♥♥♥♥ing Freeroam/Roleplay servers. Littered with 10 year olds pretending to have their ""territories"" and anyone who doesn't want to sound like a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot just crouches around the Tyrants. I don't know WHY they prefer that♥♥♥♥♥♥over the base game.2: Overpriced MarketLook at the Market. Now look at maybe, I don't know, page 5. Or search ""Raptor"" or something. Chances are you will see two skins of the same ""rarity"" (Uncommon, Legendary, Rare, etc) having a price difference of over 40 USD. Don't get me wrong, the cosmetics are a fun little addition, but the tiny community that this game has gets to choose their prices.  Let's get an example (for the sake of the argument) that there are two skins for the Novaraptor. Blue skin, and Red skin. Blue skin could be a measily 4 cents. Awesome right? Look over at Red skin. 56 dollars. That's what happens when you let your tiny community choose the prices, because then you get this♥♥♥♥♥♥ The idiots who think they can cash in on that are a dime a dozen.So why am I recommending this game?The only way to fix these problems is to get more people playing. The larger the community, the more people will play with the action. The roleplayers can have their servers, and we will still have tons of servers playing GTTC and TDM. the prices will eventually lower themselves out. This will also allow more feedback to the developers to help with balancing."
,Recommended,321360,20314070,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,henrybadger,A decent multiplayer FPS with a dinosaur theme to it. 7/10
76561198273519539,Recommended,321360,20413559,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,lpoplin67,this game is a  fun and cool multiplayer game.I liked it beacause there are many dinos and humans to choose from and there are different game modes. If you like dinos and call of duty. GET THIS GAME!
76561198126749560,Recommended,321360,20440458,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Jace1937,Awesome graphics and a great game overall
,Recommended,321360,28612440,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[CWC]DylanDino2017 דילן די,"This is by far one of my favorite games. The only problems with it are: Why the heck cant you view your total kill count, the commando's rockets should be nerfed, and i think that they need to add a new human class, hopefully a medic-type class (just my opinioon, i know the dev team is small but it surely cant take thet long). And if the rockets arent nerfed, u should be limited to one. Also, they need an AFK feature."
76561198160675488,Recommended,321360,28648889,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,RainbowTacoTurtle,"Wonderful game, humans could use a buff, but can hold their own.  Pretty good graphics."
76561198260125757,Recommended,321360,30185393,Posted: 25 February,all,kacpik [PL],"Awesome game, awesome communiy, awesome skins <3 some mechanics need fixing but thats ok. I recommend it to everybody, event to not-dino gamer :)"
76561198149433380,Recommended,321360,31231341,Posted: 18 April,all,Mans Not Hot,is good
76561198364031553,Not Recommended,321360,31923380,Posted: 23 May,all,Lightning Mcqueer,ITS FUN BUT ITS THE MOST ONE SIDED GAME IVE EVER PLAYED
76561198164381638,Recommended,321360,31988006,Posted: 26 May,all,Spoopy Jose ghonzales,This game i fell is a little underated imo and its a fun game and its so simple you got dinosaurs and humans that fight and its     alot of fun to play i also like how it reminds a bit of tf2 in a good way. i wish it did not lag as much but overall it should get a 8/10
76561198320489328,Recommended,321360,32137964,Posted: 2 June,all,Frisk The Raptor,awesome game. Can't get enough of it
76561198188687673,Recommended,321360,34299805,Posted: 16 August,all,Brinks,"For those that are fans of dinos, this is an awesome game to play. It has a good amount of dinos, all of them being some of the best looking 3d models of dinos you will find, and all with a lot of different skins and cosmetics that are really good.Talking about the number of players, unfortunately, you won't find many people playing 'deathmatch' anymore but there are a lot of people playing in other custom servers, some with no kill modes where you can just mess around with other players.In the gameplay, the movement can be annoying sometimes as the dinos being a little hard to control and in some rare cases getting stuck in a wall or stop running for no reason."
76561198287351099,Not Recommended,321360,29792621,Posted: 8 February,all,Growing Implicit,"Good servers like Team Deathmatch and Get to the Chopper are fun but are almost always empty. The servers with the most players are the boring Free Roam servers where people just role play and do autistic things. The free roam servers are often run by 12 year old admins with down syndrome who kick you for breaking one of their many unnecessary rules and treat the server as if it is a virtual safe space. Overall, the game can be very challenging and intense at times which makes it worth playing but the cancerous community needs to simultaneously kill themselves."
76561198025803355,Recommended,321360,31280758,Posted: 21 April,all,azaad_zee,good game
76561198141228136,Recommended,321360,16235468,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Da Man!,It's a cool game but being in australian I have to play with 300 or go with out
76561198125409014,Not Recommended,321360,20359337,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GANDULF PLS,"""tell them why they should""A better question would be why you shouldnt.Im honestly not gonna waste any more of my time on this so in a nutshell:Its bland, plays bad, feels bad, boring as hell, balance is simply non existant whatsoever, everyone wants to play dino because of the latter, maps are cluttered to the max without adding anything meaningfull, graphics are quite outdated.Idk what else to say other then theres just nothing to it at all its just not worth your time or your money."
76561198052264608,Not Recommended,321360,25323638,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,THe ADHD Turnip,"Edit: 50% helpful?... nah you just salty cause im dissin your dino sex simulator lol.While I've had my fun, I just can't recommend PC:E ATM.PC:E has a lot of potential in making a great game. Unfortunately, developer limitations have unintentionally held this title back, which is understandable for such a small part-time developer team, they just dont have the time/money/resources. It's been over a year and no new TDM maps have been released, rubberbanding and lag compensation has been an issue (actually was better in beta), and bugs ie, grenade screen of death crash, server player count and gamemodes not being displayed correctly in server selection. Patches have been added for much needed blanace, but IMO, are not tested well before release, leaving a certain class buffed for a time until a patch is released.If you like Roleplaying as dinosaurs then perhaps this title is for you since 90% of servers are freeroam/ roleplay. Leaving us TDM players a narrow choice of decent 30 player servers which comprise of the map: docks 24/7. Which understanding is a server host issue not the game itself persay, it just gets stale after a while.Overall, PC:E feels like it's stuck in late Beta Limbo.Oh, and the screenshots shown do not match the actual gameplay."
,Recommended,321360,31204917,Posted: 17 April,all,AvaMayWolf,I liked the game but one problem i bought skins yesterday and today there gone i would love it if you fixed that glitch
76561198176481129,Recommended,321360,33670470,Posted: 20 July,all,tommy,this game is good
76561198202873475,Recommended,321360,30880998,Posted: 1 April,all,kaybug the dragon,awsome game i love it teh updates ARE I CANT EVEN EXPLAIN THERE SO COOL!!!!!!!!! pleas buy the game this game my life :D
,Not Recommended,321360,29432427,Posted: 22 January,all,Envy,Made £60 from selling overpriced skins on the market and used it to buy some actual good games.
76561198424176612,Recommended,321360,35186187,Posted: 24 September,all,GoatLordRS5,"I always wanted this game for years and i finally got it! IT'S AMAZING I TELL YOU! If they had just a little more dinos like: Allosaurus, tricerotops,stegosaurus,brachiasurus,ankylosaurus, and another bruiser would be the paralophosaurus.PLEASE ADD THOSE!"
76561198204355145,Recommended,321360,24046160,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,uaimmiau,Game is very good but I ve playedfor 4 h and didn t drop anything. But game is worth it.
,Recommended,321360,34990908,Posted: 16 September,all,Nova8126,I enjoy it
,Not Recommended,321360,14411104,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Canadian Bacon,"This game is pretty fun. Unfortunately, I have to give it a negative because of its community. I have never experience such an annoying group of people before. For starters, they have a very low tolerance for pretty much anything. Camping, swearing, T-bagging, idling, pretty much anything that you find in every other game will get you banned off servers in this game.If you like dinosaurs, that's great. However, you should probably avoid this game because the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ community you'll be playing with online. Definitely not the kind of people you'll want to be friends with."
76561197978961959,Not Recommended,321360,13224858,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Baarf,"Nov 16 2015Still cannot recommend this game. Few of the developers are pretty rude with the community and, to me, that looks bad on the company.It has been 6 months and we finally get an update... which was honestly a step back in appeal for me. I felt that the graphics changes looked worse than they were. Gameplay still seemed very clunky and not very well balanced. Still does not force swap people between rounds to the opposite of what you were playing, causing many people to get stuck not being able to play both sides.Dec 4 2014:At the moment, I can honestly say I can't recommend this game. I know it is in final stages of development, and everyone argues ""it is still in beta, blah blah blah""... but the devs stated many times about all the improvements they have made, all the bugs they have fixed from the previous game... They also stated that the original finished game release was the end of Nov, the 10th being the final beta (meaning they said it was done) and the only reason it was not was because they were sorting out the discount issue, not because the game was a mess.http://primalcarnage.com/primal-carnage-extinction/- look at the news on Oct 27https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dnf3omytlAA- 3:10 into the interview, they state the release (not beta, finished product)... so all the people still defending that this is ""just an in development product"" can take a look at what Circle 5 themselves said about it.Anyway, the game launches and this is what happens:-I load the game up after a brief and easy install. YAY!-Server list is so broken, even the fields of what type of server/map they are were not displaying... took several attempts to connect to a server. Server crashes 12 seconds in. Every server seems to be crashing constantly, no matter how light of a load. We then find out there is no option to run our own dedicated servers and are being forced to use theirs... which are crashing. When they finally stabalized a little bit, they gradually become too laggy to play (the gradual build up to it made me believe it was software related)After playing for a few hours and dealing with every time a server crashed, having to completely reload the game instead of just refresh the server list, this is what I experienced:-Horrible clipping issues;-Collision is all sorts of odd from what we were used to;-Aim system seems to have changed (some may like it, but I do not). If you change the way something like that works, it is nice if you install a bigger indicator of when you are most likely to hit your target. Especially with melee attacks (does not seem to be as simple as center of the screen is hit radius, seems to be based somewhat on direction the rest of your body is facing, even if contradicting the camera);-Range limit is rediculously short... assault rifles should be able to shoot more than 20 feet (makes it hard to get a bird to drop their victim)... sniper's rounds shouldn't vanish after 50 feet;-Corpses shouldn't get stuck to your shoe as if it was an untied shoelace and flop all over in unnatural ways...;-Obstacles such as ladders and boxes have been replaced by nice big ramps;-As far as the texture overhaul... I feel like I am playing with plastic soldiers and toy scenary, lot of white shine on everything;-I can circle around and melee down a T-Rex every time instead of actually being afraid of them now;-Spitters are fun to try to figure out where you are shooting because the projectile blends in well until it splatters, leaving neon smurdges everywhere;-Some players had their mouse way too sensitive, mine was way too slow even at max speed in game and on the device. I couldn't turn fast enough to follow targets... turned into a spray and pray;-I have not seen players get side switched at the half round mark, now they just have to pick which team at the half round mark... making it unfair for ppl that are slower to pick;-Seems to take several shots to get a raptor to release after pouncing, when previously it was just one needed to distract it enough to let go;-When I get picked up by a pteradactyl, I feel like I will actually have a seizure because of the spazzy movement;-Bonus item system seems a little ree-ree... is either completely random who wins stuff, or there is some strange method behind it. Either way, we were told we would not be able to open the crates (that we win in game, with the item inside it) without buying a key with real money. Seems stupid to have to pay for an item you already won.-Even the in game chat was not functional. Any time you hit T, it would close out the text field. If you took more than 10 seconds to type, it would close the text field and you lost what you wrote.These are even just the things I can remember at 7am after staying up all night.All in all, I know there was a LOT of work put in this. I hope it gets better in the future. I know lots of ppl will be satisfied with it and the way the company backing it thinks. I just can't recommend this in the current conditions or near future based on the track record of recieving any updates from the devs."
76561198279930599,Recommended,321360,22817556,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Zinogre Vanguard,"""This game will make you keep playing, it's fun."""
76561198049689227,Not Recommended,321360,13668175,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sir Lord McSassyPants,"I will update this review as the development progresses. - In its current state I would not recommend it because it is practically unplayable with the glitches and server instabilities but keep checking in since the game has huge potential.Update: (12/28/2014)Here are my gripes:-The Pteradon grab is way too easy now making them ridiculously more threatening than they should be.-The fact that a T-Rex can spawn with less than 10 players makes it nearly impossible for humans to survive, there aren't enough people to provide the damage output required to take them down.-There is currently no auto-balancing (at least not that I noticed) and we had teams of 7 humans vs 14 dinos-My friends and I tried 4 different servers of various pings (and even hosting our own) and the rubber banding was ridiculous to the point where sniping is impossible and the trapper might as well put the net gun away. Normally I would assume this is the local machine's issue or my own network, however three different friends from three different IP addresses using three differently powered machines all had outlandish server instabilities making the game more frustrating to play than fun.-Raptors no longer use stamina to jump allowing them to spam their jump constantly making them impossible to hit.-I'm not sure if I just don't have the item or not, but the removal of melee attacks from the humans makes close combat impossible for the humans.However, these are new features of the game that I enjoy and why I want to keep checking in during the development of the game:-The loadout system is nice and allows for different classes to be tweaked for an individual need-The sub-classes of dinosaurs are a nice touch and allows balance for the dino team vs the human team's loadouts-The addition of a side arm adds utility for some of the classes that didn't have one (like the commando)-The ability to get unlockables from playing grants replay value and a goal to keep playing, it is also fun to actually unlock something as you play that you can use in the game."
,Not Recommended,321360,13254055,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Daven ~,"It's just broken. I feel ripped off, after waiting for the ""recode"" that devs promised for a year. Instead they release this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ no words. I don't care if it's on early access, devs have proven that they are just a bunch of scammers, don't expect much improvement."
76561198074056525,Recommended,321360,13222269,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mayday,Yes Yes Yes best game i have ever seen
,Not Recommended,321360,23569336,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Capt.Cliff,"PCE is a fast paced, wild & chaotic game. The war between man & Dino's just rages so expect to kill & be killed, hunt & be hunted - all rather quickly. A great improvement to its predecessor PC, it offers elements of PC + its own; making it a great game of its kind.Now sadly, the dissapointments. (Playin 700+ hours ya do notice a few things) Its so full of bugs, inbalancies & unfairness I just wouldnt even know where to start. In fact the list is as long has your arm. Big updates have come thru but no issues are being solved. Ironically, new bugs have developed. So we got new on top of old now.A game is only as good as the Devs who create & support it. These Devs are very poor indeed. Despite countless comments they wont react to any issues - even in the way of just short burst fixes!!Whats now worse since update 1.6.2, the team selection as been removed for certain game modes. Which means your stuck with whatever side human/dino your put in until the following round. Then your not guaranteed a side swap - if the map changes. Non team selection was to target dino hoggin - players always being dino - but TBH its causing more hassle than its worth.Wrapping it up, would I recommend it? Based on all the above, simply NO ATM. Which is guttin cus its gr8. A little contradicting cus of the hours invested. I just want it to be gr8."
76561198105480744,Recommended,321360,14858457,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,TheIndieAnimal,"i waited a while to get this game and never really played the original, but i am loving this game. i was so excited to play because i love dinosaurs. the features, stages and amazingly fun classes fill this game with both variety and beauty. i really love the design and graphics it makes the game very beautiful, and i have played with so many fun people aswell. the only downside to my enjoyment however is that the popularity of loot servers leaves the other servers practically empty, but i don't really mind. i do indeed recommend getting this game, and i have only played for a few weeks so i am eager play some more..."
76561198119627632,Not Recommended,321360,14947449,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,.°✧Naoto-Kun✧°.,"In my opinion, it was fun at first. But as time went by and more patches came by, This game is pretty much going to waste. This game is pretty much people playing just for skins now while they idle or just afk. There's barely any good servers since now there's nothing but loot servers where loots doesn't even come from many hours later..Game still needs more improvement as it's still broken. Im not trying to bash on the game or the developers, but im just saying in my opinion. As of right now dont waste your time on buying it"
76561198274525723,Not Recommended,321360,31965567,Posted: 25 May,all,jukebox,"This game is fun........IF YOU LIKE STUPID ROLEPLAYING ROMANCE. the point is this game ""was"" fun but then the roleplay kids came in to kill this game... just remove the make your server or just remove the no kill stuff.   btw im bad at english"
76561198055364738,Not Recommended,321360,16506220,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,(• ◡•) <(BeepBoop),"At first knowledge of this game I was promised it was an update for the original Primal Carnage. What tearned out to be well ""a load of poo poo"". So not the best start. But they promised that all existing owners would get a discount, so I decided that my 400 hours on the original Primal will not go to waste. So I got this game and excitedly installed it, I could not wait. But after 30 minutes of playing it. Well dayum...  What happened man D:   The game was buggy, the graphics I felt where worst then before (I know graphics dont make a game, but it helps). I did try to get into it but the glitches where to bad. The Game literally crashed more then the carnos. At this point I decided to never touch it again.So after a year, I was feeling brave, my heart full of forgivence, maybe I was being to hard on this game, I noticed other people playing it, so surely there was something to it right? And I found out there was a whole new system to get items as rewards, then I realised it required money, what I feel is a bit of a scam, but I was not discouraged, I must ride on!After a little while of playing I see they have fixed many of the original glitches, but... I dont think that counts for much when you replace them with a whole bunch of new glitches. But you know, I thaught that maybe instead of playing this competively, maybe its more of a game for just a laugh with a bunch of friends. So I decided to try join my friend in the game they where on. And at this point of me riding ever deeper, I feel my horse must have snapped its leg because here it went all wrong.Just by trying to join a game, the whole game crashed, I was not able to window out of it, even the legendery ""Ctrl, Alt, Delete""  had failed me! In the end I had to resort to turning off my pc by the switch, whats the ultimate Taboo in the land of Pc. After this I had problems even getting my pc back on, what I can't entirely blame on the game.. but I havent ever had that problem with any other games soo....Anyway here is where my Adventure ended, at this point my ""nope"" levels where to dangerously high and I had no choice but to remove the game from steam. Maybe one day I will try the game again, but its gonna take a lot of convincing for me to even install it again now.As for a rating, I would give it:    1 goldfish / 20 SharksOne of my lowest ratings for any game yet sadly :sGoodluck to this game for the future but...Anyone who is thinking about buying it, RUN NOW, BE FREE!! Dont fall into the trap in which I did D:Thnx for Readingps. Also all dem fanboys be giving me an old thumbs down on my review. I question why you would say this is a bad review since I have been truthfull all the way though. Mehh never understimate the power of fanboys.~Benguin"
,Recommended,321360,14391461,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Rainbow Cookie,*Joins random server and spawns near a t-rex and gets eaten*Best game ever made  11/10 would play again over and over.
,Recommended,321360,13488450,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The Awesome Overlord,Most initial issues are fixed and the new dinosaurs like Acro are awesome. My only beef is that the crates are far too common as drops
,Not Recommended,321360,23403919,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Pelestence,"At the moment, I can't recommend this game. I know this game will get better, the developers are trying as hard as they can and I respect that. I will change my review once the problems are adressed.PROS:-Very visually pleasing, good graphics.-Nice variety of skins/workshop.-Maps are well made and overall very aesthetically pleasing.-Fun gameplay as both humans and dinosaurs.-Great developers who try their best to help the community.CONS:-The lack of TDM servers (Team deathmatch)-Overwhelming amounts of Free Roam/Role play servers.-Some of the maps seem to be unbalanced towards teams. Dinosaur/human advantages.-Loot and skins. I love the skins personally, but they're way too expensive on the market. (Up to 100$ USD)-Unbalanced classes.One of the greatest things that I have a problem with is the repetitiveness. TDM is fun, but there's only about 2-5 of those open and the rest are free roam. I want to play hunt, gttc, or many other great gamemodes but usually there''s never any servers like that open or with people playing them.Overall: This game is great but also has it's downsides which weighs more than the pros. I still have high hopes."
76561198207757120,Recommended,321360,14722320,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,KingJow,"Very recommended, this game is so fun, makes you happy, makes you a dinosaur fan. and i am a HUGE fan of dinosaurs. Specially when i play this game."
76561198083120305,Recommended,321360,13243961,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Orekt,Greates Game EVAH!
76561198083919312,Recommended,321360,16038743,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,CuteReaper,PUENIS :D
76561198168644659,Recommended,321360,15489400,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[-KaiGamez-],Played 10 hours in 3 days. Wow. This game is one good one. I cant explain. All I can say is you NEED this game in your Steam library. If could meet the devs I would scream in their faces: HOW DID YOU MAKE SUCH AN AWESOME GAME!!!Read my Primal Carnage review for more details.I like eating humans whole.
,Not Recommended,321360,28794051,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ray1187,Got banned from every active server for doing nothing wrongdon't buy.
76561198164381617,Recommended,321360,22518266,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,LHunterr,pretty damn good
76561198302638271,Recommended,321360,22926927,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Gecko,Its a good game.
76561198048406921,Recommended,321360,13225771,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Ting Tong Maka Dang-Dang,fun
,Recommended,321360,23721736,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,TheMothEater,Adding free roam to the game has been the death of the game basically. I'll keep hoping for a story mode
,Recommended,321360,13233722,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Velten,"This has been a lot of fun for an early release game.The game is beautiful and the new content has been exciting to explore.There are expectedly some issues with the game including handling of characters, unbalanced character strengths, the loot system etc. I feel that the pros outweight the cons, and am excited to see it grow and become what it will be. There is so much potential in this game.They're releasing updates fairly regularly to fix the issues and I have a lot of fun playing. I'd suggest you get this game if you don't already own it."
,Recommended,321360,23078571,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Frisk,I really like this game out of my other two because of the amazing graphics and how they put in alot of detail into it.
,Not Recommended,321360,23144415,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,pallinkarvarusetti,Boring deathmatch only game.
76561198124100662,Not Recommended,321360,23415394,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Primal Chaos,went on the game 9 months ago on my old laptop didnt see my skins on game but they were still there in my steam inventory THEN I got a new computer STILL MY SKINS ARE GONE THIS IS WHY I DONT RECOMEND THIS UGH SO ANNOYED SOMEONE FIX THIS OR IM GETTING A REFUND WASTE OF MONEY I TELL YOU
,Not Recommended,321360,21063103,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,♥ Spoob Moobie,-Don't buy unless you want to be pulled into stupid drama.
,Recommended,321360,14386511,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Gama [Zuperbuu],"-EDITED AFTER OFFICIAL RELEASE-Would give neutral review status, but said button does not exist.I previously said this game was a slight improvement on Primal Carnage, but now I take that back completely. It's reverted to being just like it use to be on PC, only now it has slightly improved performance (Graphics-wise) and an inventory system.Only 2 new modes are introducted in the game at present; dino deathmatch (dino vs dino, but it is very buggy) and FreeRoam (no timelimit, no killcount.) Both modes are enjoyable but aren't without their faults; Dino Deathmatch limits the player to using the raptor, ptera, diloph and carno classes since the rex bite and tail whip have little effect and can easily be brought down by a pack of raptors. FreeRoam's only drawback is how boring it can become if nobody is roleplaying or if there is no prey to hunt; a much needed addition to FreeRoam to maximise its potential is bots for prey. I STILL hope this will be added eventually.The graphics are roughly the same as PC, but are far less taxing on a machine and allow for better performance (we FINALLY got support for 32bit! No more crashing maps because of a bitwar mess!).Sound hasn't changed; the sub-classes minus the Spinosaurus all reuse their dominant class soundfiles, and on some occasions the sound comepletely vanishes from the game with no logical explination or reason, and a restart is the only solution. (They say it is fixed, but it isn't.)Next on my list is the item drops; the skins, while a nice twist to drops, are mainly generic recolours of existing skins and some actually remove your camo and make you stick out like a sore thumb in maps. Not at all handy for a stealthy raptor or diloph...but the skins do look nice, they're just not that practical. The skin-system is also a monopoly, with players able to ""farm"" multiple crates and skins using a bot rather than playing themselves, and then selling the rarest skins for insane prices. Personally I would rather just buy the skin DLC like in previous PC, since I don't have the time or motive to farm for the ones I want, but I do see the appeal in keeping one skin set and ditching the ones you couldn't care less about.So I don't hate the item-drop system, it's just the way the prices go insanely out of control, but then that's the players fault and not the developers.Speaking of players...The biggest issue with this game is it's community; the roleplaying section of the group is great! The people are friendly, the games are fun, but sadly this game is actually a FPS/PvP game and does NOT have what is nessecary for an MMORPG like many people want (a dinosaur and human MMO would be great!)So while I do like going on FreeRoam servers for the occasional RP, I also like to go into the basics this game was originally supposed to have; sadly many of these servers are empty or are full of item farmers, children who clearly migrated from TF2 for the loot, or bots that have wound up on the wrong server to farm for items.There are also still many issues still not fixed in this game that have been repeatedly addressed by the community.Old score: 7/10 (It was fun and buggy) My final overall score: 5/10. (Meh.)+Like the new modes and maps+Finally can have games with unlimited dinosaurs or no humans at all!+Still easy to play, but has a LOT of bugs (so it can be frustrating at times)+Skin drops are a good addition but are a bit out of control-Key prices are a silly price; £1.99 per skin or object from a crate, when you can buy a skinpack for the same price?-new sounds should be on the sub-classes instead of reusing their primary classes (STILL an issue!)-some skins are unpractical and the drop system is still messed up even after patching-sound and some animations randomly break-unusual lag in areas containing rain make those maps unplayable-chatbox vanishes too quickly and does not maintain previous chat if a game suddenly ends and a new one begins.-Item farmers in Get To the Chopper and Team Deathmatch can ruin those games (we call them ""Empty players"" or just ""Empties"").-Not enough reliable servers; many are laggy, the balance of FreeRoam, Team Deathmatch (Dino Deathmatch included) and Get To The Chopper are ridiculous and some servers will randomly crash and remain down all day.-Unresolved, reported, bugs and issues have caused many players to abandon the game and thus reduce the amount of players. Don't expect a server besides Item Farming ones to be completely full.So...should you buy this game? AT any price but 1 of your currecny (be it Euro, Dollar or Pound) I would say no; get it when it's dirt-cheap or when it's free to play. Full-price is simply not worth it considering it is like PC only with item-drops and a few (and I say it again; FEW) new features."
76561198046699303,Recommended,321360,16232129,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,The Black Muse,"Let me just say the Dino models are beautiful.The new Acro is just beautiful, smooth and lifelike.Im a huge dinosaur buff, and having this game introduce more non mainstream dinosaurs to players is a big plus.However, I just logged on and nobody has their server updated.there were a few, one seemed to be free roam and the other was team death matchi heard word the community is being overrun by Roleplayers who try to turn TDM servers into roleplayProposterous!!WE NEED A DINO REVOLUTION!!!VIVE LE FRANCE!!!"
76561198293633599,Recommended,321360,32358209,Posted: 11 June,all,*_ArrowRipterus_*,WAY BETTER THAN THE NORMAL ONE! More amazing skins.
,Recommended,321360,22773229,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Budgie,its a good game but the devs really need to fix the rapter pounce bug tho
,Recommended,321360,23592347,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,♤ Níðhöggr ♤,Asyou can see i have many hours on this game....its amazing....love the community and the design of thengame too 10/10
,Recommended,321360,13578738,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,~MISTRESS~YumYums,"I finnaly got to download and play this game. As a huge fan of the first and man hundreds of hours or gameplay on it, I am a bit sadden on the quality of the new game. I am not a fan of the slow moving dino heads and head bobbing. Also the graphics are hazy and the over all apperence is less sharp then the first. I am hoping this is just because its still in beta and things will get better. Other then that I love the new maps and the dino skins. Thank you for the Free Roam. As an RP player mainly, that made me smile :)"
76561198153726665,Recommended,321360,14024869,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,A SEXY TURKEY,Its finnaly out of early access and coming with acrocanthosaurus and they finnaly fix trappers but auto will still be a pain for new people who get it but othen than that and the lag this game is pretty much balanced humans have now a better chances of winning against dinos.
76561198153553717,Recommended,321360,19901308,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TheAnimeGeekGirl,10/10 llamas
76561198011978083,Recommended,321360,14628225,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Da Lawyah,Great game but not without it's issue.Needs to be better balancing between nerfing and OP.... struggles to find that middle ground (Ptera for example)Still a fun game with a lot of potential.Check out my PCE playlisthttp://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlVDG1tX-BU64BXqQyIxK2BrrmUtSDGs1for more detailed reviews and gamep[ay footage.
,Recommended,321360,14709963,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,8bit_Chris,Game needs inprovments!!!i understand that this game is still in alpha.It has pottential.But i encountered many times many missing textures. Please fix this.
76561198201440637,Recommended,321360,28568685,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Nega Sonic Nigga Hoe,if you like dino you willl love this
76561198124404207,Recommended,321360,24119169,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SpookyPancakes,"1. Starts PC:E2. Joins a TDM Server3. Selects Human team4. Chooses Trapper5. Spawns right in front of a T-Rex, Acro, and a Spino.6. Gets Eaten by the Rex7. Round ends8. 10/10 game would recommend"
,Recommended,321360,23281886,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,✦Ʀ0sυßlαh⛧,It reminds me of many dinosaur movies
76561198029640083,Recommended,321360,23411602,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Gheist,"So.....what did I have to pay 20 dollars to upgrade my current copy  for? If the price of the standalone game is 20$ then whats the benefit of upgrading my original copy as oppose to just buying a new one? I like this game, but this seemed like a♥♥♥♥♥♥move  on their part."
,Recommended,321360,13855179,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Anatole,"This game is hella fun. The dinos need a bit of balancing but as soon as it's done, it'll be the best dinosaur game on steam!"
,Not Recommended,321360,20976052,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,special egg,This game is very disappointing when compared to the first onecons:-many bugs-was originally supposed to be an update to the first-horrible community-mostly roleplayers playing now-full of annoying 9 year olds-overall not nearly as good as the firstpros:-new dinos-good graphicsStick with the first one.
76561198116530045,Recommended,321360,23194914,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Shadow_Fang,Fun Game. Good Graphics. Everything about this game is fun especially getting skins.
,Not Recommended,321360,27253599,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nebs | Erik,"Horrible game. Survival mode is broken. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ balancing, you get spawned outside of the map.I would not recommend you buying this. Play orion prelude, thats a bad game but atleast you can play it."
76561198084930489,Recommended,321360,30318636,Posted: 4 March,all,CODE LYOKO,Spoicy Meme
,Recommended,321360,25102304,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FuzzyRedFox,We need more games like this. :3
,Not Recommended,321360,26398967,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Uncle Euron,PLEASEEE FIX THE FATAL ERROR
,Recommended,321360,34642964,Posted: 31 August,all,THE_CARNIFEX_KING,u get an acheivement 10/10 best game would say please again
76561198156178153,Not Recommended,321360,24014251,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Alfie (Memeour),"The community of this game rp's about dinosaur sex and dinosaur fights.Besides the cringe, the game has a chance to give you expensive skins after awhile, which is how I afforded the new DOOM game.The game literally gives you high tier items for nothing, albeit it has a small chance of happening, but it's still if you don't like the game you can always profit off it.2/10- Community is cancer but the game gave me expensive items as an apology. Thanks game for helping me buy stuff I like."
,Not Recommended,321360,24096954,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kangaroo,"Poor optimization, bad graphics quality, (GTX 970, my computer is not the problem) and too many vets to play. Not too hard, but more of a war than a game if you really want to get some kills. Not the most amount of content either. TF2 has 2x, heck even 3x the amount of content too. And its free. The only thing different about this is dinos. Nothing else is new/different from other games."
,Recommended,321360,29610237,Posted: 31 January,all,SabreTheAlligator☢☣☠,"Great game, great graphics, AWESOME skins, fun people to meet and play with.But....pls, don't play freeroam, the people that play on that gamemode are cheaters, unfair, noobs...The fair people are mostly the ones that play team deathmatch!"
,Recommended,321360,17772884,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Compy The Fluffy Foxtard,10/10Got a feathered raptor that looks like a watermelon
,Recommended,321360,23594712,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Shylie Akkerman,"Dinosaurs have been resurrected from extinction on a remote tropical island. Now they have escaped, and a team of elite mercenaries has been dispatched to remove the threat.The stage is set for the ultimate battle between man and beast."
,Recommended,321360,19764159,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,CheekyChan,"It's a good game if you can find some decent PVP servers. 99% of servers are roleplay servers.In of which, I've seen dinosaurs of all types and inter-species mixes in multiple sexual positions and their explicit and detailed actions typed out in chat for the entire 24 man server to view. I was also accused of being a sexual offender and stalker and banned/kicked from multiple servers for managing to accidentally catch these dirty dinos in the act and being reported by those players for harassment and the psychological trauma that comes with needing to find a new place to fulfill their life long dream of creating a Jurassic Park sex tape."
76561198239193166,Recommended,321360,20048186,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,W.D Gaster,B                    EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE                           S                          TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT                    G                       AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA                                   M                        EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE                E                                  VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV              E                 RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR                  H     IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII             G                 HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH                    L      Y              RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR                E          CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC           O                 MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM              E                NNNNNNNNNNNNNN                          DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198042307005,Recommended,321360,21971072,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ben Dover,don't play this without the influence of performance enhancers.
76561198195786894,Recommended,321360,15872185,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,dinoguy168,"this game is so much fun, i can't stop playing."
,Recommended,321360,16316422,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,JamesParty,Da dinos be eatin my lunch burger from mcdolands so i fried their lugs and made mi mum eat tem.
,Recommended,321360,16034017,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,crystal,yes i love this game but i wish i got recieved for a brimestone feathered rapter plz let me receive one
76561198051449458,Recommended,321360,13237747,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kreide,"A much needed rehaul of what the game used to be, as others will state that this is still ""Beta"" I can only be so harsh on my Cons of the game. But lets start with the prosPros:-Everything looks much more detailed-Loot system, who doesn't love loot-Loading screens with hints and how-to's between each loading point gives the game a bit of background besides mindless dino/human killing-Every class has a seondary of some sort now, nice desert eagles lol.-Ammo and health packs from the commando and scientist make it a bit easier to say in top shape on the move and when you are low on one or the other, the ground supply crates glow a bit to show you where to go.Now for the cons which most of my issues aren't from the bugs but how they changed up the classes as well as the gameplay itselfCons:-No longer a timer on Rex or spino after death, or a limited ammount...saw 3 spinos running around at one point.-Took away the grenade for the flamethrower dude (his name escapes me atm) and gave him a molotov...which doesn'tdo much. That nade had so much going for that class, it gave the humans that bit of power it was lacking. Also i feel the chainsaw isn't up to snuff, kinda week atm.-Took away melee for all humans except for the trapper, which you have to right click a trapped dino to insta kill.-Scopeing in with the sniper seems a bit too narrow of vision-No more auto balancing....becuase we like being spawncamped by a team of 6 dinos when we only have 3 people-Ptrea...made it too easy to just grab people and fly off, used to be a challenge to swoop down and grab someone...now its just if you are close enough its good. Also its marker, doesn't seem to work atm, or atleast for me.-Raptor, I kinda like the fact you can't just spam right click and get the kill now, you have to aim it...but at the same time that aimer is a bit misleading, along with the fact the raptor has to arc his jump super high before he can land...which makes you a nice target for pathfinders. Maybe make the marker only go out so far, and put the raptors natural arc with it?All and all I enjoy dinos, I enjoy dino games, if they keep at it I'm sure the game will get its deserved balance. Give it time people and things will eventually come full circle."
76561198117911773,Recommended,321360,16260188,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Rune,This is a really fun game and i think you should get it but remember it is not fun without friends and some matches are buggy but overall 9.9 out of 10 :)
76561198111403595,Recommended,321360,24737380,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,a Tyrannosaurus rex,"I absolutely adore this game! The gameplay is amazing, and like others have said PC:E's community is wonderful. Many skins are good looking, and the fact that plenty are added from the workshop just makes them all the more brilliant."
,Recommended,321360,33919146,Posted: 30 July,all,thot patrol,10/10
,Recommended,321360,24045707,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,⚡Massimo⚡,This is one of those games where I won't play it as a main game but as a laugh out loud derp around scenario.  10/10
,Recommended,321360,28167243,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Spooky Scary Tyrant,"I dont understand why people barely play it, only 2000 reviews. This game deserves alot more attention, your either a dinosaur hunting all the humans down with your special talents such as pouncing, Sniffing them out, And various other abilitys for each dinosaur. Or your a human with unique weapons and classes, the pyro [You kill your enemys by burning them with fire] Trapper [My personal favorite, you can net raptors or pteradons to capture them then kill them] Sniper [Snipe the biggest enemys from afar] The Commando [You have a powerfull gun and grenade launcher, ready to kill any Tyrant! (Trex, spinosaurus, arco, etc)]  And pathfinder. You can see what that does yourself by getting the game c:Or your a dinosaur hunting every human that defys you with a variety of unique skins and taunts. There is also a variety of dinosaurs to play as. Such as: T-rex, Spinosaurus, Novaraptor, Oviraptor, Pteradon, tupandactly, carnotasaurus, and acro..saurus..? Each of them has their own special ability like pouncing, Rising their attack, sniffing out humans, make your attack faster, and carrying humans up to the sky to make sure they meet their demise.Overall its a great game, and needs alot more attention! If your into dinosaurs, buy this game."
76561198371167355,Recommended,321360,34838308,Posted: 9 September,all,waltdisney,awesome but very laggy on full screen
76561198023542349,Recommended,321360,34850571,Posted: 9 September,all,mark_furber,The graphics over all are great. But it lags a lot of the time.
,Recommended,321360,29966300,Posted: 16 February,all,Meow :3,"Great game. Good graphics, attention to detail.  Just what I love. P.s a few more human casses would be nice"
,Not Recommended,321360,35057908,Posted: 18 September,all,♠Max♠,♥♥♥♥♥♥ry at it's Best state. Primal carnage is full of Roleplaying 10 year olds and mostly all the server admins are ♥♥♥♥ing salty as hell.
,Recommended,321360,13726149,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,𝔓𝔯𝑦𝔬 𝓘𝔰 𝓗𝔦𝔤𝔥,best game along with the original game
,Recommended,321360,13752949,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,<ƶᴑ◯̄ᴑɱōℜα¡[==◦,7/10
,Recommended,321360,14394154,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Stella Bevelix,Fantastic!!! Good graphics with a nice gameplay.
,Recommended,321360,14085915,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,I AM THE RNG,good game and controls as well r8 7/8
76561198121693000,Recommended,321360,25324057,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Lark,"wasting money on skins, no life.great game, everyone should play it :D"
76561198208280860,Recommended,321360,16347444,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,the_mad_doctor,Dinos. 5/5
,Recommended,321360,25805681,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,bombbaby,yaw nigguh
,Recommended,321360,21714753,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Vuk300,best walking with dinosaurs-owerpriced skin simulator of 2056 (10/10 IGN)  (but really why is there so much people just walking around living their lifelong dream of being a dinosaur)
76561198158026761,Recommended,321360,28732337,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ungoliant,Amazing game! Spent tons of hours on it.
76561198187738998,Recommended,321360,27888765,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AThinkingDoge,This is one of the best games i've played.Thats all i have to say.
76561198104999545,Recommended,321360,14460559,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,straingeguy1,great game sum bugs though but still brilliant reccomended!
76561198174501809,Recommended,321360,14379227,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,LesSpookyDilophosaurus,A highly rendered graphic first person-third person team vs team about dinosaurs and humans.The volcano rex and spino are very impressive skins
,Recommended,321360,14282040,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Pfeffa-Rah,Dinosaurs vs humans with an all-new engine and better graphics with new and reimagined maps. Serously play it to be a t-rex and eat people or a ptera and fly! (i.e. troll)
76561198088155117,Recommended,321360,14599632,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,GruesomePolecat,Game is off to a good start but has a long way to go.
,Recommended,321360,21436086,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,cheez_nipz,I Love This Game So Much :)
76561198202554099,Recommended,321360,21872422,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,The Sniping Raptor,Nice game
76561198116367773,Recommended,321360,16507115,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Baka Dogma,best game ever
76561198128196588,Recommended,321360,19660129,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,LegendaryGravitySpikes,This game is so good and cool
76561198042558145,Recommended,321360,14874276,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,GameNLad,"A Little Broken in little bit, but i'd perfer it broken, makes for more funny moments.1000000/10!"
,Recommended,321360,14694531,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Blood.Soul.$.$.$,this game is so fun it has more skins and new maps
76561198071032575,Recommended,321360,28760494,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Phillydogs[OT],10/10 fun to play
76561198067666294,Recommended,321360,28263694,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Richard Nixon,"Two things I love in video games,Double barrel shotguns,And Dinosaurs.....This one has both."
,Recommended,321360,24762181,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Napoleon,it's ok
76561198147624554,Recommended,321360,28468968,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,AUTOBOSS,IT IS SOOOOOO ADDICTING AND FUN I REECCOMEND PLAYING THE RAPTOR FIRST FOR BEGINERS
76561198253826586,Recommended,321360,23834172,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Terex,"It is fun,batter optimized than first version,fun,but the teams are not balanced on all servers.But cool enought in my oppinion!"
76561198162766069,Recommended,321360,19517654,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,enemydinoroar,Love it i really loved it if they added the ostafrikasaurus to the game PLZ DOfor eating animation it can bite then go back in fowered with the humaned in ther mouth then eat them and secanday attack will be a roar that blows the humands away
76561198068703248,Recommended,321360,33910881,Posted: 30 July,all,Biø,"Got an achievement for saying ""Hello, Drug dealer? I would like one drugs please!"".10/10"
76561198087059060,Not Recommended,321360,25977022,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,creatura05,"This game used to be good when it was Primal Carnage, but it spoiled and died really quick. Between the buggy pounces, usually horrid community and the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥balancing of this game, I don't think i could ever recommend this. You hear of all these freeroam servers, and I'll tell you why that is, THE ACTUAL GAME SUCKS. Seriously, the majority of actual gamemodes favor one side, and even if you're on the winnign side odds are you're gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the end of the round. I don't think I've ever had any decent fun in this, and I can tell you right now that when Saurian comes out and The Isle is fleshed out this game will probably die. There was nothing wrong with the old 'humans rely on groups' strategy of the old game, but now these superhumans can tank blows from a 5,500 beast or keeping up with what would be fast little dilos despite humans irl being better at endurance than speed."
,Recommended,321360,27002190,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vis,"Since this game is so cheap as of now, I might as well re-write my review for users who are considering getting this game.As of now, I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes Dinosaur related games. The models implemented in this game are very well put together, but some are still not accurate. Which isn't really a problem seeing as this game was intended to be a Player v Dino / Dino v Dino Shooter.If you are really into the FPS games, at this very moment I only know of ONE active TDM server that allows you to level your profile in-game. All the other are either empty or just gone. The most active servers at the moment are freeroam servers. As you can imagin, it's mostly filled with people who like to chill around or Roleplay. I myself currently moderate a freeroam server, this particular server allows killing, but is a freeroam only server. If you are intrested in this server type, I suggest going to Nightmare's Garden | Encore or KG's Kill and Chill.If you're into the Roleplaying scene, there is only one major server that allows it. You can imagine since there are mostly young childeren playing this game, there are some pretty cringy Roleplays going on in them.Finally, overall I guess I would suggest getting this game for the price, it is a very great deal, as it probably won't be any lower this year unless christmas sales affect it. I've gotten to know plenty of friendly people, and some bad one's as well (Every community has its bad sides).If you do end up buying this game. Happy Gaming!"
76561198202495580,Recommended,321360,22403777,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SuctionCupMan,"10/10 Seriously, I have met so many great friends and continue to every day. It has one of the most balanced Class systems i have ever scene and is such a great game for thos of you RP out there. I honestly think this is one of those few games that has a sertain, Spark that makes it great!"
,Recommended,321360,22344390,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,WolfCam02,THE MELEE IS BACK! this is better than primal carnage 1 now plus theres more dinosaurs in updates O-O
,Recommended,321360,21657714,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,reckl・ss,it good :)
76561198145378245,Recommended,321360,22247454,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,da-guy-gamer,Yes I do recomend itFirstly if you love dinosaurs and team deathmatch based games then this is perfectsecondly you just need to practise as a human and they will be balancedand ya good game
,Recommended,321360,22263643,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Coldy,THIS IS AWESOME
76561198121542220,Recommended,321360,13267187,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Phillip,definately better than the first one because of the massive variety of different dinosaurs and the worlds look amazing!!!
,Recommended,321360,31540217,Posted: 4 May,all,(DLG) The Mystic One,I love this game but recently when i went to play it today ALL MY STUFF WAS GONE All my feathered skins all my legendary and All the money ive used on this game is gone! I played it  yesterday and everything was ok but NOW IVE LOST EVERYTHING And im enraged so i really hope they can fix this but otherwise This game is amazing.
,Recommended,321360,25061201,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,lunar durkin trico lover666,awsome game even my frend who dont like dinos love this game strongly recamend one thing thow how do i get my own server
76561198325100212,Recommended,321360,31927231,Posted: 23 May,all,Athabasca,"lol its now $13 but whem i got it, itwas $20"
,Recommended,321360,13256106,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,T1GREXHUNTER,"An early access game with great potential! The textures and new skins look absolutely amazing, and I would gladly recommend this game to ANY of my friends. Great job on Circle 5's and LukewarmMedia's part."
76561198140682191,Recommended,321360,13262088,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,stake,"Great game overall, it improved significantlly through the year, i am especially fond of the new class, the acro, so im going to list some of the games pros and cons below.Pros: overall, better game.more variety of characters to play withloot system adds more skins to tamper withoh and crate system with keys gives even more skinscons: glitchy and laggy, slightly dissapointing performanceloot system is ridicolous, you basically cannot get anycrate and key system makes you spend a heck lot of money trying to get good skins, as far as im concerned there is a 5% chance to get a rare but the other 95% are common s*** items.so im reccomending this game despite its flaws, because it is highly addictive once you are good at it."
76561198024881176,Recommended,321360,16543356,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,johbowfor,Needs less sad roleplay loosers.
76561198263902106,Not Recommended,321360,21364201,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Iggy,Game is pretty much the first just added survival + the lan is broken and no one plays survival online so why  buy this game?
76561198212050944,Recommended,321360,21684031,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Homless754,Primal carnage is one of the best games i have ever played it has outstanding grahics and it has pottentional. But the thing i love about primal carnage is the dinosaurse OMG they are awesome don't get me wrong humans are still awesome actrully i would call then over powered they can kill a raptor in one shot. Ok what im going to is that this game is great you should buy it.
76561198279901377,Recommended,321360,23238511,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Supernova0122,great game 10/10 would definetly recommend
76561198006367037,Recommended,321360,25473557,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Desukato,"This is a very unique FPS that you can easily poor houndreds of hours into. I recommend it to anyone who'll listen. If you love dinosaurs, or just want to shoot a few of them, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,321360,13253434,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Shadow Dragon,Dropped from the sky onto the back of a random Pteradon flying beneath me.11/10
,Recommended,321360,13253698,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Renster,Why is this game even early access? Its great and playable right now.
,Recommended,321360,13260676,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,FunFerret,"I spawned into a game, got picked up by a pteranadon and was then dropped to my death.10/10"
,Not Recommended,321360,26341886,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Moriarty1979,This game is coping games that we seen before. It is not unique and it is completele uninteresting. Truly I was waiting for more.
76561198319095103,Not Recommended,321360,30663900,Posted: 21 March,all,Popper_Noodle,"---Team Death Match---Team Death Match 30 players15 humans15 Dinos---Survival---Survival I havent played too much but it seems like it may have a chance if the enemie's movment was smoother.You can't outrun them. Its fun for an hour or two then it gets boring.---Free Roam---Allows you to change teams and classes freely with no objectives as well as roam the map ( Its not a big map ).---Gameplay---The Dinos have the upper hand in every way, The human Team players are often hidding in areas bundled togeather but that is just only delaying there defeat. Maps are way too small to have the T-Rex and any other large Dinos as you end up coming to a dead stop or reduce speed by invisible walls.The motion of every character and dino ruins the game. You will enjoy this game alot but for a short time as you see things starting to get very repeative. No skills required for Dinos as they just circle you in horrible motion as well as the drive by dinos that just constantly ramming and end up killing you with 1-2 hits. Dinos skills also have roars that can buff there self or team as well as healing.Spawning is not too good, you spawn pretty close to enemies. The game ends up with Human team hiding in one area while the Dino team pawning them.If your hoping for a Left 4 Dead pizza then your hopes are crushed. Get this game if you want to have a few lols or watch the wonderful looking Dinos in free mode. You may be able to make some sort of youtube video with it while in ""Free Roam"".Its pretty much a very good looking Dino D-Day but without the Balance, Motion is trash, & Modes can get pretty boring fast. When playing Team Death Match for the 1st time you will have like this""Omg .. this is how the game plays out..Its like a horror dino mix version of quake area !?""feeling rushing through your brain.Dinos dont have guns but some can spit.Healing is useless because you die too quick by the Dinos. Refilling your ammo at ammo dumps is like asking to die as you are unable to move but can get out at anytime and look around with the camera ( Once a player from the Dino team sees you, theres a high chance you will die ).Floppy doll effects and glitchs. Tons of times you will knock someone or a huge Dino into the air. The large dinos such as the T-Rex are the only well animated eneimes but they control like a horrible car & you cant just back up you have to turn around as in walk until you turn around."
76561198353584097,Recommended,321360,30944884,Posted: 4 April,all,WhiskeyRaptor,"I have played PC:E for about a week and a half now and have 2 complaints about the economy. 1) I have recieved absolutely no drops whatsoever during that entire span I have been playing while I watch everyone else recieve one. 2) All the items I purchased from the community srore have not come through. Skins, DNA, crates have not been received. I have been waiting for 4 days now."
76561198128269895,Recommended,321360,13231321,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,SketchyArtvark,"Some Hopes, even though it's just starting out, hopes are for this game such as the glitchs, unable to connect to servers mostly, as well of laggy movments of the humans, but I will support with primal carnage extinction, so I would recommend this game if your bored and whant somthing to do with dinosaurs."
76561198040012630,Recommended,321360,15630584,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Spensimus,"The game's pretty good as a dinosaur game. If you want something Jurassic Park like, definitely buy this (Or the original). I think overall gameplay is better than the original, but the ♥♥♥♥ING ROLEPLAY SERVERS! THERE WAS EVEN A NO-KILL SERVER! THAT'S WHAT THIS GAME'S ABOUT ♥♥♥♥TARDS!*cough*Anyway, I give the game an 8/10. Seriously though, ♥♥♥♥ the roleplay servers."
,Recommended,321360,15756973,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,evEry ONe hATes ME,Do you not notice that you be a T-rex in this game?
,Recommended,321360,15599866,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lassy Kongo,
76561198172338034,Recommended,321360,16280730,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,mavila2006,how do you takke the lag out?
76561198160498568,Not Recommended,321360,35011335,Posted: 16 September,all,Brickyard80,"Do not buy this game, played for 30 mins, in 3 differnet lobbies and there were no objectives, just a free for all, dinos killing people and people trying to kill dinos, this is a free game at best, do not spend money"
76561198127604386,Recommended,321360,26581967,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,❤  CGamerWolfy ❤,"I'm am very happy that I bought this game,  when I was noobie I would rekt humans, just the style of the game makes me exited!💜"
76561198247397282,Recommended,321360,25853432,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Charizard Master,"This game.......is one of my favorite games of all time. my reasoning behind this is that this game is all about co-operative you make friends,work with people you don't know, and in some instances role play is also co-op so if anyone is looking for a game that involves you into the community and that involves dinosaurs i recommend this game"
,Recommended,321360,13805124,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,jmytch,"This game is way better then the original Prime Carnage. This is a complete rebuilt game and I suggest you guys to purchase this game :) You won't be disappointed with this one. Steam Workshop is going to be supported, trading, market and everything is possible.There are a few Australian servers for aussie players to play on, keep in mind most aussie players plays them at night. Australia group called F-STA255 PC:E SERVERS is growing fast and are still inviting Australia players. We will be doing some give aways soon.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/pceausKeep in mind this is Alpha Access so you will experience some bugs/glitches, we are suppose to help the creator/developer to polish the game, to balance the game before releasing the games."
76561197985709573,Recommended,321360,28485213,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Neko,"I think this game is great especially if you are a dinosaur lover. I noticed there are a lot of negative reviews but that was LAST time when the game was laggy, imballanced and had lots of glitches.... NOW they improved the game now its quite fair, not much lag and most glitches are fixed and i am sure that if these people gave the game another go i am sure they would like it.CONS: a lot of focus on skins (maybe too much) but i am happy they give us skins for free (as random drops). Drops need to be fair because i get a lot of drops but i know that there are people who are getting barely anything.I really enjoyed this game and i would recomend it to anyone who likes action and dinosaur games. And i was not paid to say this i genuinely enjoy and love this game."
76561198287950294,Recommended,321360,30563504,Posted: 16 March,all,MessagePuppy 🐺,This game is quite amazing with its graphics and game play. I love it on how you can interact with other players. It's a great game to have and I love it.
76561198104347584,Recommended,321360,32087457,Posted: 31 May,all,The_Soviet_Stego,"Great game, extensive customization, fun gamemodes, and DInosaurs!"
76561198402127347,Recommended,321360,33910302,Posted: 30 July,all,PROGIRL,Best dino game ever!
76561198214133017,Recommended,321360,28814100,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,QuartzRaptor,"Love This Game! It's Basicly A Fun Game With Dinosaurs! If Your Into Dinosaurs Like Me, Get It! It Has Its Up's And Down's I Can Agree, But My Final Reveiw Is A 10/10! Ima Huge Dinosaur Nerd And This Game Acctauly Made Me Get Steam So I Cound Play It! Good Job Devs!"
76561198327512186,Recommended,321360,29001725,Posted: 4 January,all,Shadow HELLCASE.COM,I like it.
,Recommended,321360,30012059,Posted: 18 February,all,❆IvyDaFøxx,This is an awesome game with much details and animations. The only thing i do not like is how rare those keys are to get by a drop.
,Not Recommended,321360,13231301,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Marvelous,dinosauriac  [developer] Nov 9 @ 1:43amit takes effort to be this terrible.
,Recommended,321360,18532792,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,FeatherButtRaptor,Positives:-Acro-Loot-Acro-Noice graphics-Acro-Small playerbase-Acro-Skins-AcroNegatives:-Otherkin-Cruddy fanbase-Cruddy playerbase-Bad RP-Otherkin-Cruddy fanbase-Cruddy playerbase-Bad RP-Otherkin-Cruddy fanbase-Cruddy playerbase-Bad RPbuet steill ae gud gaem
76561198118360327,Recommended,321360,18961748,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Delirious GamerFTW,This game is so epic it has everything you could want in a game DinosaursvsHumans crates skins cosmetics its basically CSGO and tf2 and jurassic park mixed all into one Fun game You should buy it!!!!!!
,Recommended,321360,14908524,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,BaryonyxMono,"-picks dinosaur team-dominates as t-rex-autobalance makes me go on the human team-no longer t-rex-repeat every single team i'm on the dinosaur teamother than that, it's pretty fun"
76561198094581772,Recommended,321360,17631430,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,JustLangford (moe),one of the best dino games ive played but there is some old dino games that beat it nut still love the game
76561198203697249,Recommended,321360,25299387,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kaanakar,Ameazing cust I can say ameazing
76561198109739024,Recommended,321360,13697556,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SargentoMartin,Its awesome and all but its damn laggy and I have a fast computer(lag):slow down your game in slow motion or something like a montage or something
76561198138959080,Recommended,321360,13742600,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dsytretic,yessssss
76561198126229456,Recommended,321360,13771211,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,luna,is a good game but my is runing bad right now hope  it will get fix soon
76561198053673299,Recommended,321360,13997369,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mysterion,cant play it with a ATI mobility radeon HD5470 graphic card :((
76561198059218822,Recommended,321360,13700513,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,JaegerBombastic,"First thing to know before you play this game, always watch the skies, chances are you are about to get abducted.If you have played the original primal carnage then you know what to expect, for those who don't, primal carnage is a class based multiplayer shooter with one team being human and the other team are dinosaurs. The game is fun for the most part, but there are some severe balancing issues, for one don't expect to win while playing the human side, usually the human side will be outnumbered sometimes as much as 2 to 1, but the game is still pretty fun to play."
,Recommended,321360,13504423,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,jurassicmark65,"Really well made game, still improving. This is the direct evolution of Primal Carnage, and it is a must have for anyone."
76561198187673873,Recommended,321360,15054094,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,XxSAVAGExX,did anyone else experience extreme lag when it was their first time playing. I just finished downloading it and it is lagging terribly but im still giving a thumbs up scince this games looks amazing
76561198056582535,Recommended,321360,15069487,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Jakk Erebus,"i am a huge dinosaur lover, and this game is pretty good, the mechanics could be better but i wish there was more of idk something else to go along with it"
76561198206030599,Recommended,321360,16957997,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Vadenfire,"This game is now very highly recommended... I have fixed my lag problems, the skins are great, the gameplay isn't too bad either. I actually like it. Really fun tbh :)"
,Recommended,321360,25358913,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,$Doomy$,this is a good game have good graphics and addictive
76561197967843347,Recommended,321360,19947565,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ಠ_ಠ,"Love The Game, Only thing, I cant figure out how to get skins :l"
,Recommended,321360,14267543,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mister Fister,"Super fun game! has a bunch of things to do, from chill, to kill! It's hard to get new classes and its a challenging game and cant WAIT for new updates! worth the money!"
,Recommended,321360,31862417,Posted: 20 May,all,Magic Leopard,my favourate dino is pteradon
,Recommended,321360,20046478,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Fuchsia,._________________________________________________________________________________.
76561198171729254,Recommended,321360,14058632,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dylanguerrero,i think it is fun to be a dinosaur
76561198130797609,Not Recommended,321360,15367910,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Volounkiin,I would not recomend this game who does not like roelplay and cares a lot about skins so wait until the workshop is out on this game for skins and the creators did say that they will have a higher chance of geting a loot drop well they decreased the chance of geting a loot drop when CU1 came out.
,Not Recommended,321360,13681059,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RedRaptor,"If you like role playing dinosaurs, this is the game for you.If you like a good game with great gameplay and fun, balanced teams then get Primal Carnage."
76561198127034404,Recommended,321360,17606579,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ddmiller2198,:) :) :)
76561198132874691,Not Recommended,321360,16697112,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,☭Dat_Predator_Guy☭,most unbalanced game in steam dont buy it.
76561198074986739,Recommended,321360,14090857,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Karmataurus,I spawned a Spinosaurus and there were only 2 humans.......but i couldn't reach them.Still a great game15/10
76561198079332965,Not Recommended,321360,19806366,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,tamsin.j,"Multiplayer servers don't actually work most of the time, either from being laggy or from not even showing up on the server page in the first place. As for the solo portion of this game, I wouldn't even bother. This idea of a 'free-roam' in a game where theres nothing to do if multiplayer doesn't work is stupid.Very disappointed that I can't get a refund for this, but overall I wouldn't bother getting it, the previous game was better"
,Recommended,321360,19984022,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kallis Hold パドック9,good things and bad thingPrimal Carnge Extinction is humans v dinosaurs first and thrid person shooter its great fun with good graphics. it gets updated most of the time but you need a strong pc or ps4. the game a long time to get used to as most the the players have been playing for a long time. so far the only my issue is too many rolplay or free rolm sever and one bad map.a wish was in the gameone thing i wished the game had is a campain mode so you can unlock skins and find more about the storyTipsif your going to buy skins crates or keys buy them on the community store because its cheeperif you find my Review on Primal Carnage Extinction helped you  plz rate up or like this review as most of the reviews are out of dateDate of: 27/12/15Review creater: Hold Kallisinfo about me: im a strong  supporter  of Primal Carnage and nice player if you need help or tips to play this game send me a freind requset
,Recommended,321360,19977923,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Spam,People posting negative reviews are just mad they got t-bagged by a t-rex.10/10 would t-bag them again.
76561198118743450,Recommended,321360,30085680,Posted: 21 February,all,Grimlock2003,"This game is one of my favorite steam games! If you like dinosaurs, or FPS games than this might be for you. The only real problem I have is the lack of good games. Nowadays it's all free roams and role plays sometimes you can find a good server to play on. There is also single player of you like that play style."
76561198104002509,Recommended,321360,19361620,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,{Sam},"for some reason ever time i buy something off the market for primal carnage and open the game all my items, skins weapons are gone! but after a long while they do come back,"
76561198121348066,Not Recommended,321360,19173946,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Nerdy Knifer,"The loot system is rubbish (only gives to you if you've already spen millions on the game)90% of the ppl playing just kick ban you for no reson and then hack steel the million $$$$ skin you bought that morningand although the developer says they can do anything abount the over priced skins, they can they just dont becuse they get a loads of cash when a ""skin"" is sold"
,Recommended,321360,19207672,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,The RAPED man,Willl you please modified the magmatic nova for real plus can you make the loot get quicker to have
,Not Recommended,321360,19243322,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Cheese Blazer,patch fixed some old problems but created new ones
76561198085750530,Recommended,321360,19299026,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ehregoll,Loved it  great game if you have problems like a common one no servers it was my firewall i turned it off when i play so i can play online. One complaint i dont get rewards like skins or crates much i play this game for 4 hours straight and no rewards first hour i got two rewards make rewards more common please then i will be MASSIVLY happy
76561198250650928,Not Recommended,321360,19313685,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,jill.wilson_59,i cannot play the games
76561198193821983,Not Recommended,321360,19269873,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Thelemonater,i hate this game it sucks because i had a fethered raptor frozen one and guest what it get deleted give me it back game developers it took me ages to get it why would u make a new update if the bloody fliping update deletes everyone blood f@cking stuff give it me back you can get rid of the only cool thing i have on this game u guys are cheap scates you sell people stuff then u take it away from them this sucks
76561198131405817,Recommended,321360,18962956,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,{CFoF}TheGunnar,I can't even get drops any more can someone tell me y. It's not just bad luck because in my own server no one can join. Even after 12 hours of free roam In that server no drops and none in other servers. Can anyone tell me how to fix this.
76561198170203478,Recommended,321360,23126323,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Eden,it's lit steve
,Recommended,321360,23127538,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mental Alex,"I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH, but i just got it for a friend and i sent it to her and she never got it so I think i just wasted all my money and it was all i had and it took me so long to get it."
,Recommended,321360,22923619,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,セガタサンシロ,such dinosaurs such wow
,Recommended,321360,21650223,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,charlesberg,"My favourite dino gamePlayerbase can be a little salty and sometimes consist of younger players tormenting, but overral community is good.Avoid player-run servers if you're looking to avoid admins abusing their powers.----As far as I'm aware the official servers are down and have been for over a month now, this is a little bit♥♥♥♥♥♥but I'm hoping it's being worked on."
76561198208239837,Recommended,321360,22729958,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,skybest12,Primal Carnage its very funny to play with friends and i totally recommend this game . For the dinosaurs lovers its the best choice.
,Recommended,321360,23103290,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,NovaSauce,Awesome!
76561198078309300,Not Recommended,321360,18964959,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Cheesecake :),First game was fun but nobody played it. This is the same problem for this game and also the raptor sucks now.
76561198062999548,Not Recommended,321360,18540363,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DBD_Viking,Its the same game as the fist one with retexture and more anamtions. Turns into csgo with skins for dinos.
76561198141454059,Recommended,321360,18540810,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lightclaw,It is very glitchy but its okay to play if you set it up :)
,Recommended,321360,21674929,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,JuanNextGen,I'M A MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING T REX!
76561198306908135,Recommended,321360,23162951,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,...,its to lagy for me to play.Dont play this on windows 10!
,Not Recommended,321360,31109813,Posted: 12 April,all,PruneCakes,i find this game really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. everyone is camping and ppl get sick of the same dinos like.. no one cares no more AND I WAS LEVEL 20 AND I WAS PUSHED TO LEVEL 5 WTF IS THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T YOU BEST FIX THIS I BETTER BE LEVEL 20 I RESTARTED MY GAME SEVERAL TIMES RESTARTED MY MY PC MORE THEN ENOUGH TIMES CLEANED IT NOW I AM STUCK HERE LEVEL 5
76561198065076164,Recommended,321360,13555393,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheNinjaRaptor,I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a raptor with earmuffs.
76561198148158804,Recommended,321360,13424573,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Dacodiak,Dinosaurs and guns are awesome. That's it. Yeah I feel like I don't need to say more.
,Recommended,321360,13543183,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Honey BEE- SKRAAA PAPAPAPAPAP,Just love this game. I love dinosaurs too and bringing a game that no-one has ever done before. Except the normal primal carnage.
76561198037851736,Recommended,321360,13490696,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nesta,"10/10 ""Let's get prehistoric."""
,Recommended,321360,13440611,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Bigfoot,"Love the game. Just as good as the first and it's better. Sadly, I can't join a game so that's all I can say about it. Only know what I know from videos."
,Recommended,321360,13509131,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Saries,"There are a number of pvp dino games on steam and I have most. I think this is one of the better ones. Better controls, better graphics, better camera angles."
76561197975494186,Recommended,321360,13537618,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,bobm29,"For an early access game, this is awesome!So far I haven't had any of the problems  mentioned.Since I already had the original game, Extinction was only $3Can't get better than that!"
,Recommended,321360,26453184,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,WizzardAnimations CZ,ITS Awesome game
,Recommended,321360,26941987,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SharkGreenBuffalo,"I think that game is pretty good. The gameplay is nice, there are some bugs that need fixing though."
,Recommended,321360,27434045,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mono,"I paid 20 euros for this , and now it's 12.99.......At least give players that pre-purchased the game for 20 euros an item that shows appreciation because we paid more....The game itself is good and I could play it for hours straight sometimes , but I hate the price change. Either make it 20 euros again , or give players that bought it for that some sort of item like a special skin with a special quality such as ""veteran"" quality (buying the game for 20$ and supporting it). My review is gonna be a like for this time , but if the price doesn't change I'll just change it to a dislike :p"
76561198026948574,Recommended,321360,27434701,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,peti655,Best money farming game ever. :D
,Recommended,321360,28886647,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Burdy,I think I have enough hours in this game for my review to be valid. This game is straight up fire.
76561198265573306,Recommended,321360,28915622,Posted: 1 January,all,TOAST!,get this game!!
76561198155616966,Recommended,321360,29477159,Posted: 24 January,all,Zeiter,"A Humans vs. Dinosaurs game where you have to kill as many players on the opposite team as you can, while yourself not dying."
76561198287824699,Recommended,321360,28921652,Posted: 1 January,all,skylion,it is fun!!
,Not Recommended,321360,24715378,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,SeekNDestroy?,"After 1045 hours of this game, I hate to write this review. I used to play Novaraptor all the time and rack up the kills. Ever since the nerf of it's hitbox, this game isn't fun anymore. The only dinosaur classes that are fun are Carno and Tyrants, forcing me to play something I don't want to. This game is just not the same as it used to be. Raptors were killed already easily enough. Playing human isn't that bad cause I atleast have decent aim. But, I don't want to be a human every single time. I wan't to mix it up. Im very sad to write this review, but it's the truth. If you are willing to play human or try to play something other than Nova, go ahead. Im just one of the Nova players though.."
76561198343211082,Recommended,321360,32528869,Posted: 18 June,all,Moomoocup,Awesome game!
,Recommended,321360,32506322,Posted: 17 June,all,Ebeep,"dank game, only fun with friends though."
,Recommended,321360,27908745,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheGreenSpy,.................................................................................................
,Recommended,321360,33172670,Posted: 3 July,all,pls kill me xd xd,Good Gameplay & Good Graphics And Skins
,Recommended,321360,20606521,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,3isad,best dino game out there but the valley map is ruined :(
76561198171025161,Recommended,321360,33368657,Posted: 8 July,all,VampireAdard,Wuv dis game and da fwuffy wapturs
,Recommended,321360,30494099,Posted: 13 March,all,woolem,Skinsi purchased some skins for primal carnage extinction on the staem community market yet they do not show up in my in-game inventory. why is this so?
76561198077720396,Recommended,321360,26714000,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,nanos_2,"I have played this game for a long time as you can see and I always seem to keep coming back. It has fun gameplay and cool skins. For the most part the people are cool, and put up a good challenge while playing. Also it has dinosaurs. I love the game but there are some problems. There are more RP servers than TDM and it can be hard to find a populated server (Primal TDM and TheSlayersNL servers are almost always full and you will most likely find me on one of the two). People sometimes beg for skins if you have a nice inventory but it seems to be less of a problem now than it was. Lastly there is some weird hit detecion in the game but once you learn to compensate for it hitting becomes simple.Pros:DinosFun, intense gameplayCool skinsCons:Lots of roleplay servers (more than TDM)Some wierd hit detection (might be just me but some others are having the same problem)People begging for skinsNice game to get some friends and play some deathmatch! Fun solo as well."
76561198313910765,Recommended,321360,33278669,Posted: 5 July,all,AlbinoDawn,"I think this game is the best but theres one problem, I cant fix my attack button to my click button again so I have it on enter for now can you please help and tell me what the mouse button is called?"
,Not Recommended,321360,32840867,Posted: 26 June,all,transmutated,"I really wanted to like this game. I looks great, controls great, and has what I can only imagine to be fun gameplay. But multiplayer didn't work for me or for friends who I bought the game for. Hosting a game seems to be borked...even after opening ports for port forwarding. Being this game is ALL multiplayer, it's worthless. In the process of requesting a refund now but I have to get the peeps whom I gifted copies too to also request a refund :( I just want me $10 back."
76561197962957134,Not Recommended,321360,30520704,Posted: 15 March,all,e_lars04,"This is terrible. If you like the original, do not let that factor into you buying this."
76561198165792019,Recommended,321360,20707858,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,tiki76,why wont this game let me play on it!!!!
,Recommended,321360,34259508,Posted: 15 August,all,dbutters1,12 out of 10 (if ur dino langeage ill translate) snuff roar growl growl roar
76561198081648266,Recommended,321360,19533515,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,The Man In Red,"This is a huge improvement on the first Primal Carnage game. In fact, this is one of the best dinosaur/fighting games, I've ever played! Other than ORION: Prelude, I don't know of very many dinosaur games that have both options to play as humans and dinosaurs. Also, the graphics, animations, models, textures, and sound effects are extremely awesome! The new Acrocanthosaurus is awesome, too! The more dinosaurs, the marrier! And I really love that some of the game modes (Dino Deathmatch, at least) actually allow you to play as a dinosaur and still fight other dinosaurs, like in the prehistoric times! It gives the dinosaurs a bigger challenge! I haven't played the first Primal Carnage, but I've heard that it doesn't allow you to play as a dinosaur and fight other dinosaurs, like in Extinction. And if that's true, I think that's one of the major advantages Primal Carnage Extinction has over the first Primal Carnage. I completely recommend this game for any gamer who loves dinosaurs!"
,Not Recommended,321360,13490248,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,✭Spooky Black✭,"It pains me to write a negative review on this game considering the many hours I have invested into this...but where do we begin?PCE is a team deathmatch game where players choose between 2 teams, humans and dinosaursThe humans consist of Pyro, Commando, Pathfinder, Scientist and Trapper classesThe Dinos consist of Tyrannosaurus rex, Spinosaurus, Acrocanthosaurs, Novaraptor, Oviraptor, Pteranodon, Tupandactylus, Dilophosaurus, Cryolophosaurus and CarnotaurusThe first flaw is right there, the Dinos have far more classes: 10 in total while the humans have 5..The second flaw is the updates, Every month or two the devs release a new update...which are excruciatingly lazyThe updates are only unnecessary nerfs and buffs along with 60+ skins to waste your money on.PCE is entirely run by skins, since the release of the workshop that's all the updates have been around, no new gamemodes, no new game mechanics. Just SKINS. Now I'm dying for a new map or something, maybe an update to one of the maps (Island's unfinished caves) but at this rate that's highly unlikely.The developers announced a new ""exciting"" turn with the PC franchise, Primal Carnage Onslaught: a first person virtual reality shooter where you play as the humans, explicitly humans. While this sounds ""interesting"" at first some come to realize that not everyone can afford a virtual reality headset..so there's that problemSeeing the trailer my analysis has come to the conclusion that Primal Carnage: Onslaught or PCO if you may will only be a game to make a quick buck or two, which it won't due to people not being able to afford a VR headset..Some skins in PCE fetch up to 300+ dollars like the radiated Rex, and some people actually buy it for that absurd price when they could buy a Wii U or Xbox for around that same pricePrimal Carnage: Extinction's only future seeing where we are now consists of new skins that cost hundreds of dollars, free roam servers, 7-12 year old children who make their dinosaurs have sex with eachother only to please their horny 18+ roleplays (I'm a roleplayer myself but thats just wrong), unnecessary buffs and nerfs and the toxicity of T-bagging whiny players-Shiina"
76561197994379580,Recommended,321360,25165059,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,† Black widow †,add i rex and make it changeing hes color .. primal is best game for dinos but add more dinos <3
76561198037529965,Recommended,321360,25217874,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Andromeda,"Love this game. I love the idea of Dinosaurs VS Humans. The game is good of community, people, gameplay, and maps. 10/10 Would die from a trapper"
76561198054799281,Recommended,321360,25263294,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,mrpibb,fun game and amazing with friends
76561198075705342,Not Recommended,321360,34213346,Posted: 13 August,all,MR.BOMB,"Game unbalance, Some of dino type super strong and hard to kill, Human are weak low damage low accuracy, Titan size dino have to many spawn when play teammach, Dino Carnotaurus have much damage just 2 hit human die and it have much stamina to run."
76561198043091218,Recommended,321360,13240674,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Madrush,"I bought it for 3€ wich means its not much money for this game. On this moment of the Beta, the old Primal Carnage is much better from movement- looking around- attack- shoot- speed. This one looks like you play Primal Carnage on fast forward, the graphics is nothing special.To be honest i liked the old Primal Carnage more then the Extinction but yea it is Beta and i hope they will fix the *fast forward* speed. And ofcourse you must be FAST to play on the side of the dinosaurs and if you wanna play the rex- spino one, then you really need to be freaking fast... That can be pretty annoying especially if you wanna play the big guys..."
,Recommended,321360,32144705,Posted: 2 June,all,Bony Macaroni,"PC:E is one of those games who's community defines the game. The gameplay and game itself isn't very standout, and it's playerbase much smaller than many other games, but it's community is what makes or breaks it. The developers don't seem to make many original skins, instead relying on the community to make them. I'm fine with this, because the community can make some kick♥♥♥♥♥skins. They don't have any real official servers, but the community servers can have some great admins and have some great people. The voice acting for the humans is pretty bad, but nearly everyone comes for the dinosaurs anyway. PC:E isn't for A LOT of people, but I love this game to death, and it's roleplaying community has sparked some great creativity. Tbh, I mainly play only for the RPing, but I can say that the RP potential in this game is bigger than nearly any other game I've come across, but I can't exactly explain how. This is one of my most favorite games to date, even though I might be slightly embaressed to admit it. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes RPing and marketing, because this game also has a pretty big community market, with some rare, exotic skins that can be fun to try and collect and show off."
76561198138051361,Recommended,321360,32144522,Posted: 2 June,all,Gilbert,Guys help me please how to fix this Ran out of memory.. Because i cant play primal carnage extinction.. please guys.. help me... :'(
76561198167551701,Not Recommended,321360,18192330,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,aidenlanglois10,well can anyone one help me i got this game wonting to play it but i cant now its so lag help me get rid of lag dont buy this game unlees you have a good cpu
76561198261622914,Recommended,321360,33389919,Posted: 8 July,all,❤️Happy Husky❤,Primal Carnage Extincton is a fun game where you get to fight and chill get this game and you will have a grand old time.
76561198223291468,Recommended,321360,33790947,Posted: 25 July,all,Sebastian❤,bring back dino deathmatch
,Recommended,321360,33037611,Posted: 30 June,all,MaxDinoTS05,I Like this game alot
,Not Recommended,321360,18437704,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ClockworkSentinel,"This is a good game. I've spent too much time on it... Great game for any dinosaur fan!But......Pros:-Skins, so no dinosaur is the same.-More dinos then other Primal Carnage Game-Fun games (If you can find one)-Dinosaurs! (Must I need to say more?)Notes:-Good maps-Okay graphics-Does not need a perfect computer to run game well-Freeroam/RP: Yes, I like to RP occasionally, but to find decent people... Different Story.-Still fun to run around as a dino-Okay community (There are so many different kinds of people in this game, I cannot pick a side directly)Cons:-Skins: (Yeah I know I noted this as a Pro) According to everyone in the community, ever, the better skin you have, then the more people should like you and respect you. Wtf?-Skins part 2: Sure the skins in this game are beautiful, but to get a nice one, you have to spend about $400+ on it.-Horrible human gameplay: the people have been incredibly nerfed, so you might as well be throwing rocks at the dinos.So, if you enjoy just being a dinosaur, worshipping the player with the best skin, RPing (Sort of), or eating humans because they are pretty much always your dinner, this game COULD be for you.EDIT: I wrote this review a long time ago. Since then, I have watched this game change for the worse. The humans became so overpowered on a couple of aspects what there was simply no point in fighting them. The game is broken, and it only seems to update once every six months. For these reasons, I am shifting my review from Positive to Negative.ANOTHER EDIT: Humans overpowered?! What was I thinking? The dinos are forever OP. I'd shift this review to positive again, but the lag for this game is so bad that It is hard to play. I get 20 FPS on this when I get 40 FPS on Dishonored 2."
,Recommended,321360,30841967,Posted: 30 March,all,E Gaming,"The game is a little better than the original, but I may prefer the old one over the new one."
76561198212237048,Not Recommended,321360,35461870,Posted: 3 October,all,bangbolon,Not like my hope
76561198008795381,Recommended,321360,20952246,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Eugenm,Крутая игра Дропанулся скин за 5000 рублей!! GOOD GAMES!!!
76561198155088939,Recommended,321360,24056024,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Magnificent,"My time in PC:E- Joins a freeroam server, because it's new to me.- choose to be a Rex.- In the Island map.- Wonder around, chat with the other dinos.- Suddenly, a wild ASSH*LE HUMAN appears!- he hides under a bridge, where none of the tyrants can kill him.- he constantly shoots at the tyrants, hiding under the bridge whenever they chased him.- decide to do something about this.- change to a nova.- hunt the f*cker down- find him trying to be a big shot by spamming the chat with sh*t like:- ""REKT NUB"" ""LOL YOU CAN'T CATCH ME"" ""LOL FREE KILS XXDDDDD""- the sh*tface is getting on everyone's nerves.- but we can't do sh*t because no admins or votekick- sneak up on him, pounce the f*cker.- no reactions, continues to RK and spam the chat.- do it a couple times more.- i finally get a reaction when i decide not to sneak and jump around his face as he tries to shoot me.- he runs outta ammo, while he's reloading i pounce.- he goes ballistic,- spams the chat again with:- ""WHAT NO HAX!!!"" ""FUCING NUVA SCERB"" ""EVERON VOT TO KECK REZWULF""- someone tells him they can't do anything to me since no admins or votekick.- he decides to try to kill me countless times.- he never manages, as i always get him before he can.- he keeps spamming the chat with all sorts of bullsh*t like:- ""UM CAMING 4 U REXWULF"" ""LOL U ES  GONNA DED"" ""U IZ GOIN DUN!""- he finally leaves when i catch him reloading.- it turns out he has a mic, and he kept it until now.- he screams his f*cking lungs out into the mic- cursing and swearing fills the server- the b*tch sounded about 7-8 yrs old- somone told his to stfu- the made him go even more ballistic wehn an admin came on and kicked the b*tch.- he came back on and kept trying to kill the admin.- he couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥because the admin had godmode on.- he wasted his entire ammo.- he screamed into his mic that the admin was hacking and that everyone had to try and kill him.- no one but him did anything.- the admin eventually got p*ssed and banned the f*cker.- and we all lived happily ever after.- THE END.but srsly, i was laughing my ♥♥♥♥♥off listening to this kid sounding like a dozen mice getting grinded.overall i'd rate an 8.5/10, because a 10/10 would count people like this kid and the fanbase OUT.hope you enjoyed the review."
76561197982221433,Not Recommended,321360,13221275,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Echorion,"Pros:-Unqiue PvP Human vs Dinosaur game-Interesting dinosaurs to play as, abilities and weapons.-Some nice improvements over the original game-Devs seem interested in addressing problems. This is always a pro in any game I look at, especially in early access as these titles are more likely prone to issues. Still with that in mind.....Cons:-Bugs. Lots and lots of bugs, I found so many bugs it's overwhelming. Chat is buggy, aniamtions are buggy, reloading is bugged, falling is bugged, lobby and selections are buggy, just about everything in the game, probably has a bug tied to it. I really cannot stress this problem enough, because I've found bugs I have never even seen in a game before. Lobby is bugged so it won't let you join games a majority of the time without fiddling with it, but the worst kind of bugs that cause CTD... I have not run into yet, so that is good at least.-People move stiffly, and everything moves like it's in quake, the result is it looks like everyone is just sliding around all over the place.-No offical servers, in a MP only game.Summary:The core game concept and idea here is great, and the gameplay itself has a tremendous amount of potential, and the bones of a great game are there...but the amount of bugs are very numerous and distracting ones. Right now I don't really recommend it, in it's current state."
76561197979621177,Recommended,321360,13221413,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Laeradr,Dinosaurs made me buy this game11/10Eating people is fun !
,Not Recommended,321360,14060128,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SeriousSam,"Issues from the first game seem to have persisted into this version. I'd say it would be like going from CS:S to CS 1.6, graphically and mechanically. Needs a lot more work."
76561198068297963,Not Recommended,321360,30628701,Posted: 19 March,all,Bucky Barnes,"I may not have 1000 hours in the game, but when I do I will write another review. But this is what I can say.What the hell happened to the TDM servers? This game came from a PVP to a RP game really quickly. Though, I myself am a Roleplayer but I like to spend my time killing dinosaurs instead of being a talking raptor.The devs just bring in more skins and claim to fix bugs when the bugs are clearly not fixed. Pouncing as a raptor is still not fixed, come on!The game is one sided, it's rare to see humans win a DM.And one more thing, and this never happened to me but this happened to my friend. Server admins are the worst.For some reason, my friend and some of her friends were kicked and banned from a server FOR SPEAKING A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE. What's SO WRONG WITH THAT. TELL ME. Most server admins ABUSE their power.To sum this up: the game is broken and it carries a toxic community. Cheers guys until my next review at 1000 hours."
,Recommended,321360,13839700,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Bignastycupcake,"The game is good, but I can see why nobody is playing it. Primal Carnage: Extinction, is a team based game, where you fight enemy players as dinosaurs. I'm wrong actually, people do play it. The humans are insanely underpowered, and when a dinosaur fully rams into a wall, wouldn't it get stunned? Even when it's from a distance, full speed, but never mind that. The game is buggy and laggy a bit, even on low settings, so as long as you can handle it, you may as well just leave it on max IF you can handle it. I can't say much more about it, since it's early access, and I can just hope they fix the lag and the buggyness, then, it'd probably be one of my favorite games! Then again, they need to nerf the dinos, to balance everything out. Another problem is, if you get pinned by another dino, theres nothing you can do unless you have a Teammate with you, and since dinos are OP, they're hard to kill, and your team is always dead, pinned, or away from you, so thats that. 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,321360,13960907,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Tea,"EDIT for content update 1Not much has actually changed in terms of balancing and bug fixes, but don't worry because we have even more skins!! Oh, and a new dinosaur which is admittedly better balanced than anything else in the game. The biggest thing here, though is the new game mode: survival. Works just like any other horde game except the AI is probably the stupidest I have ever encountered in any game. The bosses are a joke, raptor comes in gets shot once, and runs away, Acro is ridiculously easy to confuse. You can upgrade health, damage, and movement speed only once in your entire run and it gets very boring very quickly...no wonder nobody has made it past wave 25.Oh, and also the most recent update fixing bugs just broke it even more to the point were it is literally impossible to play. You enter the game on wave 1 with dinos running around and even on an empty server must wait for the wave to end - yeah, good luck lol.I honestly didn't think this game could get worse than it was, but yet again, the devs have proved me wrong. GG.- - -The only good thing about this game is possibly the loot drops - that's if you can stand to play it for more than 5 mins.  In my opinion, the whole thing has been handled terribly and after more than a year we still don't have a working/balanced game. Probably not going to return to how primal carnage once was which is disappointing. Can't honestly see the game ever being good again but who knows? Let's hope the devs prove me wrong ;)As it stands, don't waste the money, definitely don't pay full price."
76561197982242662,Not Recommended,321360,13960584,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bertminator,"This game is supposed to be the ""FIX"" to Primal Carnage.  To me, it's worse.  Most times you can't join servers, and when you do get to play, the Dinosaurs are SO weak in comparison to the Humans, it's just NOT fun playing it.  Even Primal Carnage, with ALL it's glitches & errors & crashes, is MORE FUN than playing this garbage ""repaired"" game.  Save your money, and just vote NO to this game."
,Not Recommended,321360,20324285,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Crap Smacker,Got kicked on a RP server for netting dinos. 10/10 would do it again.
76561198027341775,Not Recommended,321360,28994867,Posted: 3 January,all,Tenko,"Disapointing,Do not get it. The dev's are going broke and are more than likely going out of buisness."
,Recommended,321360,15200101,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Party Fowl ❄,"When I first played this game, It was a broken, unstable mess. Now it's in a majority player-base comfot zone without feeling too unbalanced. It's completely playable at this point in its development and I would recommend it to anyone looking to play."
76561198046460146,Not Recommended,321360,23396634,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,California Dreamin`,"Crowd scene is gone and part of actors will gone with them!.. Not even one decent item for last 200 hours of gameplay and now they change the loot system.. Total Online will fall to 15/35 ppl night/day in July 2016 and who will need dat skins that time!? People will just delete the game sell all the items and leave the game.. Bb gl have ""fun"" !!!"
76561198256087041,Not Recommended,321360,34532111,Posted: 27 August,all,Mmosnow,very bad game no pick class is broke i rate 0/10 IGN
76561198083643711,Recommended,321360,15202840,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Divine Twins,I really suggest this game! Yes there's a couple of bugs here and there...I keep playing though! I suggest this 100%Go play it now!
,Not Recommended,321360,22491471,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,If you are an alpha female dilophasauras in heat this is the game for you.  Servers are chalk full of horny teenaged furries roleplaying as dinosaurs and precumming over the skins they paid actual money for.I would rate this game a solid I don't want to live on this planet anymore out of ten.
76561198163313247,Not Recommended,321360,26439518,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mightyツ hun er jo bøsse,i think its an awesome game and i dont think any game is gonna beat this ever i in fact think that this game should get game of the year from now on and the designers should be treated like gods2/10
,Recommended,321360,22803336,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Raptor Noises,much wow such dinos
,Not Recommended,321360,24732826,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GunHawk HawkServers.co,"its an amazing game but....THE NEW UPDATE KILLED IT!!!!!.once apon a time primal carnage was a legendary game with an amazing fan base and everything was good,until the next update came and destroyed the game,first of all the machette is now a sniper and all of the call of duty fanbase is raiding this game.now every lobby that i go into i run into some obnoxious kid telling me that i suck at the game because im lvl1.in the new update they added a leveling system so the pros at the game get called low lvl noobs just because we havent played this game since the update came out and were lvl1.this game used to be good and still is good but im now forced to play singleplayer until the little kids clear off.overall i dont recommend playing this game while its in this state but if it changes then i will right a new review and take this one down.bye"
76561198158954979,Recommended,321360,14360020,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,(Cyber)Succpotatoad,I think this is a time-out from firt-person shooter games and the first if its genre from which another game came out called Dino D-day.
,Not Recommended,321360,13837924,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sunddr,"This piece of ""game"" is nothing like the original. Here be prepareed to drop the settings to the lowest settings just to hit 60fps. Then, if you like dont like tons of screen tearing, you must put vsync on wich will take 30+ fps. The game is unoptimized for any system. Gameplay is fun but after the mechanics are learned you realize that the problems dont outweigh the benefits. I got this game for 3 dollars and wish i never spent it. The only hope of this gamne going anywere is if the developers optimize it fully and knock out the bugs. If you want to get this game wait about 6 more months for them to ""fix"" it. Thank you for reading my OPINION.THIS IS AN EARLY ACCES REVIEW!!"
76561198080082374,Not Recommended,321360,13407461,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Walmart Dial-up,"Primal Carnage can arguebly be one of the first successful Dino blasting games that entered the Steam store. Despite it missing alot of content, the original develpoment team, Lukewarm Media, made something new and interesting. While Circle Five and Pub Games have done well to the sequel, they failed to add anything new to the game that is so desperately needs. This game gets stale and repetitive fast, especially if you played the original. Besides a few new dinosaur classes that are simply reskins of the olds with slight variances in there HP and perks, the game provides only a few new maps. The roadmap doesnt look promising for the small dev team either in completing everything they wish for in early access:https://trello.com/b/dqOgPeuk/extinction-roadmap.I know its early access and things could change. If you like what you see in the roadmap and never played primal carnage, consider purchasing it. Sadly, I played too much of the same thing from Primal Carnage that it left me not recommending it. The only reason why I purchased it was because they had a sale for 3$ if you owned the original."
76561198141552273,Recommended,321360,15680625,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Charles Dickinson Took This L,As a spinosaurus i ate all who stood in my way. 420/69 would get indegestion again
,Recommended,321360,16708634,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,💀Cuphead💀,"Can you add Indominus Rex if you can?And also, please make more new dino's!"
,Recommended,321360,16319304,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BobTheTupa,Dinos. Graphics. More dinos. WHAT MORE CAN ONE WANT?
76561198107226973,Recommended,321360,22525144,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[TFD]GhostToasty,"This game would be more FUN with more dinos and more Humans i mean who doesnt want more things,This GAME Is my most favorite game to play with my friends,I suggest this pick.It may cost alot of money but its worth it!I love this game and hundreds or maybe thousends love it to!I would choose this game"
,Recommended,321360,22762455,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Boosted Silver,This game is freaking awesome. The graphis are awesome aswell as the dinos and their movements. I recommend it to any dino fan
76561198062718030,Not Recommended,321360,13875516,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Buddy Bench Gaming,this a waste of money and gameplay is so bad nothing is fair DO NOT BUY THIS!
,Recommended,321360,23409066,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Storm Lily,"A highly recommended game for anyone who is into - Dinosaurs, Shooting Games and stadgy.10/10"
,Not Recommended,321360,17403147,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Novus,"I know it says i have around 3 hours but i waited for 2.0 for a long time and the amount of dissapointment in those our is terrifying.Cons:This game is absolutely terrible compared to what Primal 1.3 is and was. If you reall want a fun game that you won't play litterally only to get expensive skins get the older primal carnage. This game skillcaps rediculously fast with some basic dodging as human you might as well also have god mode. The drop system is broken (atleast in my time playing) , and overall it feels less polished than the original despite the new (often useless) features and better texture quality. Most of the maps are dark or absolutley coverend in foliage and other objects to make them look appealing while ruining gameplay dramatically.Pros: Yes it has dinosaurs go wild."
76561198216757797,Recommended,321360,22565882,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Nydale,"Definitely not a game for everyone, but I find it quite fun to play."
76561198047797667,Not Recommended,321360,16195205,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,OneSneakyBastid_Few,"I want to give this game a good review but I simply can't.Things I liked:+Very nice graphics and environments.+The maps are well made, foliage is great, I like them all.+Nothing gets your adrenaline pumping like watching a rex or spino turn a corner and spot you.+Hey cool, weapon skins and stuff. Yay variety.+Terrific dino movement animations and sounds.Things I hate:-Balancing? What balancing? Dinos win 99.9998% of the time, people stuck on human team always leave, tyrants need to have a spawn limit and cooldown timer so there aren't always 3-4 of them dominating the map.-No more deathmatch or GTTC servers that are populated. No one plays them. The MAIN point of the game and no one participates in it.-Fudging role play servers. Never enter them, you will be horrified at what you read. These are the only populated servers now and all people do is pretend they're a pretty dinosaur and show off the rare skins they paid a stupid amount of money for. That and dino sex. I wish I was kidding about the last part.-Humans have horrible movement animations. Its like they spent all their time on making a dino game then just threw humans in there for fun. Dinos look and move around pretty realistically (as real as you'd think they would) and humans look like robots with moving legs. Legs move, but everthing above the waist stays fixed in position.-P.O.S. 24/7 1 map servers. Back when people actually played the game the way its meant to be played, all there were and still are, are server that only play 1 map all the time. Its either always Docks or Contagion. Why? They're the only maps where humans can hide from the big bad tyrants and camp. x_x-The whole loot system thing is just bleh. They should have made it so you can just buy the dang individual skins you wanted for cheap, buy all of them for a modest price, or made them unlock after you completed certain achivements. Now people just idle in loot servers that end a match in about a minute so people can farm the loot drops given randomly at the end of every round.-Some people actually try to play as friendly dinos during deathmatch games. Seriously. They follow you around and pretend to be a pet or something, then get mad at you if you kill them. I just...hate this community.The game had such a fun concept to it but it was not done properly. I really enjoyed the 1st Primal Carnage because people actually played it the way it was supposed to be played and matches got competitive. Now everyone just wants to run around and be a pretty dino. Adding in a freeroam option to the game was the final nail in the game's coffin imo. Ever since then people only want to role play dino mating rituals. Because of this, the deathmatch and GTTC servers are always empty, and all of the actual game players stopped playing altogether. Unfortunetaly this type of game attracts a very strange playerbase and the devs saw it, and capitalized on it with the roleplay mode and the loot system. Do yourself a favor, don't buy this game."
76561198123499324,Recommended,321360,14671347,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,RaptorGirl,"Amazing game really, even if i was skeptical at first because i loved the first game so much. The first game was simple with at times not so much going on, and i had loads of problems with servers not letting me join. But this game does have amazing graphics and the little details like different color Lillie pads.. and the beautiful water and secret areas. Amazing game. You should buy it. (:"
76561197973634149,Recommended,321360,26609937,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Scrumpet,"Great game, horrible online community though. Was banned from the only active server for asking how a person becomes transgendo in real life. Story of my life..."
,Recommended,321360,14386724,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,《3》,This is my best dinosaur game EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198086738052,Recommended,321360,34391143,Posted: 21 August,all,Arhaikos,rly good game worths the 13 euros...gets often updated and things...dont even think about not buying totally wroth itEdit after a month or two : uhh gets updated only to fix bugs..it gets dead lol...i buyed the isle and i havent play that game like a week or so...still buy it though
,Recommended,321360,26021513,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Wanna mess with UCS?,Game is fun except when you play chill servers where you can get ignored when you are not someone famous or dont have good skins
76561198187152750,Recommended,321360,15921154,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,IIPawsII,"this game is very good, the reason i play it is because dinosaurs!!!!!!! this will be the best game you will ever buy. and rping is very fun too. thank you :)"
76561198142616179,Recommended,321360,14406652,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,PANCAKE NATHAN,THIS GAME RULES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198092458962,Recommended,321360,30787604,Posted: 27 March,all,Breezy,Im Ready To Unleash My Primal Rage!
76561198234876400,Recommended,321360,24813203,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Pigroee,"I like this game so much! btw, you can reach  level 2 and get 100$ skin here!!!!! this game is awesome"
,Not Recommended,321360,17557930,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,"ThePyroDino™, Plague Doctor","The community is terrible, everyone is over critical. There are only two maps that anyone ever plays on and they get old fast. The developers are also willing to take your money for a key to open one of its many crates even after you just payed $25 for the game. All the devs do is work on new skins, this game has been out for a while and there has only been one update, but there are about 10 crates you can open at $2 a key. The classes are unbalanced, making certan ones op.I really tried to like this game, as it is one of the few dinosaur games on steam, but it isnt worth it."
76561198031711794,Not Recommended,321360,22196431,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ThomasTheNationalisticAustralian,"Remember that clunky, yet fun game Primal Carnage? Remember everything you liked about it? Yeah, well ♥♥♥♥ you, enjoy playing a worse TF2 with dinosaurs."
76561198142175889,Recommended,321360,14599421,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Pigwing,it a realy good game i just can find how to get a dino crate
,Recommended,321360,34494750,Posted: 25 August,all,DeadSiren(Trixy),"Hey!This game is really gorgeous, competitive, and fun!I just wish that there would be more things to use without having the original Primal Carnage.And some more beautiful skins would be very lovely! :3"
76561198220256017,Recommended,321360,20003069,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Morrowseer,"I love this game a lot!! At the same time i can underatand why people would hate it. It can get repetetive as the only gamemodes are Team Deathmatch, Dino Deathmatch, Free Roam, Roleplay, and Get to The Chopper. In my opinion, i would recommend it but i do understand that it is a hit or miss game."
76561198146971905,Not Recommended,321360,17575246,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,eggasaturn,dont buy the screen is to laggy to even start playing never get
76561198212955043,Recommended,321360,19381685,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,King_Clay15,awsome
,Recommended,321360,21672135,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,◥RAVN◤AceViper,"Really good game, made lots of good friends!"
76561198202326252,Recommended,321360,22876649,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,bruggle,"This is one of the best games ive ever played, keep it up devs!"
76561198291961823,Recommended,321360,23757166,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BlackenCynder♀,I love this game but im a duface and cant figure out how to add/buy dino skins and add them to my collection...
76561198185745737,Recommended,321360,23569488,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,PlagueDoctor21,"It's a decent game, besides its dinosaurs vs. Humans, live in your own dinosaur nightmare."
76561198313668227,Not Recommended,321360,30530047,Posted: 15 March,all,22SAS-Silverstream,Game unplayable due to opening  wepon not useable.There are Free to play games that are similar and better.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,321360,20503379,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[Sentinels]Alexander,BEST GAME EVEREven better if:You actually need to lower the ping on the servers it is not that an jooyable like the old primal carnage because it has a lot of high pin gand glitchy objectsBUT KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK AND PLS UPDATE THE GAME SOON THX U LUKEWARM MEDIA!!!
76561198095408840,Recommended,321360,13245519,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,☣SpookyZion♫☣,good but you need to fix the fail to server thing it is nouning but all of the other things are good but you ned to fix music mine pauses and gose pauses and gose but everthing eles good :D
,Not Recommended,321360,16605691,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,OneRepublic,♥♥♥♥ing loot system ruined this as well as the bugs and uncontrollable tupa.
,Recommended,321360,21355464,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mr.moseby,i love this game its somuch fun but it sucks when you have noone to play w/ or any severs to play allmy freinds hate this game but besides that 10/10 wouldrecomend buying p.s make sure u have freinds 2 play with orat least some one
76561198091775436,Recommended,321360,13264476,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Arby,4 words... GAME OF THE YEAR!!!
76561198105538689,Recommended,321360,15861999,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Aurik Lawrenz,I HAVE A SUGGESTION!!! PLEASE make both the raptors make cute noises like in the trailer from time to time. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The game is great btw.
,Recommended,321360,15891718,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BlockGrylls,i r8 8/8 m8 dieper changing sim 2420
76561198104317335,Recommended,321360,22613539,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,A Noob At Losing,buy its AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198267668672,Recommended,321360,29018878,Posted: 4 January,all,Gabbe,This is a really Good game and you kan be you favorite dino är kill humanes if you whant but you mhist not kill you Can chill and be à freaind with humanes and play and havet fun and i Really recomend it 👍
76561198047880080,Recommended,321360,30019760,Posted: 18 February,all,Rin Okumura,Friends you need them to play this game it is one of the best!!
,Recommended,321360,29528840,Posted: 27 January,all,headhunter1329,ok but watch for bugs
76561198134387735,Not Recommended,321360,31512268,Posted: 2 May,all,Springtrap,"Are you dead? Or has Ark wiped your motivation. Like have you seen the console version? Its like a cemetary, everythink is dead..................."
76561198092087631,Recommended,321360,34461891,Posted: 24 August,all,tapka,I love this game very much! It's basically like Dino-D day with more dinosaurs and no Nazis.
76561198301813250,Recommended,321360,25847972,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,beanman,I joined a free roamadmin said if everyone says MEOWhe will turn them smalldinos onlywe all said MEOW and he turned us small10/10
,Recommended,321360,26003877,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Errorname,"It's alright. Not that many servers. Some minor balance issues. There's better games for your money, but if you want to play as a Tyrannosaurus and eat some blokes it's probably the best option availible."
76561198244111174,Recommended,321360,34050245,Posted: 5 August,all,BleachForHollows,Awesome love it great graphics
,Recommended,321360,34091261,Posted: 7 August,all,Meowizer,"If you like playing as dinosaurs, then this game is good for that, but if you are looking for a dino survival game, get ark. Anyways, this game is great, I love it but there are only a few servers that are REAL kill servers, but hey I still love the game as a whole, and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for this type of game."
76561198142697519,Recommended,321360,29911333,Posted: 13 February,all,Tetra2000,"Primal Carnage: Extinction is a fun online multi-player, human vs dinosaurs thingymabob.Either you will choose to play a dino and run around hunting down pesky humans and doing things like pouncing on them with raptors, blinding them with Dilos or simply eating them whole as a T-rex.Or you will be running from building to building, grouping up and gunning down dinos as a human and doing things like blowing off heads with a shotgun, netting and stabbing dinos or blowing them up.The game is well balanced mostly with a limited number of Rexs allowed (1 per 5 humans I think) and limiting players from all going dino in deathmatches.However in Freeroam these limits don't apply so be warned for rexs everywhereOther than that this game is good, silly, sometimes intense fun and is definately worth trying if you like movies like Jurrasic Park / World9/10 - Its fun, silly and not too gimicky or one sided, however very few people play deathmatch, it's mostly freeroam             (Damn Rexs everywhere)"
76561198069610591,Recommended,321360,26276621,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DragonTemplar4,"Now granted yes the game has its issues with the Dev team smaller than what it used to be, the main focus is currently fixing Core Issues. Now this orginally was rather negative for various reseasons. Dinosuars still have a slight edge over human players. one of the developers did say it would be benifical to re-introduce (at least balance wise) Class cool downs/Restrictions on Tyrants.I still get a rush when i'm being chased by a giant T-rex."
76561198239735042,Recommended,321360,29649520,Posted: 2 February,all,NovaYT2908,Y the lag. I played this game last year fine/perfect on high graphics settings. PLS FIX!
,Recommended,321360,29729838,Posted: 5 February,all,Minecraft Miner 69,"Great Game Here are Pros and Cons:1. Teams may not look balanced(5 humans-10 dinos) but it is, Humans usually win if they group up.2. Graphics and Skins are Great! Better the Skin, better the Player.3. Market prices are lowering! Meaning you can get more... For less! (Note i am NOT a promoter hired by the Devs)4. comes with a SDK for skins and maps!5. Diversity of Gamemodes1 Get to the Chopper, Team Deathmatch, Free roam/Roleplay, Survival and Dino Deathmatch!6. HUGE diversity of maps! Contengincy,- nvm too many to write (im lazy)7. Always a server near or at full!8. Games cheap. :D (but i got it at 20$... maybe i shoud've waited)Cons:1. STUPID T-BAGGING (get revenge by T-bagging back)2. annoying kids complaining in chat (it is not THAT common, though)That's all Folks!"
76561198072131617,Recommended,321360,31051022,Posted: 9 April,all,Scoobls,it cool
76561198138169026,Recommended,321360,13794994,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,MoonLight,AWSOME GAME BUY ITTT!!!!!!
76561198030978104,Recommended,321360,13711061,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tylermcd93,"So far I love this game and here are some of my thoughts/opinions/critiques on it.Favorite Dino: PteraFavorite Human: ScientistSome changes I feel that would make the game more enjoyable: 9 times out of 10 (I'm making that statistic up but it's pretty close) the Dinos win. Very rarely do the humans win and I believe it's because of the following; The Dinos take way too many bullets to kill, which is sort of understandable except for the Novaraptor, Ptera, and Dilo. In one match it took me 11 shots from a sniper rifle to kill a Tyrant Dino at point blank range which is pretty rediculous. Also the Ptera and Novaraptors have special grapples which are cool however the humans have no way to fight against them once grappled and need teammates help to get out of it. Most of the time that doesn't happen and you end up dying with no other way to get out of the grapple. The Tyrants have way too much health though I understand why, their the tanks of the Dino team so it's understandable why, but still just tone down their health just a notch. Also Loot seems scarce in this game but that could just be specific servers.I don't really have any problem with the abilities the Dinos have except for the Novaraptor. It's extremely difficult(for me at least) to pounce on people because most of the time their moving. This is highly probable that it's because I'm bad, but it'd be nice if there was more magnetism when pouncing toward a human.These thoughts may seem like I hate the game and am just whining, however that is not the case. I do admit I am bad at games like these, so maybe(probably) these things may just be because I am bad at the game. Even though I feel this game needs a lot of work in the areas I mentioned, it's still a kickass game and I love every minute of it.8/10"
76561198079043728,Recommended,321360,13798662,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Spykitty358,this is by far much better then the first won ans yes it can be a bit buging but is in alpha still so its not 100% done. and if you ever get a bug you know what to do do a discusion and see what other peaple say like i did
,Not Recommended,321360,13342659,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"As with the first Primal Carnage:This is pretty much a low quality Left 4 Dead - with Dinosaurs. Very fun with friends.Is it better than Orion Dino Horde? Hell yeah!Should you buy it? Yes, but only if it is cheap!"
76561198009904426,Not Recommended,321360,13675483,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,shinrax,you should not buy this game for now.there are allot of poeple that are unable to connect to the servers cause of firewall blocking but even if you turn it of the error stays.you can still play the game online but without looting new gear for dinos and humans.
,Not Recommended,321360,13561275,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Echo Nine,"Don't get me wrong, it's an awesome idea for a game and could be such a good game with some changes.Wait for it's release though. Unless you have a 5 - 10 man group in a skype call communicating with each other, dinos will win every single round. Also dinos will have the most players in it every single round (obviously it's ♥♥♥♥ing dinos, everyone wants to play as one) and most of the dino classes are over powered.Played both sides so I know what it's like to be a dino. Trust me, it's pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Yes there are counter human classes but that doesn't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥when there are two dinos soaking up all the damage 1 hitting everyone, and pteras grabbing your snipers away. Goodluck winning as humans in random matches you play.~~~~~~~ WAIT FOR IT TO BE RELEASED OR UNTIL THEY ADD A DINO CAP! ~~~~~~~~~~I was in a game with 2 humans, 2 T-rexs and 2 other dinos. Seems legit and fair."
76561198004928683,Not Recommended,321360,13351565,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Odin,"Fun if you want to play as a human. If you want the stalking raptor and rampaging T-Rex kinda gameplay, play the original."
76561197960975158,Not Recommended,321360,13628709,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,IIllllIIIlllllIIIlllll,This game is buggy and horribly unbalanced. Instead of making santa hats and a market why not fix some bugs? The dinosaurs are overpowered which leads to most people stacking the dino team every game. Team autobalance is non existent. It's clunky to use the humans. Better to wait and see if they will finish this game and fix these issues.
,Not Recommended,321360,17061064,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Alex,Theres no more servers that arent empty or full and  i got banned from the only server cuz of breaking a rule so this game sucks now its just to full and when i finally get on the server BANNED reason for killing like wtf cuz i killed my team with the acro on free roam but it was fun when i got on a server but i like this game but its full now :(
76561198139928902,Recommended,321360,17837281,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,LaimGamer|.3.|,im wondering if yall can add the dinosaur Indominus rex from jurassic world? Please!! do it!
,Not Recommended,321360,17575857,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SuicideSilence,SSSSSSSSSSSTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPP DONT BUY OR DOWNLOAD UNLESS UR WILLING FOR MAJOR LAG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so i got this today...ya...i think i wasted my money. ITS LAGGY AS HECK!!!! plz fix this  ss
76561198007902046,Not Recommended,321360,17803173,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ryan,just really really bad like worse than my grammar and punctuiation bad
,Not Recommended,321360,17742086,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kermit The  Frog,So gave this game a try...all the servers i go to have terrible respawn times...cant get out of character selection screen as wont let me click on person i want (expect unbalance teams 20 dinos vs 3 humans etc)   I learnt in alot of the servers it was faster to leave and renter than the respawn times...    while i love playing the human side it would actually be nice to have balance teams...while many find the game fun I found the game lacks a helpful community and again the 4 minute wait on respawning
76561198100662763,Recommended,321360,13253574,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Atreyu,NEED MORE LOOT EVERY GAME I PLAY THERE IS NO LOOT AFTER THE GAME
,Recommended,321360,13256809,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Soraya,"I enjoyed these game so much. Which is better, the old or the new"
76561198076397768,Recommended,321360,21412081,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,boyglen913,Its fun and boring you love for a few days get bored a little and love it again!!
76561198177107529,Recommended,321360,22191043,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,KEEP THE FIRE HOT!!! CS.MONEY,dont mind him V this game is good for the teenage audience it had dinosaurs and dino saurs and dinosaurs but barely humans so ermmmm its a 5/10
76561198107931484,Recommended,321360,15089605,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,tekdiver,i yjink the game is awsome with the new skins and lots od details to the game this is one od my favorite games
76561198304474517,Recommended,321360,28729268,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The SpyCrab,"Great game, I have waited so long to play it. Glad to be able to play it now"
76561198301363304,Recommended,321360,22718182,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,taz43,~~
,Recommended,321360,29474095,Posted: 24 January,all,CrazyCrafter3,This game is very fun and I highly recommend but it's not much fun unles your playing with people you know but that's probably just me who thinks that. 5 Star rating
76561198216513205,Recommended,321360,29596071,Posted: 30 January,all,ABudgie,Endless amount of playtime fun killing dinos/killing people easy controls
,Recommended,321360,29437129,Posted: 22 January,all,TheLittleJelly,♥♥♥♥ing best game ewver
,Not Recommended,321360,17541011,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,damagemagnet01,This game is broken! Avoid at all costs. Save your money.The servers are messed up.I can't even begin to describe how useless this game is. You can't even play it!
76561198175265658,Recommended,321360,31794663,Posted: 16 May,all,(FGoW)Toast,AWESOME
76561198271721707,Recommended,321360,26527941,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Nuke,Super fun and entertaining worth the money_____________________________A must get game!!!
76561198165903502,Recommended,321360,22129491,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Tokyojimenez,My skins are gone! Can someone help meh get them back? <:(
76561198069593659,Not Recommended,321360,17508272,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,deadholmix,it is not good it is a bad game
76561198075804276,Not Recommended,321360,17242385,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,6Tea,"This game is awesome, but i got problem, i can't find the servers, i refreshed it many times, and its still nothing. Can someone help me?"
76561198104219272,Not Recommended,321360,17395863,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,pyroblu31,when i started playing the game i had fun its a lovely game and has beutiful looks and awesome team classes. the next couple of weeks i regret buying this game because on every map everyones a overpowered dinosaur and i play as a weak human because each time a person comes in the map they choose a dinosaur. the results every single game is 20 dinos against 2 or 3 humans and thats unfair so its kinda horrible when everything is unfairmy personnal opinion its a good looking game clever gamemodes awesome dinosaurs and humans but bad idea for a person to just play the game as a dinosaur when theres 0 humans and they just do nothing except for roaring running around and more useless junkmy prediction in the future a 9 year old will buy this for there birthday and they'll be happy to buy the game because they want to play there heroes but finds out they will play the game by doing absolutly noyhing and think there heroes are boring and wont care about something that they loved so hope your happy because you turned dinosaur games to be boring goodbyereason its horrible game balance is broken
76561198006573466,Not Recommended,321360,17465582,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Tuscarora,"Primage Carnage for less than $2 was a helluva a game.  I was so enthused with it that I purchased this one despite the warnings to the contrary... so I get into game, dump 12 sniper shots into the head of a dino and laugh as it turns effortlessly in my direction crosses the map and eats me.    Imbalances plague the game.  And they need a cooldown on the jump used by the small dinosaurs... all they do it jump jump jump jump it's silly."
76561198272418406,Recommended,321360,24601138,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,DinoSurvivor,good game it cool
76561198087785476,Not Recommended,321360,17102316,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,XxumadbroxX600,Why is this laging?
,Recommended,321360,30828786,Posted: 30 March,all,Vaporeon,"Um bom jogo! Um jogo que não tem  comunidade tóxica e com pessoas que são muito simpáticas! Tem skins para se poder trocar e colecionar e também acho muito divertido os modos de jogo e os dinossauros disponíveis para se jogar. Uma coisa que eu não achei bem foi que eu estou com fome.P.S.: Ganda jogo, COMPREM!P.S.2: TENHO FOME!!!!P.S.3: Ganda consola!P.S.4: Tu não pagas para jogar este jogo online no pc! Indireta!!!"
,Recommended,321360,13960706,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Nosebleed,lmaooooooooo
,Recommended,321360,28896638,Posted: 1 January,all,woop woop (rafi0101),this game is gudonly thing thats not helping is my connectiontry it out atleastwho cares if you have lag or notits gud
,Recommended,321360,21796749,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bun Bun ᕕ(⌐■_■)ᕗ ♪♬,"This game is a ton of fun, ppl be hating too much. It is super similar to just Primal carnage buttttt i would say this one is much better b/c not a lot of ppl have this version so you dont get those annoying laggy servers :D. I tend to enjoy just being a dino, i have like 4 dino games xD. Idc if the game is uneven in teams rn all i care about is being a dino and flying freely. There are servers that allow u to practice fighting with one another and those get boring after awhile but other than that I really love this game. lol STOP HATING SO MUCH."
76561198029181973,Recommended,321360,32710586,Posted: 23 June,all,Numinex,I like dinosaurs
,Recommended,321360,34314134,Posted: 17 August,all,★SprinklesYT★ツ #N00B,"Its a very fun game but its a total copy of the original, (the maps are pretty much the same) and the humans glitch on top of everything and dinos team with them sometimes i recommend it 50%"
76561198028625862,Not Recommended,321360,32657752,Posted: 22 June,all,Herbivore The Carnivorous Goat,"I bought this game and when I started to play, I tested out the classes and all that in solo, and it seemed pretty good. But as soon as I went into the server browser, I knew this wouldn't work out. The are no official servers for this game, and the only community servers are running the same goof off map with no team limits. I would be somewhat fine with that if it weren't for the fact that every single one of these servers is stacked 9:1 against the humans because of the lack of team limits and the fact that everyone wants to play the dinosaurs. After getting spawnkilled for the 10th time by 5 T-rexes, I went to get a refund."
76561198035372666,Recommended,321360,19520082,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sir Novaraptor,"this is the worst Half life 2 sequel ever, i don't understand the story and whats with the new head crab models,they look like raptors....... 0/10 would play again"
,Recommended,321360,26573720,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,VelociFraser,i love this game!
76561198079521342,Not Recommended,321360,33657889,Posted: 19 July,all,Jelly Butter,bad
76561198313134318,Recommended,321360,26546795,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,kaneke-kn,my market not open waypls help me
76561198353667142,Recommended,321360,32180769,Posted: 4 June,all,mameree,AWSOME! I LUV THIS GAME SO MUCH CANT GET ENOUGH IMA BUY THE DLC BUT WHEN I GET ROCKET LEUGE THEN START CLLETING SO YEA I PREFFOR THIS IS AMAIZING
76561198271861627,Recommended,321360,21673544,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Thatguy,I like the game but all my skins have gone
76561198142891415,Recommended,321360,25445133,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,DeadKaKi,How can i sell or buy stuff of other people
,Not Recommended,321360,20481094,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Julian108game,I am soo mad it wouldent work so i spent 100$ that i have been saving so i upgradeded my computer and it still wont work when ever i press play nothing happens. until they fix this i will be inraged that i spent 120$ on this stupid game.
76561197978795846,Not Recommended,321360,20992805,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,<WoM> DED4Evil,only played it for a view minutes. dinosaurs are totally imba.humans are always outnumbered and get slaughtered like cattle.everything costs real money.lots of graphic bugs.made me really angry to have spend money for this piece of ****graphics and animations are kind of nice.game modes could be nice.has kind of a jurrasic park feeling.but gameplay is frustrating (except you wanna slaughter outnumbered noobs).edit: gotta take some of what i said back. just had an unbalanced server. there is quite decent balancing on some servers. thats way more fun... (but still sucks ;D)
,Not Recommended,321360,31204347,Posted: 17 April,all,Cyclops,This game DELETED ALL OF MY SKINS for no aparent reason this is unfair it does not give a warning to when its gone just gets rid of all of my things
76561197971590217,Recommended,321360,29576832,Posted: 29 January,all,kizarvex,this is a awsome game some gliches but i sugggest to get it
76561198278857451,Not Recommended,321360,33791547,Posted: 25 July,all,NightCrow,The game is good good gameplay little bit of lag but the game sometimes just doesn't let you on servers crashing is basiclly the part of the game i needed to re install it to make it work
76561198309897840,Not Recommended,321360,33904111,Posted: 30 July,all,youtuberbryce,I do not recomend it is fun in single player. But... Multiplayer is a B***h Setting up a server seems to require a degree in coding skills to do. I mean sure you can join a random already poen server but there are times when you just want to play with you and your friends you know. But yeah like I said fun if you want a good single player but a private server in multiplayer is nearly impossible that is why I refunded this game. :(
76561198312996001,Recommended,321360,23720839,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,TheRealClowny_J5,awesome dinosaurs game that i ever played i hope in the future they updated add more human and dinosaur like albertosaurs and humans too btw the Game is really good dinosaurs vs Human this is cool Thank You for  making this game And [ WILL YOU SURVIVE ] !!!!
,Not Recommended,321360,30974125,Posted: 5 April,all,shimigames,i dont recoment this game is boring
,Recommended,321360,32995326,Posted: 29 June,all,TallyhoJrIV,LOVELY GAME! I love this game because I LOVE dinosaurs.One problem though is that I don't get much drops often now...
,Recommended,321360,33037891,Posted: 30 June,all,Goat enthusiast,I think they're dinosaurs in it.
,Recommended,321360,32739141,Posted: 24 June,all,Tenryujin,:)
76561198122719426,Not Recommended,321360,16860989,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Ya Boi Guzma,"This game is nothing like they images and video suggests. Theres literally no instructions, and they just throw you into a MMO world and say ""go!"". There no story play either. Definitly NOT worth the money I paid for it."
,Not Recommended,321360,16633979,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KRTFR,This game have to many glitches and no drops for a long time motivation (played over 16 hours now and didnt even get a single drop). For me personaly its very sad because this game could be good. But in the moment its not fun to play this game.
76561198026640219,Not Recommended,321360,17038149,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,~Sith Emperor Syniclus~,Compared to the original the gameplay is pathetic as are its physics. Walking over a human with a Tyrant will not kill them like it should. Humans seem to have a larger advantage on this version. The price is out rageous why did they even make a second version of it? The only alluring aspect of it is new dinos and maps to play. If you want to play the fun one pass this one and get the original extinction is not a worthy sequel in any aspect. 2 stomps out of 10
76561198326551963,Recommended,321360,28169334,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,JurassicJuan,This game is amazing!I'm not sure what to say.This game is too amazing for words.Go play it yourself and see what I mean.;)
,Recommended,321360,30764980,Posted: 26 March,all,DeepForestRex YT,"Could the devs add a WindowedFullscreen mode just like ARK and The Isle has? Also, I love this game! It's full of action and all that! It really gets my imagination going!"
,Recommended,321360,26164303,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,_KingOfScarves_,"Wonderful game, but for the love of the almighty Rex, up the drop rate chance. Played for seven hours staight, 3 drops. None a skin. Just more crates."
76561198296582998,Recommended,321360,27959737,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheGamingDinosaur,perfect game off shooting and hunting its amazing you NEED THO BUY THIS!!!!!
76561198087286665,Recommended,321360,29741661,Posted: 6 February,all,Mada Mada,extremley entertaining. i could chuck humans as a rex for hours! this game is extremley fun even without friends (sad music)and even more fun with friends! so get this game if you want to face off in a Dino vs Human arena/objective game.you an even join free roam servers (basicly a roleplay server) if you're into that.
,Recommended,321360,34136233,Posted: 9 August,all,✦ MKBadDill ✦,9/10
76561198327029758,Recommended,321360,28810332,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Episkey,It's to hard because i just bought it but i think i will improve soon and i love the game so much!!!
,Recommended,321360,28833645,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spinorexboy,Primal Carnage Extinction is a great game. If you love dinosaurs then this is the game for you.I would 100% recommend this game.
76561198125417194,Recommended,321360,29995602,Posted: 17 February,all,Pink (MMDCharizard),"I'd personally recommend this game for anybody looking for a decent game where you can play as either Humans or Dinosaurs and fight eachother. Ignore all the reviews about this game being worse than the original, and also ignore the ""dangerous RP servers"" that you may find on the list of open servers, you can simply even get past those types servers and keep looking to find better ones. I find great servers to play on everyday...even though they're not Primal Carnage Official Servers, which the ones I'm on usually always have an admin running it. I've never had a bad admin experience in PCE, and I'm usually the quiet one in chat, so nobody even knows I'm there unless I'm killing lots of dinos/humans or if I'm doing something really silly. That's another thing, the taunts and cosmetics for this game are great and sometimes very funny! They might be expensive as hell (like the Thriller Rapter taunt or whatever it's called), but still very funny to see when someone has it.All in all, the game is great, and I'd recommend it for anybody. Ignore the salty reviews from others, the game's great and the developers are still updating the game frequently to this day. My only complaint is that Acro and Carno both need lots of fixing (the bad hit detection for Acro and the weird ""stop running for no reason"" glitch for Carno), but other than that it's great~! I might also recommend the devs adding a tutorial for newbies like how Team Fortress 2 has one, and I might also recommend them updating the Primal Carnage In-game Store to have ALL of the items and not just a select few that aren't up on the Community Market. (They might never read this but whatever, lol, enjoyed the game, 'nuff said, still playing it to this day)"
76561198187842350,Recommended,321360,28110596,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,the original grill,"this game is very fun to play feels a little old but plays nicley , loads of good game modes to play and has a high player count so always people to play with"
,Not Recommended,321360,21535240,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,El Presidente,"This game was refunded shortly after initial purchase.I posted review, but then i changed it completely to avoid argues with this childish community. My review was flagged as ""Off-topic"" and on reviews page, on my profile, it was shown as ""Abusive"". Abusive? Seriously? I heard about Train Simulator 2014 story, where all negative reviews were flagged as off-topic. I feel that developers of this game do the same. Maybe i`m just unlucky one that attracted their attention.In my original review i explained what problems i had with this game. After reading some of negative reviews, i see that it`s not my personal problem with game, but common problem of many PC:E players.What problems?1. Childish community.2. Lack of actual gameplay. Not only there was few servers when i played. Three servers i played on had no action. First one had only one cheater. He was immortal and that`s it. Another server had 1 human and 1 dinosaur chatting. Great. What can be better than good`ol chat between two kids. I bought this game to play it, not to chat. I should feel guilty for killing poor dino i guess. He rested in grass and i violently killed him. Third server had another human and no dino`s. We just explored the map."
76561198118214805,Recommended,321360,24517367,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,yzguy128,now i have to install the game AGAIN? really steam
,Recommended,321360,14051420,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,🤡Pennywise the Dancing Clown🎈,I love this game!!! I've been wanting Primal Carnage for a long time! And now that it's in HD I love it even more!
76561197982551030,Not Recommended,321360,13848995,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Modyer,So far (5th january 2015) the original Primal Carnage is far better game all over. Don't get into EARLY ACCESS if you want a playable game. Hoping all the best for PCE's future and will deffinately be giving it a chance it deserves later on. For now it's all clunk and no funk.April 6th: Better optimization and over all feel than before. I still prefer the original Primal Carnage for darker ambient and atmosphere.
,Not Recommended,321360,13242105,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dark Apostle Lorgax -|αAΩω,This game is a meme now.
,Not Recommended,321360,14602923,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,THIS IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥Broken as hell and the updates don't do anyhting to fix it.DONT BUYIf you want your Jurassic Park fix get the first one. They did it well. UNLIKE THIS WASTE OF MONEY!!!
,Not Recommended,321360,14057813,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,༺SkuLLeyes ♰he Boogeyman༻,"> 19/01/2015 - One of the crappiest games i've ever played.. The updates goes from worse to worst.. Definitely don't waste ur money for this crap.. The devs interested only in money.. The game has so many issues and they try to earn as much they can from items.. It's my opinion, i know it's Early Access but i get mad when i see them to try earn money from crate loot instead to fix the game..> 07/02/2015 - Still one of the worst games i've ever played.. Lag Servers, Bugs, Cheaters , Unbalance! Plus many ppl and i , we lost some items from steam &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; Market! Keep ur money and buy something that will really worth it.. My advice! With this game, the only thing u can succeed is to break your nerves!!> 08/06/2015 - Still the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game i 've ever played! Crap gameplay, unbalanced teams, lag on servers!> 04/05/2017 Still a Cancer Game."
,Not Recommended,321360,13372604,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Belchicola,"Modern FPS that comes with Mouse acceleration ON and sensitivity adjustable in no smaller than 1/2 inch increments, by slider only. Yes, you read that right. SLIDER ONLY.Honestly, how can you not even allow small / numeric sensitivity adjustments?4/10 console game"
,Not Recommended,321360,14528201,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rated R Caparoni,"So the teamdeath match lasts for 2 mins?? ,and the game is almost dead 2-3 servers with 10-15 people only , dont buy this game i lost 3$ for nothing WOW!!"
76561198020786884,Not Recommended,321360,15226487,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Promilie,"Primal Carnage was a great game. Sure it had its bugs, but if fixed it would have had enormous potential. Sadly the game fell victim to incredibly incompetent management and toxic developers. Now all that is left is a steaming dump of bugs and broken game balance.Primal Carnage: Extinction, which was originally meant to be a patch for Primal Carnage, is even worse. IT IS WORSE THAN PRIMAL CARNAGE. That's a feat in and of itself. It too has suffered from incompetent management and toxic developers. But these were different developers. New people who apparently thought themselves better than their predecessors, and tried to re-invent the wheel for no apparent reason. They failed. All the things that made Primal Carnage good were taken out. All that is left is a crappy, buggy mess. And don't even get me STARTED on the community. But that's always been bad, so they get a pass on that one.The game does have some fantastic art though. I feel sorry for the poor and talented artists who have to work for Circle 5."
,Recommended,321360,15186800,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Paleomaster,"This game just like it's previous one is a fun entertaining Human vs. Dinosaur game. Now there are a few issues such as the autobalance, a bit of the camera, but this team does an excellent job to get it working to the best of their abilities. Also the newly added gamemode Survival is very similar to the popular zombie game mode in the recent COD games instead of killing the endless hordes of the undead you kill hordes of dinosaurs. Hmmm.....what else can I say. Oh ya you can play as DINOSAURS!!!! RAWR!!!!!! Hope to see you all on the hunting grounds."
76561198060176436,Not Recommended,321360,14716004,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,FrozenRavine,Is it fun? Yes.Does it have more content than the first one? Sorta.Is it worth the price? No.
76561197999489810,Not Recommended,321360,33048900,Posted: 30 June,all,Aristacah,"Game review:Here's what you do in this game: Stand in one place. Shoot dinosaurs. That's it! Or you can play the dinosaur and eat people who are standing in one place. Or you can run around the tiny little area shooting dinosaurs and eating people. Sound like fun? No? That's because it's not.When I say tiny, I mean, tiny.  I was laughing when I realized you couldn't leave the enclosure, so at least I got that out of the game.Good graphics, sound okay, cute dinosaurs, kill each other in an enclosed, tiny area. That's it! No wonder it was only $3.24. Glad I didn't pay more. Hope you don't, either. Even if it was free it would be a rip-off because it takes up space on your hard drive.It's your money. Spend it however you like...just not on this game."
76561198072029989,Not Recommended,321360,13222076,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,A Mori For Laurie,"I'm done. Primal Carnage was a game that I preordered, played 118+ hours and became my 3rd most played game on steam. This ""re-haul"" is atrocious. Bugs. Bugs everwhere. The animations are a joke, the servers are worse than they've ever been, the hitregistry and hitmarkers are impossible to even comment on. It's apparent that all effort over the past year was put into making the dinosaurs look good and that wouldn't be a problem if the same thing wasn't achieved by unpaid DeviantArt dinosaur artists in a quarter of the time. Do not advertise your game as a team deathmatch when you've only put your effort into one out of the two teams. I've never seen such lazy game design and effort before until I played the human side on PC:E.Many original PC players may remember me as the poster on the original forums that consistently asked devs to stop appealing to dinosaur fans and actually treating this as a game and not a dinosaur simulator. With each new patch these ""developers"" refused to listen to their mature players and ultimately brought PC from its original 20 full servers a day glory to its measly remaining 2 servers; one of which was a no-kill role-playing server full of 13 year-olds and a server specifically appealing to dinosaur fans with a higher cap of overpowered T-rexes.The original PC was a great game. Sure there were bugs but it was fun and obviously some effort was put into it to be a balanced team deathmatch with crazy dinosaurs and ridiculously fun, unique human classes. If they'd release the original Primal Carnage again without all of the catering ""balancing"" nerfs and buffs that ultimately lead to its downfall, I'd go back to playing it almost every day.This? Is insulting. What's worse? People are actually going to defend this."
76561198079613875,Not Recommended,321360,19666349,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,anitachall,"Dont get me wrong, I love this game, I really do, but its dead. There is to little content and new content comes very slowly, to add insult to injury it is ridden with hackers, tea bagging noobs/♥♥♥♥ and has a comunity that is mostly filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The actual gameplay is clunky and sloppy, both for humans and dinosaurs, the majority of the Roleplay comunity is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the graphics are pretty poor. Overall, I dont want you to waste your money on a game that is both poorly made and managed; as well as one that is pretty dead."
,Recommended,321360,23455815,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Ayla Liaris,"Not much of a reviewer but this needed a review.I started out by playing some TeamDeathMatch. I played alot of it, met some friends, from a friendly community, then when i scrolled down the server list there is RolePlay servers. They are absolutely amazing! Especially the MPQC roleplay no kill server where you are basically immortal and can pick a dino choose a name and roleplay :3Ive made so many new friends and have an entire new social life with this game, really good.Just want to say well done to the developers for introducing this fantastic game, really opened me up to meet new people.Thank you ^3^ 10/10 fantastic."
,Not Recommended,321360,18360940,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,pusman,Why can't we have a GOOD dinosaur game?
,Recommended,321360,16406374,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ACIDFORBLOOD,diego brando simulator10/10
76561197998941167,Not Recommended,321360,15721865,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Red,The original was so much better.  The balance in this game is non-existant.
,Recommended,321360,22118342,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,<{ÇÇH}×Çarçino×> @School,"Here's my review for this game from my personal point of view. I have no clue on what others may think but... here goes nothing. Meh.From my point of view, this game is fairly interesting~ that's if you want to kill but... however, there is a problem... there's not many TDM matches nor DDM matches. It's mainly Freeroam, Freeroam, and more Freeroam. So if you want to try to find a good TDM or DDM Server. Good luck, also... there's a thing called dino hogging and human hogging, in which is quite annoying as the other player cannot have a chance to be a dino/human. From one round to the next, dino/human constantly~ non-stop, sadly. Then you get those players who are fairly quite rude, they'd love to insult people over the stupidest of reasons. Sorry... but it is true. When you try to RP you see those mate beggars, skin beggars, and literally... -mating- RP's. It's natural and all but... seriously, some kiddo's play this game and it's rather not good to teach them -too- early. Think about the generations. q3q Also... there's some people who would love to assume some people are hackers when people who cheat can most likely get VAC banned easily if the system detects something on your computer that gives an unfair advantage. Lots of kiddo's on here... so be safe. Don't expect a surprise if one of them rage at ya'. xD Anyhow... the loot system. Uhh... where to start? Darn! The loot system itself gives really crappy items time to times, but sometimes if you're lucky you'll get a good item that you don't have-- yet. Considering I'm a Server Owner and quite lazy to do more typing in this review. I'd say PC:E is overall good if you wish to chill or release your stress unless an ignorant person comes in... just saying.EDITED @ 12 / 10 / 2016 ( 4:07 PM ) UPDATED REVIEW.Okay! Updated. Thought I might keep this review up to date, well; kinda. So, still mating RPers and PC:E is dying a bit as far as I know. I still enjoy the game though regardless! x3Recently been getting really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ comments from haters of PC:E, or getting attacked just because I enjoy this game.Don't know why some people gotta hate over liking a game but OK then.Seeing them improving the game and nerfing dinosaurs a bit... trying to balance them out...well... just be at least glad they are trying to put in an effort to satisfy you all.Making a game is hard enough for them. The world itself is changing to the point where many cannot admire the most simplest of things. >.<''It's kinda the truth tbh... look around you.I'm not here to start drama but to point some things out-- yes...Anyhow... review updated...~UPDATED REVIEW @ 7 / 12 / 2017 ( 6:49 PM )Game is slowly dying... sadly... but the developers are still working and updating the game.Hopefully all the players come back.~ ^.^"
76561198136175871,Not Recommended,321360,15212330,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The Punisher,"In the devs own words, ""This is a game that you play for 10 minutes and put down when you get bored."" yes this game only gives you 10 minutes worth of value since it has no goals or replayabilty. The unlocks are a joke. the weopons and human classes (characters) are the most cliche bunch of trash you can find. This is an arcade based game so no realism or graphical depth can be appreciated. It pretty much has last gen graphics, and for being a game that is supposed to look better since it was ""redesigned"" its like trying to polish a turd. They want to please the casual players with crap♥♥♥♥♥PC's and give enthusiasts no value at all. They tossed out the tessellation frame work completely and the texture pop in is rediculous. This game would probably have been noted back in 2005."
76561198050456102,Not Recommended,321360,24977929,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Shpeeno,Hai gaiys wanna roleplay? mah OC's name is *insert edgy af name here* and hes very antisocial and he can also *insert magical abilities themed around darkness and fire here* he's bigger than every other *insert dino here* and also more powerful than any other dino
76561198272042177,Not Recommended,321360,23318197,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Cosmic Narwhals,Honetsly the youtubers make it look 100 times easier and it is really tough I don\'t suggest this game for children.
76561198098540387,Not Recommended,321360,13274524,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,therisinghero1,They changed stuff that was perfictly fine before and they ruined it in my eyes.
,Recommended,321360,25896900,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Primal duck,primal carnage extinction is a great game pros:great graphicsfun gameplaycool skinscons:there are bugssome skins are expansivecrates and keys are not worth $2.00thats what i think
,Not Recommended,321360,34181078,Posted: 11 August,all,Come on Fegit,"Crashed my whole Notebook laptop. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling. When I tried to reinstall, it just said error and such. Not to mention the community is absolutely terrible."
76561198058806759,Recommended,321360,22785705,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Lucifer,Amazing game! Been playing it since december! It's really amazing!
,Recommended,321360,14776821,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,DarkWorg,great
76561198034162437,Not Recommended,321360,13991625,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Reverend,Primal Carnage Exteinction is not made by the original deveolpers of Pimal Carnage. They have taken the code & used it to make a money machine. The game at this state should be free to play with purchases for skins & the like. The original game is graphicaly better & more ballanced. I would say to buy the original Primal Carnage but I am sure they will shut it down soon.I still play the original game and it is still a lot of fun. I hope that the new deveolpoers will make extinction at least as good as the first but I am losing hope quickly.
,Recommended,321360,13480163,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Jmthebigman,"Great game, lots of potential.Granted its not perfect yet, but its early access and in Beta state.If you hate beta's and early access games please stay away for a while, most of the negative reviewers are people who dont know what an EAG or Beta is.I cant wait what the devs will add in the future everything looks very promising if you take the time to actually read what they post on the devboard, steam forum and the official forum."
76561198020887198,Recommended,321360,21326242,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,majorillin,DINOSAURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198206231760,Not Recommended,321360,31196690,Posted: 17 April,all,Beo,"Primal Carnage Extinction is FPS Game (or team) based on Jurassic Park. It mostly feels like you run around randomly on a map and looking for something to shoot at.  Be it with a sniper rifle, shoot gun or flamethrower...Apparently not my type of game as I lost interest rather quickly. Or I just didnt grasp the ""thing"" with it."
,Recommended,321360,22619112,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,0rb!tal,its cul
,Recommended,321360,18328839,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Diromas,THIS GAME IS OSOME COUS YOU CAN PLAY AS A DINOSAUR
,Recommended,321360,22751733,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,explosive09,would highly recamend
76561198119760943,Not Recommended,321360,21142539,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,heartagram_dragon,Cant connect to any servers and if i make my own friends cant ever find the game. Just more trouble that its worth to me
,Not Recommended,321360,14704479,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The Salted Turkey,All I have to say is you do not want this game!
76561198046199416,Not Recommended,321360,13502239,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tobbe/Diabolus Rex,I do not reccomend buying this game atm. It's extremly unbalanced and extremly full of glitches. But when it's fixed it should be more fun. But I recommend staying with normal Primal Carnage
76561198181124134,Recommended,321360,16485953,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,sketchymetal123,hi
76561198116680221,Recommended,321360,26152488,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[~PP~]Infamy,Great gametruly a great game to spend alot of time and a great game to get just for its market place search the history of any raptor legendary skin from their whole life time and you will see what I mean ;)
76561198089751480,Recommended,321360,22744303,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,assassindg,"Why do so many people complain about the humans? If you work as a team, you'll get plenty of kills, in some games that I've played in, humans REKT dinos, but in other games, humans went solo and got themselves killed.I play the humans commonly because of the thrill, I could just turn a corner and there's a huge T. Rex that wants to eat my face, it turns into a horror game all of a sudden basically.Both sides are quite balanced when they play in teams, then again I'm not very experienced as I only have 7.8 hours currently writing this review, but ignore the bad reviews, I'd definitely recommend this game for dino lovers, thrill seekers or anyone in general, it's AWESOME"
76561198297478090,Recommended,321360,29309850,Posted: 16 January,all,Paddock11,"dis is pretty good, i like it alot m8"
,Not Recommended,321360,18333055,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MyIPodTouchedMe,"This game was terrible, I couldn't even make it through 20 mins. Every server is roleplaying, and when you find one that isn't, it's just spawn killing. This game was terrible!!!"
76561198126978076,Not Recommended,321360,14230808,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Dragon,no the graphics r terrible
,Not Recommended,321360,14184232,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Theodore,god gam
,Recommended,321360,22522922,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ood yboocs,Floppy bannana butt cakes
76561198027321928,Not Recommended,321360,13507508,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Crazysupermelon,"Seeing as its an exact copy of the previous game, its amamzing how much worse they've made it."
,Recommended,321360,29132706,Posted: 8 January,all,Arabella,"I love this game!I honestly can't say anything wrong about this game besides there is hardly ANY updates. Everything else is spot on! It hardly ever crashes, No lag for me EVER. But one other thing is that the admins really abuse their power, And it really sometimes takes you out of the game. For example, If you accidentally trample someone the admins don't even give you chance to explain, They just ban/kick you right away, This really does my head in because i've legit never purposely trampled someone but yet i've been kicked so many times. Just realised how long i've been rambling on about power abusers. Ok anywayGet this game if you...Like DinosLike mild goreLike multiplayerLike RP, Gamemodes ectOverall having a good time!I really recommend this game as i've put many hours into it and im STILL not bored! Money well spent!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT: Recently with one of the updates the game has started crashing, Still works decently though."
,Recommended,321360,14060722,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,One Stand More,"Muldoon exclaims ""Shoot her!"",  his voice cracking under his gravelly Austrailian accent...but raptors are pack hunters/10"
,Not Recommended,321360,15805951,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Rotiart,"They pulled a TF2.It has crates, and skins, and all that jazz.And the Trade Community's toxicity.My Previous Review Below (In quotes)""Yee"""
76561198123677270,Recommended,321360,26493005,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,II☞(`ツ´)☞,:)))))))))))
76561197995241631,Not Recommended,321360,33592408,Posted: 16 July,all,Blenderhead,This game somehow manages to make fighting dinosaurs with a flamethrower that has a chainsaw attached to it boring.
76561198294397853,Recommended,321360,29564029,Posted: 29 January,all,Pheonix,Dinosaurs: 100/10Humans: 99/10Skins: FAB
,Recommended,321360,29765761,Posted: 7 February,all,Russian Hamster,"My Edgy'Ometer broke.Please, help me."
,Recommended,321360,23632214,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,CretoX,Dis gam iz gud ef yu loike umbawancePors:CozmeetecsCons:Dnios r op nad shud mot b smurfed
76561198008157217,Not Recommended,321360,33592414,Posted: 16 July,all,mozlum,This was _surprisingly_ unfun.
76561198230087708,Not Recommended,321360,18155156,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Anklespankin,plzz help?|!! i wanted to buy i skin for the t rex when i clicked on it i waited soo long and it wouldnt ggo to the payment thing how can i buy a skin
76561198191265934,Not Recommended,321360,16547219,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,RandomPhantom,"I Really loved the first Primal Carnage for its fun gameplay and great community. however when i bought PC: Extinction i expected something better (which makes sense right?). But its worse. Sure, the graphics  and the textures are great but all this isnt worth anything if you dont have a working community. There are only a couple of servers and 80% of them a stupid roleplay servers! The Handling of the Dinosaurs was much better in the first one.And even the first one which has like 5 Servers in total today has much more gameplay to offer than PC:Extinction. Even GET TO THE CHOPPER mode works in Primal Carnage but PC:E cant even get a decent TDM server right. So if you liked the first one and want to upgrade...This is NOT the game for you."
,Recommended,321360,30365485,Posted: 6 March,all,November,this game is fun but u hate that role play♥♥♥♥♥
76561198393361836,Recommended,321360,32748746,Posted: 24 June,all,firefox3645,its a good game at first it did not work but know it does
76561198084125990,Not Recommended,321360,15314970,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,You,Terrible do not buy this game.
76561198068646628,Not Recommended,321360,15833612,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Thrash,The hit detection is ♥♥♥♥ed.
76561198156415394,Not Recommended,321360,16032395,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,D3HN1NJ4,Doesnt go past loading servers without crashing on my laptop GTX gpu and intel i7 w/ 12gb ram. Works on my brothers rig though fine. Not recommended for MSI laptop owners.
76561198205316083,Not Recommended,321360,16923917,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,aj_44444,I purchased the game but cannot play it because it is so slow!!!!
,Not Recommended,321360,15318112,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Hothrus,So much rubber banding that I feel like im playing a battlefield game
76561198019860024,Not Recommended,321360,15310899,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Tokarun,"Dinosaurs look great, but same old human vs blank issue. noone wants to play the humans, and this version of the game appears to be much less accurate than the old version. Even after checking my connection and running all the standard checks, I still found that, for example, as a raptor I miss most leap attempts to pin the enemy despite pinpoint accuracy on my screen. I will land on top of them... but I also won't. Then we have the issue with clipping, getting stuck on the terrain, falling through the floor...want to love it but kinda hard to do so in its current form, if they fix it go for it, otherwise no."
76561198119717835,Not Recommended,321360,15267711,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,FormulaBlack,the first primal is 10x better than this big pile of mess. but lets see what u can do i guess.
,Not Recommended,321360,15297765,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,DJEcliptik,"I hope you like playing as Dinosaurs, because if you play as a hunter, you are going to lose. Dinosaurs always win in this game, FYI."
,Not Recommended,321360,15348483,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Chad Thundercock,"Honeslty, I REALLY want this game to succeed, but at it's current state I wish there was a ""Mixed"" recommendation.And before you start going ballistic, I'M NOT HATING ON THIS GAME IN ANY WAY. There's just some critizations I must make.I am a big fan of the original Primal Carnage, over 200 hours into that game. However, this ""release"" of the game is an EVEN BUGGIER and more unbalanced version of the original Primal Carnage. This game was in no way ready to get out of Early Access.8/10 Dinosaurs will most likely win, due the lack of organization possible with humans. Human spawns are completly out of wack; you could find yourself spawning right next to a Tyrant if you're unlucky enough. After every update within the Early Access, I felt like there were 5 more nerfs for every buff the humans got. WE GET IT, this game is centered around the dinosaurs, but it really feels like you're being punished for playing as a human.Another seriously annoying thing is the immaturity in the community. I understand that kids like dinosaurs, I get that. However, these kids act like they're brainwashed, and become as stubborn as a mule if any critisism is brought up. I know this isn't really the fault of the devs, but I had to bring it up.Finally, I really feel like the Devs' agenda is completly out of wack, putting there attention that THEY REALLY DO NOT NEED RIGHT NOW. For example, trying to turn this game into CSGO/TF2 with their keys and crates, instead of fixing the possibly game breaking glitches and broken gameplay.Well, I guess that's enough ranting. If you can somehow get past all of the troubles, this game is damn fun (At least as a Dinosaur). If you're okay with seeing a game grow, don't let any of these side effects discourage you in getting Primal Carnage: Extinction. Again, I DONT HATE THE GAME, I really want to see it do well. It's just at the current state, It feels very wonky for a fully release game. I'd give it a 6.3/10 for now."
,Recommended,321360,28061942,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GojiraGuy,I like deinosawrsI r8 360/420I gotta catch all dem skinssss
,Not Recommended,321360,20953233,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,A.D.Mynx,Neverending Scam with gigant filesize updates without any improvement!
76561198147970291,Recommended,321360,25389332,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,SoTotallyPony,good game tbh
76561198251205514,Recommended,321360,29366497,Posted: 19 January,all,call of the crazy,i hope they fix the sdk
76561198055390357,Recommended,321360,29270883,Posted: 15 January,all,Alfdogg,good
76561198023420475,Recommended,321360,13846210,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Paranormalcactus,so how does this compare to primal canage well its current build the economy update.the balance.dinos -raptor class:i wish their strikes would kill on 3 or 2 hits or their attack speed would be increased.i also wish they didnt have to rely on pounce assist to leap.the carno: no complaints here other then they need a slightly stronger ram attack.petra class: again no complains im sure the humans find them to be annoying as hell though.trex class: no complaints other then maybe a slight speed boost.dilo alternate class: this guys acid spit needs to be buffed hardcore.humans -the commando: his grenades need to be nerfed somewhat. his bassic assault riffle should be buffed.the scientist: havnt played her enough so cant say.the pyro:  could use a bit of a attack power buff. his flare gun should be altered so that if the flares dont hit anything they blind dinos like the pathfinders and then when they go out they explode in a bonfire :D.the pathfinder: possibly the lamest class on the humans no offense but he needs to be spiced up maybe his shotgun could be remodeled to have a undermounted assault riffle or something. hes just boring to use imo. or his shotgun needs a buff hardcore as well if it is to be his only weapon.the trapper: the most underpowered class of them all he needs new revolvers i would like to see him with some uber powerful like smith and wesson model 500s or colt pythons long barreled.overall-the humans need some buffs here and there they also need a speed nerf it should be equal balance.the dinos i have no real complaints though i havnt played the alternate classes except for the cyro and spino.the graphics are alright but i play at low quality because i prefer performance over the shiny.i wish they would allow us to turn off the dino hats client side and for the humans allow us to decide which hats we want visible on characters and other players.i also wish keys and skins were loot drops and the loot drops were per match.the controls feel good i wish the aim sensitivity was larger for humans as for dinos its ok.verdict-so if you have friends and you love dinos and like asymetrical humans verses critters gameplay then this game should be a worthy buy.
,Not Recommended,321360,14298871,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Bearshark™,Pro:- DinosaursCon:- Game balance- Gameplay- Bugs and glitches- Everything else
,Not Recommended,321360,15526813,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,JD,If you want a fun Dinosaur vs Humans game try out the first Primal Carnage. If you want a game where there's only 1 server that's not filled with roleplayers then this is for you.
,Not Recommended,321360,13269112,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Hentai Senpai,"if feels so cluncky just so... weird. maybe wait until it comes out of early access. its not good, just got out of a BSOD because of this game :/"
,Recommended,321360,15197452,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kirk Steele,Very fun dino PvP game.Fast paced and full of action.
76561198026909833,Not Recommended,321360,14363871,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Thanks Obama,"Basically, to sum it up for the old players of this game: they've actually nerfed the humans' damage by about half and buffed dinosaur damage greatly. They still have not fixed human spawning issues where at least 2/3 times you spawn, you will be killed by a dinosaur within seconds because you'll be alone. They nerfed humans' ammunition capacity, firing rate and health. They've actually managed to make this game more imbalanced than the first version; the one where dinosaurs won probably 90% of matches.TL;DR: I'm glad I only lost $3 on this game because it's absolutely pathetic."
,Not Recommended,321360,14408038,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Games4You.LT - Robesas,"I played Primal Carnage: Extinction for only 20minutes, but i get enough of this game. The idea of game is quite good, but that's all about it, i know it's beta but still game mechanics feels too old, i don't recommend this game..."
76561198005688718,Not Recommended,321360,15443428,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Ravage,"Game itself promotes extreme greed and benefits the internal connection, which means forum moderator will defend his/her friends despite the fact that their friends are greedy as hell. Just go and check the steam market section of this game and the skins' pricing will speak for itself. Bugs and glitches as usual and the past people that run the game play favors for the people that they like. Including rigging the tournament team roster and 'helping' out their own favorite tournament teams. Primal Carnage is almost extinct thanks to pathetic people that runs this franchise, and people that enjoys playing 'Barbie' and 'Ken' roles in game."
,Not Recommended,321360,14321501,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Krombopulos Michael,"I literally cannot write a short review about this game, I've deleted three short story sized reviews on this game then deleted them trying to make a short one. The gameplay just makes me feel like they are  selling a broken version of PC where you can spend money to buy aesthetic options to make yourself feel better. idk.Honestly if you've played the original. This is like when climbing up the stairs of progress, they tripped and fell a whole couple of flights down past where they started, now laying there with a concussion and feeling like you just got hit by a train."
76561198043705231,Not Recommended,321360,14468279,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chudbo,"It has a lot of fun potential but is ruined by two thingts, imbalance and division of the playerbase. Half the servers that are up are either RP servers in which you sit around and do nothing for fun. Not entirely sure what the appeal of that is but oh well, and the other half are loot servers where rounds end every few seconds and no actual gameplay gets done.The second thing that kills the game is the poor balance spread throughout the classes. Most of the human classes are near useless with the exception of the trapper who can instantly take down any small dino with minimal effort with the net gun. Also, his the proximity mines are broken beyond reason. They near 1 shot any small dino and can be tossed like grenades since there is 0 arm time all while dealing 0 damage to the trapper if he is caught in the radius.On the dino side the game is a bit more fun but with some huge glaring issues for some of the dinos. Namely the spinos/trex. They are nearly unstopable unless you have your entire team holed up where they cant get. 1500 health and they restore a large portion every time they eat someone (which has an absurdley broken radius) None of the humans are particulary well equipped to deal with them. Sure they have huge hit boxes but its never enough with their mitigation via roar + healing.All in all its fun but frustration is bound to happen when you join one of the only 3 servers thats actually playing the real game only to find its enitrely team stacked where you have to be a human and they have 2 spinos running around with 50 kills 0 deaths each, and not being able to do literally anything because its impossible to solo them. Or on the other end of the spectrum you join the dinos and the entire team are trappers setting up massive minefields.Some changes I think would benefit the game are-Slightly less health on Trex/spino and halve the healing amount-Slow down the time to kill on raptor pounces, giving team mates slightly more time to rescue you-Add a small animation to the trappers knife when you have a small dino netted, shouldnt just be a run up and right click for free kill-Add a 2-3 second arm time for mines. They should act as mines, not grenades.-Buff accuracy for commando-Buff afterburn damage on pyro slightly"
,Not Recommended,321360,15909840,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,[Sabre-Toothed] Lemur,"Dino Vs. Human multiplayer game. With skins and gun camos. What isn't there to like?Unfortunately, more things than I can handle.TL;DR: Great game, but too broken and frustrating for mePros of the game:-Beautiful animation for the dinosaurs-Dinosaurs are amazingly awesome and fun to play-Quite a few maps and gametypes-Free random drop system-Well-crafted textures-Each dino is unique in its playstyle, allowing for all sorts of different ways to kill humansCons of the game:-Occasional glitches in the game, including teleporting players, broken reload animations, etc.-Servers are glitchy-Humans really generic and boring to play-Each match is highly imbalanced, and almost always in favor of the dinos-Matches hardly ever feel unique or diferent from the othersDespite the large amount of cons, I still played the game here and there in random increments. What really pushed me over to write a review was today, when I joined a regular TDM server. I was forced to join humans (which is the norm) and waited until the next round to play dinos, like everybody else.  Less than two minutes into the game, I was autobalanced to the human side. A little annoying, whatever, but I shrugged it off and played through the rest of the round, waiting once again for my turn to be on dinos. Round ended, got to play dinos. And once again, not even half-way into the match, I was balanced to humans. I huffed in annoyance, but once again kept playing. Next round. Move to dinos, prepare to finally have some fun. You can guess what happens next: autobalanced a third time, this time not even a minute into the game. Exit game, Write Review, and that's where I am now."
,Recommended,321360,13717433,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Cenade,Pteranodon Simulator
,Not Recommended,321360,14291390,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Barry Scott,Terrible game. No different than the original rendition of this game with nothing being improved upon at all. You are essentially paying for a loot crate update ala cs:go style. Stick with primal carnage if you want a dino game cos this does not improve upon it at all.
,Not Recommended,321360,13315279,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,CR4CK,Dont by itGameplay nice and funnythe tech is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥twait for updates and sales and it haves the chance to be a good game.at the moment its a peace of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198013283527,Not Recommended,321360,13533653,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SEXY CRABS,"Primal Carnage: Frame Rate Extinction is Back, and Buggier than ever!Experience the intensity between a team of highly trained sacrafical lambs, and a team of lag-switching teleporting theropods as they duke it out to prove that this game is a buggy piece of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥You're probably just gonna vote this review down, because I know the Primal Carnage crowd, the league of diehard dinosaur fans, who have no other games to turn to, but what the hell?! This game is practically broken, I haven't been able to get into a single game, and in my lone hosted server tryout, I found that the controls are once again twisted to make them seem ""better"" yet only confuses you. They also seem to now have a ""store"" and many different skins for the masses, yet this is irrelevant, if not just to show us how the new developers want more money. Early access or not, this game is built off Primal Carnage!!! The framework is there, you may have a new engine or whatnot (I could look into exactly what they've changed, but why would I when the garbage in my face might as well be a brick wall?)There used to be a day, when I played the Beta of Primal Carnage, and was wowed and shocked by the amazing concept and gameplay. The bugs were there, sure, but Beta is Beta. Yet time marched on, and Primal Carnage, with every new update, became worse and worse, until I cringed to see it in my library. Then, one day, there was this game, a shining ray of hope. ""Wow!"" I thought ""Is this real? Can I finally play Primal Carnage again, and not be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by bugs and glitches?"" NO! I can't! Of course I can't, because no matter how hard devs seem to work on this game, it never fixes. Each new fix brings 2 bugs! I really want this game to be successful, it's not everyday games have PLAYABLE Dinosaurs in them, but I must end, for this rant will keep going if I don't.In the End, for all of you who want to get this buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ go ahead! Knock yourselves out! If you are going to get it, get it as a discount, for your own sake! $5 is top for this game at this stage. Check back maybe in 6 months or so, maybe it won't be horrible.R.I.P. Primal Carnage...R.I.P."
76561198343990142,Not Recommended,321360,29302028,Posted: 16 January,all,WolfTreasures,"I couldn't even open this game. It's terrible, and that's 20.00 down the drain! I want my money back, and to uninstall this game for good. It might just be that I have only 3 RAM, but since Primal Carnage only requires 3 RAM, I plan on getting that one. Hope I don't waste 8.00 -.-"
,Not Recommended,321360,14000759,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Super Cool Computer Nerdicorn,"for who plays original primal carnage:Dont buy it!! there is not same playing system like in original gameI played it first 10 minutes and I am not satisfied with playingit is wery different from original game and team balance is very bad toso if u are playing original primal carnage, dont buy this game and stil play original game.there are many problems to fix."
76561198029252666,Not Recommended,321360,13460884,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,helloworld,This game is a fail. Pteranodons make me lag spike like crazy. All other dinos don't. Pyro is shooting his lagthrower for now. If there could be a server set up with no pteras or pyros I'd be happy. But for now... no. This is just another company taking advantage of the dinosaur gamers out there. Not going to accept this and I will not be buying Primal Carnage Genesis because of this mistreatment. It does not run smoother and very few updates are actual improvements. My advice: add some ♥♥♥♥ing AI for people when the servers inevitably die so this game won't be a COMPLETE waste of money! Just gonna delete this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥from my memory with some weed.
,Recommended,321360,19501367,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,{Or.ca} GreatWhiteOrca,"OMFG SO GOOD 11/10 IGN ""WOULD PLAY AGAIN""-IGN"
,Not Recommended,321360,15236120,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,uHostPro,"FIX AUTOBALANCE.Don't have a person already invested in the team, have to switch, because some new person joined the team.  Switch the people who have been on the team the LEAST amount of time."
76561198054982390,Not Recommended,321360,16692613,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DiSpencer,"Although I do enjoy this game, I do not recommend it for the following:- The Spawns are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Often spawning in the midst or right infront of a dino / human, as well as spawning unable to move or shoot.- Not many servers, and only a few of them are ever populated, and sadly, the roleplay servers are much more often populated than the Team Deathmatch servers. Survival servers don't work and no one ever plays get to the chopper.- Server browser is often displays inaccurate information about the number of players on the server.- You are unable to close the class select and team select menus once opened, the only way to close them is to select a class / team, with selecting a class resulting in you dying no matter what.- In Team Deathmatch, players who kill themselves with their own explosives on a dino do not count as getting killed by a dino. Also sometimes you won't be awarded for killing a player if you knock them off the map or kill them with fall damage.- Some dinosaurs and weapons unbalanced, which is a given with any game not too far in development, but the Scientists new Tranq Rifle is so ♥♥♥♥ing broken and overpowered.- Smaller dinos being able to jump around like crazy while using little stamina.All-in-all, this game in its current state can be fun, but is also very rage inducing. For people interested in purchasing Extinction, I recommend that you hold off buying this, and maybe instead go play the original Primal Carnage."
76561198203559784,Not Recommended,321360,33359555,Posted: 7 July,all,Foxpool,"i thought it was like ark more and its  nothing like ark so idont like any of the modes, and i got it because my friend loves it but i dont see why he loves it so much."
76561198273834969,Not Recommended,321360,25405907,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,luke,it ok but you need a realy good computer to run it.but all the rest is good about it.
76561198018771921,Not Recommended,321360,30305303,Posted: 3 March,all,LORD OF THE NAUGHTY BUNS,"Hard to hit or kill a large or huge dinosuar. Impossible to kill a large or huge dinosaur. Overrall, a lack of effort and imagination was not put into this game. It would seem the game is only partial. I would recommend Orion over this game, anyday."
,Not Recommended,321360,15209585,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Mogibear,This is the game that you want to root for and play but you just cant. When I see more improvements to combat and the constant lag and gliches I will come back.
,Recommended,321360,26230135,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ᴹʳBlu | Ronwantread,"Well, this game is decent,not 2 bad, not 2 good. I like the first one when it came out in 2012, but then extinction came and im planning to buy this, but after playing, there is just few players,skins, and op dinoa. Yes. Op dinos. This game needs balancing becuz most of the time dinos win, not many south east asia servers and mostly free roam servers. Hitboxes are broken. But this game is fun if u like dinos, amd hey! Thats me."
,Recommended,321360,15527006,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,★WildSpaceGuy★,It's Ok But Like A Skin Collector Game It's Great 9/11
,Not Recommended,321360,14162888,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The Booty Bandit,"I like how I had to pay for an ""Update"" as the devs used to call it. Damn, better hope the trend of paying for promised UPDATES doesn't spread. I'd hate to pay for an UPDATE in every other game I play."
76561198023710145,Not Recommended,321360,14119506,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Dascuro,"Okay, I played the first game, it was adecuate but dumb ""balance"" decisions were implemented and that game started to go the trash, then new modes were added that are not fun, at all, if you play as a dinosaur (which is the single solitary reason anybody would give this game a second glance) you are to be not entertained, and if you play human, youll get a better time playing a free to play game than this cause the FPS is not even well realised.Now this new game, or as people who have played the first one like to call it ""the patch that those developers promised and never deliver"" takes all the still barely working mechanics of the original and make it unplayably bad, raptors who cant hunt to save their lifes, Spinosaurus who are a glorified sitting duck, Glitches which makes all classes and dinos unplayable as intended and a moronic map layout which makes one wonder why would anybody would spend money, much less time in this game at all.oh and recently as this review goes up, you get a loot system, for a barely functional game, who's community is tired of betrayals, backstabs and shunnings from every direction for the sake of a quick buck which is close to a steal, loot is nothing but skins with different levels of saturation, a lazy one at that but having the lack of shame to ask for money for that? just dont buy nor play this, unless you either love dinos or like an abusive kind of capitalism which would make any EA executive blush in shame."
76561198041150696,Not Recommended,321360,13561741,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Yournanna34,"Purchased some dino skin packs and now they have Dissapeared, anyone else expierencing this??"
76561198131361463,Not Recommended,321360,13759151,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jawanzabrex,it wont let me play it wont even open!
,Recommended,321360,25456177,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,im a lil pusseh,you want a dinosaur cs:go? play this game..
,Not Recommended,321360,14336126,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mullato Butts,This game is terrible. I liked the older one better. And i bought this for $2.50. Should have bought some gum
76561198146565734,Not Recommended,321360,32800449,Posted: 25 June,all,TZavhunta,its freezes alot and runs good the FREEZE the runs fine THE freeze
76561198110848529,Not Recommended,321360,31347324,Posted: 24 April,all,-[FF]-BeavisTroll®,"IF YOU HAVE A LOW END COMPUTER, EVEN IT IF IS A WNDOWS 8.1, DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!The frame rate runs at 2 per second on full settings, and makes the game crash when I join a full service and a event occurs, freezing my system and forcing me to shut it off. The lag is unbearable, the ping is so high and harsh on my PC that it slows me down from not only to become target practice for other players, but to enjoy the beauty and scenery around the game's world as well. The Admins on community servers are a**holes and kick you for just playing casually and kick you again when you come back before you even have a chance to say sorry.  Gameplay is unrealistly and needs maturing instead of comical outfits and character designs you see from Borderlands 2.  This game is way too much like TF2 and the cosmetics and skins are not worth buying.  The customer service is bad and rarely responds. Because of all of this, combined with the forced-low graphics that pre-date the 90's, this game is a major disappointment for modern day genre shooters.Save your money for something else, like a Free to play game, a subway, a vase of flowers, instead of wasting it on this.  0/10 this game is a failure for future FPSs and the producers should feel ashamed."
76561198115061106,Not Recommended,321360,17087600,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,dino1902,"Alright, What's the difference?"
,Recommended,321360,26135793,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DracuLλmbda,"This game is like every okay dinosaur game that no one plays+ A shooter game, suprisingly, It's bloody awesome, The premise is either Humans verus Dinosaurs in a deahmatch style format, a game mode that's like capture points, and finally, my favorite, playing as dinsoaurs in a casual, no killing enviroment. But, you think "" Oh, well, the dinosaurs will always win, it doesn't sound fair."" And, your wrong, snipers take out small dinsaurs pretty quick and the commander and the pyro take out dinosaurs like T.rex out really fast when combined. But, raptors also have a upper hand, but I could be saying the counters to everything forever. The game has 2 secret rooms, this is the hideout that no one knows about, except the dinosaurs. It's a secret to everyone, but dilophosaurus. Don't stay put, don't stay mobile, I think, a T.rex is behind you."
,Not Recommended,321360,15212510,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Forehandcookie,"As much as I love this game i have to say this is a horrable unbalanced game. Reasons why are...- 4 hits from a novarapter kills you, it takes 4 for a carnovious to kill you (carnovious is like 10 times the size). Novarapters are to fast and to much health, not to mention there 1 hit kill F*cking pounce.-Horrable hit detection for t-rex and spino. Not to mention there are 3 F*cking spinos at a map at a time which respawn in 4 seconds and 1 shot kill you.-Some maps are awful for humans(some for dinos too)-At times you spawn under the map or on a cliff, over the sea too.-I spawned in a cliff once AND I WAS A F*CKING SPINO A 9 TON F*UCKING LARGE 60 FOOT  ON A CLIFF. YES THE GAME MISTAKED ME FOR A PTERODACTYLUS A FLYING DINO."
76561198068336219,Not Recommended,321360,15208769,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,SprayArtist™,"Not much of a improvement from the original primal carnage, only difference is the UI, gameplay is just different for the sake of being different. If you had the choice of buying the game full price, i do not recommend it one bit."
,Recommended,321360,28229177,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,✯⋊ThunderNova⋉✯,I'd say this is a great game(good for roleplaying ^^ :3 XD)
,Not Recommended,321360,15337791,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Frank West,"It sucks, just like the first one."
76561198031492716,Not Recommended,321360,15444004,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Nursultan Talyakbay,Great idea terrible execution.  Graphics are awful and control is pretty bad too...   This needs to be done again properly.  I want my money back.
76561197994103713,Not Recommended,321360,15331696,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Vethraxx,"Personally I am sorry that I wasted my money on this game. If you DON""T play the dinosaurs, you simply don't win. The Human weapons are weak and inefective.  The small dinosaurs are so fast that you have NO HOPE of shooting them. You wound them, they simply go eat, heal up and they are back to kill you. The dinosaurs never run out of ammo, they never get stuck in the re-load. The game is also very buggy. I was playing the pyro and I would get stuck in my pistol mode and not be able to switch weapons back. The Carnotaurs is buggy. You simply just freeze on the screen. With no hope of weapons upgrades, better armor for the humans.... I can't see playing more than for a day and moving on to something that doesn't make you feel like someone elses punching bag all day long.I like the concept, it just needs to be evened out."
76561198061071512,Not Recommended,321360,15468680,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ุ,Waste of money Humans so unbalanced DEVS dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy this game if you value your hard earned cash
,Not Recommended,321360,15627406,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,D1G1TALAXE,"This game is terribe. A rehash of the first and basically identical.  Almost no servers whatsoever, and the ones that are there are no-kill.  Save your money."
76561198133886507,Not Recommended,321360,16248876,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Dalek,no
,Not Recommended,321360,16100062,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Universal,"I don't know why but PCE is very slow on my comp. and i still have alot of Disk space. if there is a bug for the game to be slow, i would like for it to be fixed. If it isn't i would like to be refunded. If anyone ever had this Prob. and fixed it, please tell me so i don't have get a different game. I tryed changing my res. but it didn't work. Restarting my computer didn't work either. PLEASE FIX! or I WOULD LIKE TO BE REFUNDED!"
,Not Recommended,321360,15328927,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,eagle,"It's fine in many ways, but the biggest issue in my opinion is imbalance, the game is completely imbalanced in nearly classes,The pyro is an idiot's class, all you do is run around as a scottard and spam flame everywhere.The commando is like the above, except you get a grenade launcher and instead of flame you use bullets.The trapper is just stupidly op, the net goes extremely quickly and at an extreme range, also the hitbox is gigantic.The scientist has a stupidly weak sniper and a stupidly-mostly-useless dart gun.the Raptor is extremely good at pretty much♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥anyone who isn't in a group, so people must cluster up,but my biggest complaint is the ptera, it can be so much fun and challange if it was balanced, at first, it was very OP, you would easily be able to grab humans and drop them off small heights to kill them, but now after the human♥♥♥♥ complained about it, the retarddevs completely ♥♥♥♥ed it up, nerfed it so hard that it even jesus himself probably couldn't do it, very tiny hitbox when grabbing, and you better have full stamina so you can climb because i drop them at heights of more then 15 meters and they still not get a scratch from it.TL;DRstupid devs can't balance for♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198137073961,Not Recommended,321360,15276740,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,INDOMINUS REX,I am not reccomending because of the game its self it's because the devs promised it would run better on machines that could run the old game it comes to the release date I buy it and what do you know it crashes as soon as I join a server.5/10 I asked on one of there videos on youtube the devs replied and what they said was false.
,Not Recommended,321360,15468905,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,BlueMayci,This game is absolute junk!Game will not run..  Many users are complaining about this game not running in the steam forums.. steam does nothing about it..
76561198199437258,Not Recommended,321360,16152905,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MarsupialMan0,"Primal Carnage is without a doubt the most of a let down of any game I've ever played. As a dinosaur lover, this game had me frothing at the bit to play it. Here is the issue. This game has no matchmaking. As such, dinosaurs are first come, first serve. Anyone who isn't a dinosaur is placed on the human team. Mind you, the teams are equal in total possible members (though, you'd be lucky to find a match that didn't consist of 6 dinosaurs v.s. 2 humans simply because the servers are so barren). Beyond the fact that who is on the dino team and who is on the human squad doesn't alternate, humans are weak. I mean, they are WEAK. Even the smaller raptors and the pterosaur is much harder to kill than the average human character. You may be thinking that the long range weapons on the side of the humans would require the dinos to have to be stealthy hunters to compensate. You are wrong. You can just bum rush the humans and kill them with ease. The pressure is on the humans to back peddle at slow speeds and somehow not get pounced on and eaten. I could go into more detail, but why bother? Alll in all, if this game doesn't drop below $5 don't get it. Buy ARK instead if you are looking for a GOOD dino game."
,Recommended,321360,28175845,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Rokulydian,Love this game. I honestly just play the free roam servers because I like dinosaurs haha but it's fun. The only thing I'd change is I'd like more skins :P
,Recommended,321360,26008709,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Nightmare,A grand time to play this game.
,Not Recommended,321360,20295078,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Games pretty much dead. Less than 20 active servers, and most are high ping for users that aren't American. And you can't do much offline as there's no offline bots (unless you plan to play survival (hoarde) mode by yourself)The dinos work great though, and there's literally no loading screens. So it has that going for it."
,Not Recommended,321360,14654674,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Chiara,Filled with glitches and it's optimization sucks.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLJTAqnmHt0
76561198203750085,Not Recommended,321360,21807751,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Joeaper the Edgelord,needs to be on mac because my hp broke
,Not Recommended,321360,14042065,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kektonium,"This game is Not Recommended because this game same like Counter Strike : Global Offensive but the different it's Human vs Dinosaur, and you must buy ''key for crate''. And the Primal Carnage : Extinction, alot of item it's not tradeble/marketble. This game is weird to me, we can't trade even one item from new Primal carnage game. Item is tradeble only few. You waste your money for dino/human skin, weapon skin, and cosmetic, and Team Fortress 2 is betterbecause it's have unusual cosmetic but Primal Carnage :Extinction no have unusual just like uncommon,fog,etc. And you will shame your self your self because didn't get the Feather raptor skin, Feather raptor skin in new Primal Carnage is uncommon quality, and it's Ultra rare because, you only get when Old Primal Carnage Early Acces or Pre-order the feather raptor skin before you play it/ download it, if you want the feather skin, it's too late"
,Not Recommended,321360,13724225,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,slim slam mamma jam,"Game is horrifically unbalanced right now, which I don't understand since this game is essentially a copy/paste of Primal Carnage, which had far better balance. The humans basically cannot win in the current state of the game, and it leads to quite a boring match because as a T-Rex you're invincible and as a human you have no chance to kill a T-Rex unless they're AFK.Because of that, I would not recommend buying this right now. Once the balance is sorted out it will be a good game.Added 1/16:I want to add to this that not a single balance patch has been pushed out since before Christmas, but they have been joyfully working on microtransactions for the entirety of the break and just pushed new ones out.Buy at your own risk, devs are way more concerned about taking your money than providing a fun game."
76561198276719317,Recommended,321360,30376115,Posted: 7 March,all,[RIP AIM] MEKi,haha
,Not Recommended,321360,15367476,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Creatures Lie Here,"2nd worst game I've ever played on Steam.  Go buy the original, it actually works.Problems I've encountered in ~20 minutes of play:missing animationsmissing soundshorrible netcodeperfectly aimed attacks missingexplosives not going offhorrible human animationsslightly better dino animationsunbalanced gameplayunbalanced mapscompletely broken abilitiesDid I mention that 1/2 of the sounds and animations are missing?If I could get my money back, I would, but it would be a waste of money to take the devs to small claims court. Not worth 13.50.  The devs are lying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and deserve to go bankrupt. This entirely new game was originally supposed to be a free update, then it became a new game promising better everything.  Now it's a sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198061862272,Recommended,321360,29651639,Posted: 2 February,all,iMcfly2,This game is hell of fun
,Recommended,321360,25984985,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Flyingboomstick,IT IS GREAT!
76561198245099704,Recommended,321360,26147021,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Lloyd,I mean the devs are atleast trying to improve the game so barely farts our a positive for me.
76561198070150488,Not Recommended,321360,15204583,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Just F*cking End It,The game is average the community is cancer
,Not Recommended,321360,15205227,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Kuzkula,"Garbage. It's the same game as before with a few different maps. The early release was original from the beginning, then it slowly turned back into the old game. Now it's a generic bullsh!t shooter that will be F2P very soon, as it seems to try to emulate TF2 with it's ridiculous skins and whatnot.Forget this game, I got it for next to nothing when it was announced for owning the old one, and it's still too much. Just wait 6 months-year for it to go free."
,Not Recommended,321360,15277364,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,[ ุ ],"This is such a HUGE disappointment... I backed up the original Primal Carnage, and I must admit I am not satisfied at all with the extremely buggy ""out of Early Access"" version. Poorly optimized, unbalanced, poor overall development.I would not recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥to anyone."
76561198148138594,Not Recommended,321360,14303193,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,{CFoF} alpha blades,imnot able to play it  cause my graphics card isnt good enough >:/
76561198042565135,Not Recommended,321360,15285509,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,JurassicRaptor,"Hey. Like Dinosaurs? ♥♥♥♥ you - play as the humans.Or roleplay. Because as we all know, we'd much rather just sit around and remake that one mediocre 80's TV show rather than the legendary Jurassic Park"
76561198153883766,Not Recommended,321360,29302528,Posted: 16 January,all,Fuzzy's Soup,It's good...
,Not Recommended,321360,32789401,Posted: 25 June,all,♥pawjobs♥,yuckos
76561198111998892,Recommended,321360,13495554,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,alphadodo9,"can u add vichals plzzz like helicopters and cars and if u can cargo plane were humans jump as a H.A.L.O jump and also and these playable dinosours:ankylosoursparasaurolophusstegosaurstriceratopsliopleurodonmousosaursNPC's that are eatable:cow/goat/chicken/sheep/birds/.NPC's that are rideable:horse/elephante/.plzzz add these stuff the game would be epic and awesome and every body will enjoy it it will be the first dino game with viechals and animals plzz add it ask ppl to help u guys like in 3d models i would help if i can plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz the game will be awesome.also add abilities to the humans like this:commando:have very fast fists that is used as a melleepathfinder:have a minimap on right top cornerscintest:have 3 kindes of bullits poison,sleeping,hunnger dartstrapper:can put a curtan net trap to every dino like the rex he can net his feet and the rex go downpyro:have a welding tool to cut thing in curtan places and curtan objects.also let the path finder when he hold f he can open the flare and let it in his hand and if he pressed f again he will throw it.and if you guys like my ideas can you reward me with the 3d models and maps in steam film maker and i will make for you guys a trailer and conttact me if u want to discuss.NOTE:there is some glitches that are helpful for the humans dont remove itthank uskid snsy dodo"
,Recommended,321360,13844281,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The Forsaken One,"Extinction is a great sequal to a amazing game, while a tad laggy and still has some kinks to work out a good alpha. It is in the bug fixing stage so people playing should be prepared to be active in reporting bugs to the developers. Besides that its still a better dinosaur game then Jurrasic park the game so A good buy but I would suggest waiting till its completed or on sale."
,Not Recommended,321360,15203621,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Axyd,"the balance is crap, dinos can 1 shot you and you cant 1 shot them, lag is bad even with 80ms ping to server"
76561198012626031,Not Recommended,321360,15234634,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,MadDogGaz,Unbalanced classesterrible feel to combatnot enough serverslaggy as
,Recommended,321360,13683119,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,PirataYasparo47,"This game is awesome!Pros-·Way better graphics than the first ♥♥♥♥♥♥ realease·More lush grass, bushes·Improved textures· No frame rate issues so farCons·Dinosaurs still toooooo op!·Graphics still doesn't look good, still needs some improvement.·♥♥♥♥♥♥ dinosaur  animations, this animations need to be imrpoved ASAP.·Human animations are beyond awful, when I use the dude with the shotty, god I cannot stand not seeing the horrible cocking action.Recommendations:·Since its a DIno game, you should add dismembered body parts, or even more blood!·Don't make this into a sort of ""buy camos to loook cool"", just make the drops a lil bit more frequent, the more you play the more you get rewarded.·Add some trade in game, where you could trade your old skins etc.[ Fix the god damn humans, they need some fix ASAP], Maybe add some Aim Down Sight?I really look forward into this game, I see some great potential in it.Keep it up devs!"
,Not Recommended,321360,14342074,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,AlphaTweet,"Be warned, devs are allowing harassment, trolling, as well as witch hunts on users. they refuse to do anything about the bullys and attackers in this game.  the staff they have are also people who harass users if they dislike them such as there ""Q%A staffers and there ""friends"" they attack users they see ""unfit"" to play the game or people who remove/block one there friends..recently there was an expolit, they thretoned to ban anyone who got involved with there mess up, telling users they will be banned if they used it once like shown in link here -->http://puu.sh/hlxJM/27dada584f.jpg(The keep flagging it, so i keep renewing it :3"" as well as when talking to one the main devs about harassment there reply was ""we cant and wont do anything, just ignore it and it will go away"" despite the fact i was being attacked, not able to play, hunted and so on, as im not only one to recuve this treatment, many others incuded and still to this day do as well. despite putting so much of my time, effort and help into this comunitee and game, me, myself and a few others i know have been treated like♥♥♥♥♥♥ attacked and harassed and staff, backing the trolls up.be warned, you put money into this game they will take your items away! due to the exploit, they removed many of peoples items, thus, also removing there personal ones and refusing to return them!! be warned this is a very VERY bad managed game, and has been reported to valve due to hte harassing, trolls and the ""bans"" for there own screw up in the game. also for removing of personal items.do be warned, im not looking for hate replys though im sure there ""staff"" will do so and there friends, i know well of the way this game works, there scamming people out of money as well as making thius a ""popularity only"" kind of game, so be warned, do not play, and if you do, make sure to get in the ""in"" croud of the game cuz, if not, you will be ran out, hunted and banned from all servers.want more info, and more logs and peoples names of the aissues happening? friend me, i got loads of proof to show, just carful when you think you have a good game, they turn around and leach and harm you behind your bank..added note: i was banned, for this :3http://puu.sh/fC9dX/446cf62372.jpgfor posting about there bird on someones comment, isnt that amazing? lol just goes to show and prove how bad these staff are in this game and how bad this game actually is. DO NOT PLAY!!!!"
76561197999459441,Not Recommended,321360,24507854,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,☠Killa☠,"This game is cancer, dont waste your money or time with it. If you do your sanity will not make the journey."
76561198185722449,Not Recommended,321360,15203376,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DUDE,"its fun to play, but the graphics are older, maybe what would be called state of the art 8-10 years ago. They should consider making an HD version of this that uses the hardware available today, let consumers upgrade to play it. I would. It is a very fun game, and each opponent is always new. It kind of reminds me of the older hand held DS games.It is fun.But....Graphics are old, not great.Dino movement fake, like and older video game 10 yrs ago.Humam movement choppy,fake looking."
76561197966808988,Not Recommended,321360,15242620,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Game,"Offical release review:This game should have been taken out and shot a long time ago. Waste of money, steam is becoming the merchant of unplayable games."
76561197977267103,Recommended,321360,14082004,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Conspiracy Theory,"A game that is progressing very nicely, and is a good step forward from the first in the series (e.g. As per Counterstrike Source Versus CS:GO).It has recent substantial updates; and (if you like PC gaming and/or Dinosaurs and/or teamwork) its a gift at the price.Play it........Smack down some jumped-up Dinosaur......... or prove to the Humans you are at the top of the food chain.An easy game to step into and out of between bowls of snacks & coffee."
,Not Recommended,321360,13755125,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,𝓐𝒚𝒆𝓔𝒙𝓔𝒚𝒆,"This is a great game, but its not worth $20. Its a crate-spammer like TF2, complete with $2 keys and low-drops but plenty of crates. Buy at an extreme sale, its not worth $20 if its going to act like f2p. For sure an awesome game though, just dont EVER spend full price with this much microtransaction going on."
76561198243439338,Not Recommended,321360,24458931,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Terminator,this game is so shity with its frame rate
76561198124546417,Not Recommended,321360,32376769,Posted: 12 June,all,attention whore,"WHERE IS THE PACHYCEPHALOSAURUS, DEVS? HMMM?HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!"
,Not Recommended,321360,15235280,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Raaban,"Game was fun first al5 mins then i noticed it got very fast boring, dinos are overpowered, game is not balanced at all, still game is brand new, graphics feel like ""Old"".Glad i had 60% off, would otherwise request a refund asap.If you are looking for a fun time with your friends this 3,5gb is a waste of space. You will have fun for 5 mins then uninstall."
76561198050787755,Not Recommended,321360,15082452,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,G.,"I'll just let my avatar describle this gameAvatar outdated, original:http://i977.photobucket.com/albums/ae256/GoldenTigerDragon/yhyy_zpssjn4ghjx.png"
,Not Recommended,321360,34091177,Posted: 7 August,all,scary mharti!!,garbage game dont buy if u like beaners and muslims
76561198163591821,Recommended,321360,29619340,Posted: 31 January,all,Roger the Shrubber,╱▔▔▔▔▔╲╱　　╱▔╲╲╲▏╱　　╱━╱▔▔▔▔▔╲━╮▏　▕┃▕╱▔╲╱▔╲▕╮┃▏　▕╰━▏▊▕▕▋▕▕━╯╲　　╲╱▔╭╮▔▔┳╲╲╲　　▏╭━━━━╯▕▕╲　╲▂▂▂▂▂▂╱╱▏┊　　　　┊　　　╲▏┊　　　　┊▕╲　　╲╱▔╲▏┊　　　　┊▕╱▔╲▕▏ 　　　╰┈┈┈┈╯　　　▕▕╲　　　╲　　　　╱　　　╱　╲╲　　▕▔▔▔▔▏　　╱╲╲╲▏╱▔　　▕　　　　▏　　▔╲▔▔╲▂▂▂╱　　　　╲▂▂▂╱
76561198241415268,Recommended,321360,30527806,Posted: 15 March,all,Kags The Panda,It is a good game but some of the servers can be very strict and some can be super fun to play on. i recommend getting this game if you haven't already.
,Recommended,321360,30521440,Posted: 15 March,all,Ranshiin,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,321360,13610363,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,A L I E N™,"""Éld túl"" II.fejezetA Primal Carnage: Extinction az eredeti Primal Carnage kiegészitőjeTöbb(változatosabb) pálya található benne mint az eredeti játékban.A játék fő újítása a szabad kusztomizálhatóság,ami abban merül ki hogy hogyan is nézzen ki a saját karakterünk,külön jópont hogy így a T-Rexünk   is pédául viselhet különféle kiegészítőket mint a: fülvédő xdKicsit,fura lehet első hallásra ,de szerintem is hathat így a játék jópofának mintsem félelmetes vérengzős henteldének.Még csak félkész (Beta) ez látszik is hisz nálam volt olyan hogy raptorral próbáltam ""rá""pounce-olni az emberre és nem engedte vagy csak simán karmolni na aztat sem engedte.Arról nem is beszélek hogy 'low'grav-al ugrik a raptor xd.Jó ez,sőt mivel Tél van imitt-amott bezsebelhetünk extra dolgokat ha játszunk pár pecet egy adott szerveren mint pl.:télapó(Mikulás) skin,a fülvédő vagy egy-egy láda,esetleg fegyver skin!!! (Tiszta Team fortress 2 ;)Sőt kapunk egy + dinó kasztot ,és ráadásnak a meglévőkhöz extra skineket (Ember+Dínó).Így kiegészülve oltári nagy élmény ha egy barátunkkal írtjuk a dinókat - vagy dínóval marcangoljuk az embereket :)Sőt ha rátesszük a SteamAchievement létrát is egész jó kis hangulatos játékot kapunk,de ez is csak bemelegítő a jövőre megjelenő EGYSZEMÉLYES játékhoz (Kampány részhez)HA,megnézzük még 'Pre -Alpha Acces' tehát korai hozzáférésű,ami tele van hibával ,és amit később feltehetőleg javítani fognak,ez már így is önmagában is tetszetős -legalábis nekem ;)Akinek tetszett az első rész,annak ez is fog ;)Értékelés.:10/7Alien voltam."
76561198095143466,Recommended,321360,13651596,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dinochuck,I Don't know what to say about because it can't be played on my computer which is a very good computer. But when the game is actually done you should buyit just wait okay.
76561198071518950,Recommended,321360,13627491,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Erected Dong,It's pretty fun
76561197968494339,Recommended,321360,13665153,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dale Jones,Love it!!
76561198085576020,Recommended,321360,13273042,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ODINMASTER,could u make a patch to f ix the problem where u cant load a map or start a game thanks
76561198026361563,Recommended,321360,13233373,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Eagledog3862,"UPDATE:My issue was fixed, just had to verify the game files, clear my ram, restart my computer and tweak a few settings, but now the game is running fine, and seems fun to me.  I'd recommend if it's the three dollar upgrade, but I'd still say wait on full price.  It's fun, but it's still full of bugs, so if you're willing to deal with the bugs go aheadOLD:DO NOT BUY THIS GAME...yet.  I quite enjoyed the first Primal Carnage, and was willing to pay the three dollars necessary to buy this one, but I can't play it.  I have an excellent system with 16 GB of ram, and intel core i7 processor, Windows 8.1 64 bit, and a GTX 670 graphics card with 4 GB of vram.  Yet this game runs worse than anything I've ever attempted on this machine.  And my machine runs Crysis 3 at some of the highest settings.  Until this game is better optimized for all machines (the original Primal Carnage runs fine) do not purchase this game.  It looks like it'll be a lot of fun, but It's broken for me."
,Recommended,321360,15213600,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Space Man,"I really like this game. I even have the original Primal Carnage and loved that as well. The only issue mainly is the great lack of online players. If this game had more players it'd be much much better. The empty servers are always disheartening to see everytime I check in with this game. I still recommend the game because when playing with a large group of friends (I stress the key word 'large') it can be a really really fun expiriance. However, if you don't want to wait until the community gets on their feet, you should keep your money."
76561198215512184,Recommended,321360,15217451,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Praxic Fire,"I am really enjoying this game! Now i havent played enough to warrent making a full review, but im liking it so far and i can definately reccomend giving it a try! ;)"
76561198076135945,Recommended,321360,13410555,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Pyseter Catodon,"Over and all, it is the same game as the original Primal Carnage except for a slight graphical improvements as well as the introduction of drop/loot systems that offers customization features. Although it is still an early access, the gameplay is smooth and i did not encounter any bugs so far.. Recommended for those who enjoy shooting or playing as dinosaurs!"
76561198164316831,Recommended,321360,13628788,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,abarragan113,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME. i highly recommend it to everyone, but they should updted to have a few Jurassic Park maps as well as a few Jurassic Park skins for the dinosaurs also make a mission where they have to the center of Jurassic Park like in the movie"
76561198138037211,Recommended,321360,13221830,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Cawg,As the game is developed it is becoming a superior game to the original. l. At the moment I would say its slightly better than the current pc.
76561198042676015,Recommended,321360,13886993,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DonJuaheed,For entertainment purposes only.
76561198054240065,Recommended,321360,30497465,Posted: 13 March,all,♠Shadowofwar♠,Much fun.
76561198050444379,Recommended,321360,13299125,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Lord Farquaad,"It needs many many MANY patches, but once they un-nerf Novas and make them playable it'll be an upgrade to the first game as far as gameplay."
76561198133515448,Recommended,321360,13246936,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,An Odd Spy,"It needs bug fixes,Bug 1:It lags a little bit even when i lower graphics,Bug 2:It doesnt load after one match,Fix these bugs"
76561198114784981,Recommended,321360,13355596,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,Its a fun game with cool dinos
76561198073264965,Recommended,321360,13355608,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,cham the Dinosaur Hunter,"This is an interesting game, saying that it reminds me of an old Lego Series called Adventurers: Dino Island. The dinosaurs are remarkable, such as the mentioned Compsognathus and Brachiosaurus. I wonder if Primal Carnage: Genesis would be released. The only thing that bothers me is that loot wont appear in our inventory and everytime it says it in the reward bar, it would vanish and say something I dont understand. I would still recommend this game since it is better than the old one."
76561198106519502,Recommended,321360,13376606,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,HardCoreGamers,sick
,Recommended,321360,13367820,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Bazzarro,A worth while update *thumbs up* It's so much more fluid than the first.
76561197971517932,Recommended,321360,13374174,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,biothing,Fun TDM goodness with dinosaurs.
,Recommended,321360,13366474,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Skali,Dinooos!! Yip!!!
76561198003998426,Recommended,321360,13284305,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Catspaw,"great game  to play ,    early access , but  great  Up-dated  game from the  First one , Like it ,  lets see  , how it develops  , into   ,Add on , better game than the First  one ."
76561198015303547,Recommended,321360,13284459,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ξνρεκαジ,Like primal carnage classic? You need this game also!
,Recommended,321360,13286220,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Toasty,"This game is a ""work-in-progress"" and as an early access game. At the moment yes there has been many complaints about the display of the game and the controls and the delays. Well here's something not everyone is patient about and yet there's some that not many know of. Apart from the first and original game, Primal carnage actually has good value for PC:E and I must say that it's something to look forward to and enjoy, right? Sure not everyone is impressed but a reminder this games release is on ""early access"" and of course not everything in the game is gonna be simple and fast!Having to know about primal Carnage earlier this year made me realize there was going to be an update, but instead another platform based-off the game itself. Yet I'm happy to have bought it now and have all my skins transferred to the other game and yet still available for the first game. t's really quite the masterpiece to get into really and for those of you that do not like the game at this time, just watch for any changes. Games can alter and well, a game is not everyone's cup of tea. ^^;"
76561198317539646,Recommended,321360,32956754,Posted: 28 June,all,Qentie,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,321360,32632880,Posted: 21 June,all,TekBros,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING AWSOME
76561198353310791,Recommended,321360,33203144,Posted: 3 July,all,Zapgig,AMAZING!Good graphics and graphics settings help people with bad PC's have a good experience-Fairly good pricing-Dinos vs Humans = epic
,Recommended,321360,33258107,Posted: 4 July,all,SilverAraiya,"What I like about the game? Great way to meet some new people and hang out with others. What I don't like about the game? It sometimes seems like it's a competition for skins (no offense to the people out there who love to collect skins because I do myself and can't really say much about it). Even though it seems like this, the game is still great and I suggest it to anyone. It's a free roam/roleplay and deathmatch game, but depends on the type of server you pick."
76561198320143065,Recommended,321360,33388749,Posted: 8 July,all,ÅηgεlEyεs,"Awhile ago, I thought The Isle was one of the funnest games I had ever played.And then I found PC: E.Yes I know it's been out since The Isle and I'm just now getting around to finding out about it :D But this is a lovely game.I highly recommend it to ANYONE who loves a vast variety of MANY different dinosaurs, and any type of skin you could ever hope for or imagine, for very low prices as well.Pleasently surprised with this game, 10/10, would certainly shop for again ;)"
76561198338184404,Recommended,321360,33365354,Posted: 7 July,all,FuzzlePace,Honestly hands down a amazing game wonderful community and gameplay recomend KG's kill or chill
,Not Recommended,321360,14283953,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Heliolisk,"I first reviewed this game in 2015. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥things have changed.I haven't played in so long because I hate the community. Too many roleplay and chill servers.But, I did meet my greatest love and greatest enemy in this game.Indirectly, this game led to my depression.Think on that.Do not buy this, too many roleplay servers with kids screaming xD and :3.Save your money, don't be like me, don't think you've found the best thing ever."
76561198048966934,Not Recommended,321360,21087200,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,NexUz  秋,Not as much fun as it was a years ago.
76561198167848500,Recommended,321360,33282661,Posted: 5 July,all,u8smokey,"I recently purchased this game for me and my friend, but it seems that my mouse does not appear at all when I load the game. I have tried connecting a controller to my pc so I can use that, but the game does not recognise that a controller is connected. There is not a problem with my controller or mouse becuase this is the only game I have ever had problems with. I managed to join into a game at one point, but my character just spun in circles the entire time. I know that it's a good game becuase my friend is enjoying the copy I purchased for him."
76561198254356107,Recommended,321360,33296539,Posted: 5 July,all,Anukian,there is a problem with this game that needs to be fixed every time me or my friends try to host a private server to train on because we are all new it says that the server is not responding for the ones who are trying to join I dont know why it wont work for private considering that lan works just fine and we can also join other servers I looked up the problem and some others are having similar problems. even with this glitch its still kind of fun and I can play it with my brother on lan but it would be alot better if this glitch were to be fixed
,Recommended,321360,33391827,Posted: 8 July,all,☆San's71☆,I Love The Game Soo Much And I Love The Dinosaurus Like The Spinosaurus !
,Recommended,321360,32681705,Posted: 23 June,all,Goldenhawk,"Primal Carnage Extinction ReviewPrimal Carnage Extinction is an enjoyable game, there's many dinosaurs to choose from such as Rex's, Raptors, fliers and more! There's a total of five human classes, all with different skills, such as the Pathfinder, who's equiped with a shotgun. The map layout, at least in my opinion is great, I find the maps really enjoyable to play on. Graphics are decent in this game, nothing to blow your mind. The animations are a bit strange though, at least for the humans, nothing too bad however.You may ask why there's another block of text, since I've already said so many great things about this game. While this is a great game, if you reside within Australia, the network lag will completely kill your experience. Australian servers, have almost no people playing at one time, the community is generally from America or Europe. While it's fine to play on an US or EU server, you'll lag excessively. High ping, at least in most games, doesn't affect the gameplay massively. However, in this game there's no sort of lag compensation, so even if you shoot a target on your screen, the server will reject it. This would leave you frustrated and curious, why didn't that hit the dinosaur? Sounds are also off, because of this lag related issue.TLDR: If you reside within Australia, or close-by surrounding countries, I do not recommend you buy this game, unless you're okay with the potential lag issues. Though, if you're from Europe or America, this game is defiantly worth buying. There's many dinosaurs to choose from, five human classes, a marketplace and great immersion."
,Recommended,321360,33575710,Posted: 15 July,all,Drex,"Awesome game, except a few glitches, but I still highly recommend this game!"
76561198254108466,Recommended,321360,33671590,Posted: 20 July,all,person187,bad (jk xd)
76561198070732362,Recommended,321360,13631052,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PlayBoyGamer,"Are you tired off wasting ammo on zombie? Now you waste on DINOSAURS.OR,Do  u want to be a trex and try to eat every person in yourway.This game might change in the future with new ways to play.Im glad i spend 20.00 dollors on a game that i might play for months."
,Recommended,321360,25810850,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DerpyTv,"This is my first ever review, and I think this game deserves to be the first.Primal Carnage is a dinosaur first person shooter game, that comes with other gamemodes such as Free Roam and Roleplay, even the non-official gamemode ""Dino Deathmatch"". The game gives you a variety of dinosaurs to chose, with each having their own skin or cosmetic, it is the same with the humans. The gamemodes are really fun, and if you are looking to chill and just socialize with others, you can on Free Roam.There is a crate & key system, you get a drop randomly by playing, it can be a crate, a key, a skin or cosmetic. You do need a key to open a crate, that is where I do not entirely like. Microtransactions. It takes quite a long time to get a crate or key, and if you really want to open a crate, you need a key, which they sell on the Store. Thankfully there is the Steam Market, which a player sells their own stuff for a different price, the keys there are way cheaper, as well as the crates.Overall this game is really good. As a Dino fan this game really does match up what it sells for, and the price is not even that expensive. I do recommend this game to others, fans or non dino fans."
76561198078640868,Recommended,321360,13556543,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mgcroco (Sasuke Uchiha),Epic!The only thing I don't get is how to unlock new skins?
76561198280062789,Recommended,321360,30852958,Posted: 31 March,all,nenikam13     csgolive.com,"I think this is very good game, i like games that are like team vs team and this game is one of those most likely.I say you should buy it!"
76561198337067486,Recommended,321360,26342623,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ben,I think its a fun game and worth the current $6 halloween sale price.. I wouldn't pay full price but thats just me
76561198018624320,Recommended,321360,30925603,Posted: 3 April,all,Toxic Chill,This game is really good because there are lots of fun servers and dinos!!
,Not Recommended,321360,13223985,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,SoudeCaustix,"Edit 2 : No more player for a multiplayers game... forget it or don't buy it ...~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Edit : Not enough update, devs don't say anything about what they are doing, seems to be an alpha forever (There is so many bugs I can't understand why they leaved early access ...), servers shutdowns over time ... I hope the next update worth the waiting, because I didn't play this game since thekillingcrew closed their servers ...If you like freeroam or roleplay (same thing in this game), Welcome !~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Original review :I love this one, and his potential.Just use this game as a real game, not an update of the first.Lot of dinosaurs and classes, from the Tyrannosaurus to the one hidden in the grass.5 classes for the human but all player can find his class (sniper, pyro, LMG, pump and netts for the moment).Nices maps, graphics doesn't sting the eyes, gameplay seems to be like any other one game, but fighting dinosaurs is really harder than battlefields or other like that ..."
,Not Recommended,321360,16663330,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SUN,"Skin simulator filled with 10 year oldsUse to be interesting but just keeps getting worse over the years.Do not recommend, at all."
,Recommended,321360,31096971,Posted: 12 April,all,Karina the sylveon,is goodno question
76561198035200987,Recommended,321360,31143659,Posted: 14 April,all,Frost Fox,best game i ever played 100/10 boi
76561198335931858,Recommended,321360,30167121,Posted: 25 February,all,waffles the raptor,this is my favorit game and i play it almost evey day
76561198236931622,Recommended,321360,30139506,Posted: 24 February,all,Misunderstood potato,When i click on the game it starts right... but... after to seconds steam says i dont even play a game right now.... its not working for me
,Not Recommended,321360,31174040,Posted: 16 April,all,Hey_Seven,The community is pretty toxic.Unless you want to be told to 'kys' every match for killing someone then go ahead.
,Recommended,321360,24341812,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Sand,"At first i really liked the game but when i installed it it doen't open it just stays a blank screeni cant even play the game, i want a refundor at least a fixedit: works now"
,Not Recommended,321360,15876007,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,SUshiroll,"EDITED REVIEW: my first review was when I have 10 hour of gameplay (about) now that I've played 256 hours I can do the full review. The game dev are creative, fun, and well, intresting. When u first bough the game, u may think to urself, I'm going to play this game for ever. But when about a year or 2, ur going to get bored, well at least I did. Every day is just the same routine, go to play game, and deathmatch, and the sad thing is, MOST PLAYER go to role plays, games that just include sitting around and chatting all the time. If u want to sit and chat as a dinosaur, go play the isle, the dev make this game so that u can play human vs dinos, not sitting around chatting in role play, freerom sever. That's the about 45% of the community, the other are pple who want to play this game as deathmatch and pple who just spend there tons of dollars to skins that add nothing to the gaming experience. Im saying that the game is too boring, add a rank, NOT lvl, and competitive gameplay, to make players actually want to take this game more seriously, like csgo, dota, LOL. not just 1 gameplay that ACTUALLY FOCUS on the game intention, survival and gttc was exiting at first, but guess what, no one play on those server for some reason. Add compititeve to make the game more challenging and make player think that he actually achieved something."
76561198309261546,Recommended,321360,30340280,Posted: 5 March,all,Toast,AWSOME game i love it for all of you dino hunters and dino players this is the game for you.
76561198286759395,Recommended,321360,30359300,Posted: 6 March,all,why...,awsome game so fun
76561198161095771,Recommended,321360,31380803,Posted: 26 April,all,aron060805,Love it!!!!!!!
76561198203651529,Recommended,321360,31647218,Posted: 9 May,all,The Horse Rider,i love this its the best!
,Not Recommended,321360,24265960,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dubb,It's literally more entertaining to reinstall it then uninstall it again over and over again.
76561198167916450,Not Recommended,321360,18245950,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,TheRussianBarra,"This is a new updated review of the FPS/Third Person Dinosaur game, Primal Carnage. I've been playing this game since its release and played 500 hours of it so you can trust me with what I say. Before I get started, lets go through a couple of things.DON'T PURCHASE THE GAME IF YOU LIVE SOMEWHERE OTHER THAN EUROPE OR AMERICA I live in Australia and I have only encountered 1 instance out of all the 500 hours of gametime where Ive found a server where I have had ping less than 200. The game doesnt really support servers anywhere else so usually i have around 300 ping which leaves me in a severe disadvantage so DONT BUY THE GAME IF YOU LIVE ANYWHERE OTHER THAN EUROPE OR AMERICA.Advantages:1. Great Graphics2. Great DINOSAUR gameplay3. Dynamic Map Design4. Community Workshop and Market supportDisadvantages:1. Completely broken balance. In past updates maybe a year ago, the human team actually was viable and their weapons were great, now you see weapons like the tranq guns which are useless other than♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of Tyrants, a double barreled Shotgun that nobody uses because its weak and takes an eternity to reload, a flamesaw (Flamethrower and a chainsaw had a baby) that cant hit anything further than point blank range and sadly the SPAS-12 coming from a viable gun with good fire rate unlike the standard shotgun to a peashooter that takes 3-6 shots to kill a raptor in point blank range.2. Crappy stamina meter sytem that hinders the whole games idea of being a fast paced shooter3. Multiple bugs and glitches such as pteranodons carrying you UNDER THE BLOODY MAP4. A dead commuity that only plays ROLEPLAY and FreeRoam and never any of the games intended gamemodes such as TDM and Get To The Chopper.5. Overpriced game for all this?!?Primal Carnage Extinction was a good game but now has become a very dissapointing one. If you want to play something similar, I reccomend maybe the original game however that might have a very little player base or Dino DDAY."
76561198135474963,Not Recommended,321360,20965798,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Indominus Wrex,"The Community and the players on the servers are just like the game title says extinct. The most players are just noobs playing on ""NO KILLL FREEROAM servers"". The game mods like ""Get to the choppa"" or ""Survival"" are also dead. There were two really nice game mods called ""capture the egg"" and ""hunt"" wich were takken out. The only good game mod wich is still played is ""Team Deathmatch"" but there are like only 25 players on ony two servers. The devs have to get players back to the game! The skins and weapons, dinos and human classes are great! But you will get bored because of the missing game mods and players....."
,Not Recommended,321360,20735066,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Veloci_Natalia <3,It's a cheap and good dinasour game but there is nobody actually plays this weird game in Europe.
76561198272071324,Recommended,321360,32811253,Posted: 26 June,all,Cybershark114,Ithink it is an very intensive game and just fun.
76561198278218428,Recommended,321360,32914186,Posted: 27 June,all,billboboomins,I got the game. I played for 4 hours hours strait. Then I ate dinner. Now I am playing for anthor few hours. All because this game is great
76561198075030645,Not Recommended,321360,13255663,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Christmas Incarnate,"If you want to roleplay then by all means this game is your haven. For those of us that actually want to play TDM and Get to the Chopper, then we are unforutnately out of luck. If you actually want to fight dinosaurs, go and buy the original Primal Carnage. Its cheaper, and more balanced/less buggy (Ironically). Even if you CAN find a server actually playing TDM and Get to the Chopper, your ping is either so high, the bugs so insurmountable, or people so unforgiving that the game is generally unenjoyable. Save yourself the money and go to Primal Carnage. I want this game to be good so bad, but it just doesnt seem to have that bright of a future the way the devs are handling it. Its quite sad really, the potential is there alright, but the devs arent using any of it. I will change my review if the devs ever get their stuff together, until then i cant recommend this game in its current state."
,Not Recommended,321360,13262218,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Antiliun,"This game at first seemed really fun, but once you play it for a few days straight it starts to get boring. The community is toxic and full of immature adults who think this T-game is some kind of M-game and underaged gamers who think it's a E-E+10 game. The economy aspect of the game has turned this game into something that you would see in Team Fortress 2, with everyone crazy for the rarer skins. Server diversity is minimal as many games you see in the server browser is Freeroam and TDM, with a few Dino Deathmatches here and there, and no Hunt, Capture the Egg, or Survival."
76561198252690916,Not Recommended,321360,24612191,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Xzilla Gamer TV,Seriously this game should be war between dino and human but if u play human when u had started kill some dino then u got  kick vote.They said that they want to was dino for chat talk in room idiot that's why doesn't over 500 player play this game .
76561198084406833,Recommended,321360,30111412,Posted: 22 February,all,Fatalis,This game is Carnage. Development wise and gameplay wise. You'll also will enjoy Rexing the other team as a t-rex.I also got this for 2$.
76561198148539543,Recommended,321360,30068592,Posted: 20 February,all,RazorTheNightwing,"Very nice ! The game has many ways to play and , many nice players. It is fast paced and fun as crud ! I defintly recomend this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1"
,Not Recommended,321360,16238028,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,✯Putu,I don't recommend you to buy this game.
,Recommended,321360,15017032,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,KisaCrescent,"New Review(beginning 2017 Review): I waited quiet a long time to come back to this game to see if the Dev's would make some new improvements to the game.Happily, i take back my prior negative review about the earlier development of the game, as much has been done to fix the issues. the game has become more balanced, the dino's feel and control well, the humans, again, feel and control well too. before both classes were either too fast, too slow, but now they feel just right, and the balances made to each class makes it so that the other can have fighting chances once again.i can say for sure now this has become a primal carnage game, and i'm pretty shocked and surprised to see how its evolved with the introduction of community skins being added into the game to become unlockable rewards. in honesty its a plesant addition to the game.there are still some minor tweaks i can see so far that need adressing. some debuffs to the commando class launcher, buffs to the spino and arco mouth box, dino eating issue for tyrants needs to be looked at, as you have to stand right on top of the carcass and look down to heal, gathering ammo and healing needs to be revised a little as i notice it doesn';t always show up until i look right at it as a human class.other than that the game is starting to look pretty complete. i'd not be surprised if it would be offically released this year.Original Review(Negative/initial year release Review):I get that this game is still in early access, and that it still has a lot of kinks to work out, but each time I come back to see the changes, I'm honestly not seeing much improvement, or for that matter, improvement that makes this FEEL like a Primal Carnage game.Even though I meet the spec requirements with flying colors, you really can't play this game without the over use of bloom effects that pretty much makes this game as violently bright as Halo 3 was. But at least Halo 3 was on a console that could easily tolerate the load, where as my poor system can't seem to keep up with it, and trying to play this on lower quality just sucks the life out of the game even more.I get that they are trying to be more realistic with this game, than they were in the first in terms of movements, okay, cool. But you can't expect positive reception with what you are doing when there is a pace to the game people already liked from the very first game. To me things were more intense in the original, and rightfully balanced in that people were slow, and dinos tended to be quick and hard to escape than they are in EX.Everything at first In EX was overly fast, and everything was completely wrong with the Dino AND Human class, and now that i have come back recently, dear god do the dinos feel soooo obnoxiously slow, and how i HATE with a burning passion how quickly any of the dinos stamina runs out. Rexes and Spinos seem like they have more fat on their body then they do muscle with how fast their stamina depletes, and don't even get me started on the Carno's, how clunky and slow they move unless they are charging, which, mind you can't last you to save your life because it runs out faster than the tyrants, that makes no sense. It's honestly been made easier to play a human than a Dino with all the negatives swirling about on the Dino side of things.Not to mention all the lag. the game lags so horribly from all the plant life, and bloom effects it has to load that, I can't pounce as a Raptor when the ping increases with each player, can't nab anything as a Tyrant, cant fly as a Petra, and, well frankly I don't bother with the carno anymore because I just find no joy in it what so ever as I did in the first game.So thank god this game was only a few bucks for me, because of having owned the original before this game opened for Early access, because it really isn't fun, and feels nothing like the original at all. just a pretty upgrade with crappy gaming mechanics and functions. I likely wont come back to play this game for a long, long while, and if i do come back, we will see if i can reverse judgment."
76561197975124196,Not Recommended,321360,33627112,Posted: 18 July,all,Bramster17,"Bought it on Summer Sale but even after discount not worth it... Did not like the gameplay, missions and general look and feel."
76561198091467820,Recommended,321360,15096330,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Solumn Trade,"I would only recommend this to casual players, who never understood that in order to play human you had to outsmart the dinosaurs. Because now all they have to do is outrun them.Some broken mechanics:Med packsMineskiteing (the ability to run circles around practically anything)No human melee (Meaning no trapper knife kill. Oh, but don't worry. They're REALLY overpowered now. See further.)The ability to remove the sniper's hat (making her WAY too camoflaged. This game has microtransactions, BTW)Now, you'd think I was complaining because I got killed repeatedly as dino. While it did happen, I also played as human, surviving situations I normally would not be able to in the previous installment. Heres some dumb examples:1. As Trapper, I was surrounded, but then I laid mines at my feet. Everything died.2. As Scientist, I laid a med kit at my feet. Could not die vs. one dino so long as I stayed on top of it.3. As anything, I could keep running circles around a T-rex or a Spino and not die for awhile. Sometimes I'd even be able to solo-kill it. (And while I haven't played as a T-rex or Spino, the fact they go down so quickly and are completely feared by ABSOLUTELY NO ONE BUT THE BIGGEST MORONS ON THE PLANET WHO DON'T KNOW HOW TO KITE OR SHOOT, makes me think playing one is a very bad idea. I may see a Rex get one kill. That's it.)I short, I believe this game is a product of incessent complaining by casual players. The devs change one thing, then they got to change another to make it 'balanced'. It might be 'balanced' in terms of casual environment (everybody gets kills), but not in a competitive one. Whatever the case, the tense 'horror' part of the game is completely gone.Does this game deserve to exist? Yes and no. Primal Carnage: Extinction is where the whinners can play, leaving the more serious players who want a better experience rather than just kills to play Primal Carnage in peace and stop having the dinos fed by dimwits. Also, there are some maps that aren't availible in Primal carnage someone might want to try (Beware invisible walls).However, I also say no because people might play this 'sequel' and, after not really being engaged, figure that the previous installment could only be worse, and miss out on a truly competitive game. To give a proper comparison of Primal Carnage to Primal Carnage: Extinction, I compare it to the difference between Star Wars Battlefront (original) to Star Wars Battlefront 2. One game requires more strategy, and the other favors run-and-gun.Update: Devs are willing to listen to criticism, and seem willing to rebalance the entire game for better reception."
76561198061763693,Not Recommended,321360,15596616,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Bump3rCars™,"this game started off amazing and would have become even better, but all that came from it was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ roleplayers the game it's self was advertised as a PVP humans vs dinosaurs but when they decided to released primal carnage extinction as a seperate game it all went downhill for them the majority of the servers avaliable are nothing but roleplay servers the actual pvp servers have no people on there making the game very dull and boring.theres no coming back from a ♥♥♥♥ up like this they ruined such a fantastic game.A.S.S/10."
76561198135293662,Recommended,321360,33730370,Posted: 22 July,all,MTheMan,"Not completely dead, fairly fun, decently balanced, there are always servers up, and 40-60% of the community are furries. All and all, a pretty good game."
,Recommended,321360,33752582,Posted: 23 July,all,TheFallenOwl3607™,"Its a great game, really. Especially if you love to RP, or just chill. The only problem i have with it so far are the crates, i have 2 dino crates, and 2 winter crates sitting in my invertory that i will msot likely NEVER open since you have to buy keys to open them. I understand that the devs need money to run and update the game, but if someone is poor or doesnt want to spend anymore money on the game, the crates are useless."
76561198301130134,Recommended,321360,33791857,Posted: 25 July,all,迎♠Jade_AlpHa❄️簡,i liked it i've been waiting to play this game it has alot of skins ^ ^
76561198402892826,Recommended,321360,33960315,Posted: 1 August,all,B1BattleDroidEngineer,"I recommend this game... as long as you have strong enough of a computer to play it. If not, go for the original. Which it appears I will have to do. This game is fantastic, better than the original, but on a computer like mine, it simply lags too much to be playable. I would love this game otherwise, especially because I love dinosaurs, especially the Tyrannosaurus Rex. But it just lags too much. Therefore, I think I'll take the refund, and buy the original Primal Carnage. So, in closure, this game is amazing, based off of what little gameplay I got in, as well as YouTube videos I have seen, but you require a strong computer. Make sure you have Alienware, or something else along those lines. Don't overestimate your computer with this game... I have a Windows 10, and even with this game on low settings, the gameplay is still too choppy for me to play it. Great game, but requires a high end computer."
76561198261490696,Recommended,321360,33989508,Posted: 3 August,all,The Great Wolf,"A very good fps game with dinosaurs.Pro:- literally everything including:★ many game modes★ many classes of both humans and dinos★ singleplayer and multiplayer★ good graphics and community★ nice devs.Cons:- nothing so far, except the fact that DDM is not legit for now."
,Recommended,321360,34047926,Posted: 5 August,all,demo,Worth buying just to stomp around as a T-Rex Roaring at things and biting tires....so therapeutic.
76561198175689689,Recommended,321360,34229633,Posted: 13 August,all,Periguin,"Yes, yes, yes, and YES! This game is legitamately the most addicting and awesome game ever. (Though I don't play it much anymore.) Made plenty of awesome friends, half of the people on the game are nice. The only frustrating part is people don't really follow rules of servers, but that's not the game's fault."
76561198194519987,Recommended,321360,34835845,Posted: 9 September,all,MooGoesCow csgolive.com,i think that this game is really good and i really recomend it the only problems i think it has is lack of servers in some places and they should add a bot mod for you to play alone if you want to other than that ten t-rexes out of five dilophesaures
,Not Recommended,321360,13429902,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Murder,"Changing my opinion on this game for the third time, I just have to say a couple words just to describe this game. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awful, Isn't even close to how good the Original Primal Carnage is, The movement is complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ you could be a ♥♥♥♥ing Tyrant and someone could just run around you in a ♥♥♥♥ing circle over and over until they kill you, (annoying as ♥♥♥♥ btw), You can try all you want to get to them before they get behind you again but nope, the movement speed on ALL 3 ♥♥♥♥ing Tyrants is horrible (acro was suppose to be fast, theres no difference in ♥♥♥♥ing speed) The Tryant movement is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥(describe why above) Even while typing this ♥♥♥♥ing review makes me angry at the fact that Primal Carnage is a good♥♥♥♥♥game, but the devs go and make a brand new one and just completly ♥♥♥♥ing butcher the game. Horrible game, game was pretty good at the start until all these stupid ♥♥♥♥ing updates and♥♥♥♥♥♥ People Say that this♥♥♥♥♥♥ass ♥♥♥♥ing game is better and faster than the original PC, that's just a load of ♥♥♥♥ing complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ it isnt ♥♥♥♥ing better than The original Pc, for sure isnt faster, and PC is actually ♥♥♥♥ing good unlike this piece of trash, don't waste your time with this♥♥♥♥♥♥game...... At All."
76561197972379305,Recommended,321360,35090778,Posted: 20 September,all,Blue Shark,Although there are a few bugs that need fixing and it does overheat my PC I still really enjoy this game and I personally prefer it over the origianl in my opinion
76561198156255435,Recommended,321360,35085928,Posted: 20 September,all,Mike101011,JHJ
76561198157975086,Recommended,321360,35429847,Posted: 2 October,all,Xenomorph,"I love it! Great game, great graphics, and great gameplay! No lag!"
76561198206039551,Recommended,321360,25937133,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,CR4SHM4STER86,"After coming back to the game, I have found it is a bit better. There is still loads of problems, but I find it playable."
76561198150311072,Recommended,321360,35496814,Posted: 5 October,all,Subnatical,Awsome
,Not Recommended,321360,17081521,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Karl Marx,Fun for the first few hours then it gets very monotone and boring.Ignore my playtime
