user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198010633799,Recommended,321410,17067083,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Apoloyn,"*Updated to June 2017.*The most advancedvideogame, simulator ever conceived off by the human mind.Who is this simulator meant for?- Active or retired naval or aviation military personnel. (Especially commissioned officers)- Active or retired military intelligence officers.- Individuals that are intellectually curious and possess a great deal of specific knowledge about modern military tactics, strategies and technologies. (Knowing how to play ARMA or Battlefield does not qualify!) You should at the very least, have a fairly detailed understanding of the modern fixed-wing combat aircraft utilized by the USAF, USN and the VVS along with their constituent weapon systems. TRUST ME, the more specific knowledge you have, the better.Every prospective player must have a keen attention for detail, in terms of being intellectually curious about and willing to understand very arcane data.PricingMoney means different things to different people.  If you are one of these people that has a hectic work life, with at most, one hour of free time every day, then I would recommend waiting several months for a sale.  If you know that you can afford to spend several hours a day playing this game, don't mind spending close to 80 USD, know a lot about its incipient material and salivate at the prospect of playing it, then I think you might want to consider getting it sooner rather than later.If you find yourself intrigued by this product, but don't have the highly detailed knowledge necessary to competently understand it, then I would recommend you do the following: spend the next few weeks or months reading up on as many fixed-wing combat aircraft, naval surface combatant warships and Soviet/Russian SAM systems as possible on the Internet or your local library.  I would recommend that you use this research to better understand the game in the interim so that you can then purchase it at a later date when it goes on sale.History of Steam sales65% Off - Nov. & Dec. 2016, Mar. & Jun. 201760% Off - May 201650% Off - Feb.& Jun. 2016, Jun. Nov. Dec. 201545% Off - Feb. 2016Gameplay DynamicsThis is how CMANO works:  You start off playing a Scenario (Which is usually a battle that lasts anywhere from 6-24 hours) and are typically given either aircraft stationed at airbases and/or surface ships or submarines that loiter in the ocean.  Before assuming command of your assets, you are given specific Objectives. (Destroy an ICBM Silo, escort a friendly Cargo ship to a specified waypoint, achieve air superiority etc…)  You will then be responsible for developing a strategy to achieve victory, which will entail analyzing your forces’ capabilities via the software’s massive database.  The maximum range of an F-15E’s Radar, the Passive Low Frequency signature emitted by an Oscar II SSGN, or the Cruising Speed of the Daring-class DDG, are examples of the data metrics that you may scrutinize.  (Make no mistake, CMANO is 90% planning and 10% doing.)Once you’ve deployed your assets, success in every engagement will be governed by your ability to properly execute specific tactics, such as: winning long range air engagements against 4.5 Generation fighters, stalking a naval task force with an SSN, or executing SEAD operations against advanced SAM systems, such as the S-400/SA-21.  The Scenario will conclude once you’ve either completed your Objectives, or run out of time.  You will then be given an evaluation of your performance.**A quick word on the oft-mentioned database: It is arguably the most extensive non-governmental repository of data on every conceivable weapon of war designed by man since the conclusion of the Second World War.**  Enough said.InterfaceOver the past year, Command’s interface has gone through numerous revisions both in terms of appearance and functionality. You can now for example, maintain the altitude above ground your aircraft will fly at, irrespective of changes in terrain elevation.  This would allow you to keep your F-16 within a MK 84 JDAM’s minimum release altitude of 10k feet AGL, irrespective of changes in terrain elevation.  Other welcome additions include: allowing players to finally determine how many weapons they have allocated on a single enemy target without doing too much clicking (This change finally came one year after I pointed out this flaw in this review!), frequent updates to its already massive database, a new look for its GUI and numerous other additions that would be too onerous for me to report on, due to space limitations.However, there are certain other ‘changes’ that make this software UTTERLY FRUSTRTING to use. Reasons that are unbeknownst to me, the game displays as default the range curves for radar and weapons used both by yourself and the enemy, EVERY TIME you load up a new saved game. This dramatically slows down performance and fills your entire monitor with dozens of circles and rectangles.  You are thus forced to fix this mess, by going through Command’s tedious menus, whenever you load up a new saved game!The Rules of Engagement window has been filled with so much superfluous content that any beginner will find it almost impossible to understand. There is also still no window that streamlines the activity data of what all of your air or naval assets are doing, so you are forced to remember off the top of your head lots of very minute details: which aircraft is still being shot at by what enemy plane, which of your ships are firing SAM’s at which aircraft, or which submarine still has its Active Sonar turned on. Remembering so many details becomes impossible on the large scenarios.  The game physics also has serious flaws: Just to name a few bugs, aircraft tend to be shot down by missiles that fly at completely different elevations and their turn speed seems strangely unaffected by changes in altitude.Final ThoughtsAll things considered, even with its flaws, I believe this game will give its very small target audience (service members and hardcore military enthusiasts) hours of enjoyment and learning.  I would therefore be happy to recommend it."
76561198036069460,Recommended,321410,15802962,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,lesnyborsuk,"+ Insane complexity.+ Size of the database.+ Gameplay.+ LOTS of automated processes, no need for micro-management.+ Relatively easy to 'jump in' if you have played Harpoon series before.+ Excellent support by developpers (last patch had changelog of 40+ A4 pages).+ Watching map full of half circles fighting rombs.- Hard to explain to your girlfriend what you are doing in the middle of the night.- Sometimes unintuitive UI (due to complexity and large variety of possibilities).- Larger scenarios can need quite a powerful computer.- NOT FOR EVERYONE. You need to find some military geek in you to play this.First of all, take a look at the screenshots. This is all you will see. No fancy graphics, but a map full of symbols...I bet you get excited, didn't you?This is not a game, it's a simulation. Very complex. Difficult. With steep learning curve.But once you get into it, you will LOVE IT.UI is good, but _sometimes_ unintuitive and you need to get used to it.Complexity is mind blowing. Well, for example - algorithm that calculates radar reflectivity, besides many other factors, takes into an account speed of rotation of aircraft's jet engine fans plus angle of reflection from it. And everything is happening on your desktop computer. In real time.No words can describe the emotions when you try to hunt down this bloody Sovremenny-class destroyer with your Kobben class submarines. Then, your girlfriend comes in and asks what you are doing. Well... how can you explain to her, in simple words, that you are ambushing Baltic Fleet with 4 Kobben-class submarines? (This is probably the biggest flaw of the game)I spent most of my time in the scenario editor. And it is not what you think. You can turn on time flow and play the scenario against yourself within the editor, switching sides from time to time. This is more like your sandbox and playground.I researched military power in my region, replicated all squadrons and units. Read dozens of wiki pages, followed twitter and facebook accounts of military units. And had lots of fun checking out my 'what if' scenario.I payed full price for this game and I would pay for it again."
76561198032090191,Recommended,321410,18669811,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,travisleetaylor,"BLUF: This is not a ""game"" in so much as it is the best simulator of modern air and naval combat I've ever come across.You may want this game if:you seek the highest realism and detail possible in a warfare simulation.you enjoy commanding huge forces and using them in complex actions.you enjoyed reading Janes encyclopedias as a kid (or adult).Do your research before buying this. This is not for anyone that is a casual gamer, or thinks they can easily transition from an RTS or grand strategy game to this. This may as well be running on a pentagon computer as a simulation to game out attack strategies for the next major war. There is no ""gameyness"" here. Everything is modelled to the Nth degree. Radars, radar signiature, electronic countermeasures, nukes, weapon systems, sonar and sound propogation including CZ's, effects of weather... literally untold effort over years was poured into this, and not a minute was wasted on 3D modeling and lighting effects. The end result: You are the commander. You know what your ships and planes look like, you've spent decades around them. You've spent years training for a war you hoped would never come. Now, it is time to put the forces of your nation into action. This is the command center, and it looks like one.I can't reccommend this program enough.This is the one game I cannot live without. I played the harpoon series since I was a teenager and this definately is better by a landslide."
,Recommended,321410,13778215,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jobert,"This game is fun! Really fun! Right off the bat, after downloading the game, CMANO has monopolized most of my game time.I even have nominated this for a new category in the 2016 Steam Awards: The Under the Radar Award.. haha.. get it?This game though is probably not for everyone.It's for people who love simulations and RTS games. Those who are into action games, platformers, and shoot-em-ups would probably want to avoid this. If you enjoyed Warcraft, Starcraft, the Total War games, Civilization,  Warhammer, the Wargame series (EE, ALB and Red Dragon), then this game would be worth considering.AND, if you are an old geezer like me and have sneakily played Harpoon on the office PC during the late 80s/early 90s then this one is a no brainer.Watch Baloogan's YouTube videos on this game. I have spent hours watching his games and have learned a lot from it. His videos are what gave me the final push to get this game.For some reason, Steam has a problem tracking my game time. My guess is that the initial loading screen is what it tracks (that screen stays on after loading the game screen which I turn off the first few times) and not the game screen itself.The learning curve is a bit high but not too high that it becomes frustrating. For me, the difference between frustrating and challenging is that frustrating is when you just want to get it over with in order to move on and challenging is doing it again and again until you are satisfied while enjoying it each time.This game is challenging.Graphics are basically limited to the unit symbols and the terrain map.. basically its your imagination (best to dl the image mods to have a mental picture of the units) that drives what you're seeing on screen. Reminds me of old Infocom ads in the 80s, how the brain is the best graphical processor around.There are a lot of mission scenarios. The page says 40 but after downloading the community pack, I have another 177 (!!!) scenarios that cover engagements all around the world! And there is an editor where you can even make up your own scenario.To give you an idea of the missions, the first tutorial mission was to bomb a couple of land targets that are protected by SAM installations. I launched a couple of F14s to patrol the area, set up Prowlers and Hawkeyes to monitor the area and jam enemy radar, then set up my strike force.I still haven't got a major victory (only a minor one; ran out of ordinance and had one bldg still standing). But I'll get back to this mission later. Going back to this mission and repeating it didn't feel like a chore to me.In the second tutorial, I had to micromanage one submarine through 4 stages sub v sub, sub v boat, sub v boat with a helicopter patrolling the area seeking you out, and finally sub v land target.Units are intelligent. Just send out the mission order, define the conditions and send them off. You can have them do the mission automatically or manually control and guide them.Much has been talked about the price. I got it on sale but still it was a bit high for me that I really had to think five times whether I should or should not. I'm glad I did.I think about it this way, I have spent much more on games I haven't played yet and some that I never will play again.Just to set expectations:1. The first thing you'll notice is that the game rests above Windows UI (similar to how Excel or Word launches). This took me by surprise since I initially thought that it was a subpar game because of it.  But don't let it fool you, the game is top notch regardless. Plus using dual monitors is easy because of this.2. The graphics. Much has been talked about it but to quote Cypher from the movie The Matrix, ""But there's way too much information to decode the Matrix. You get used to it. I...I don't even see the code. All I see is blonde, brunette, red-head""3. Sound. There is none to talk about. It's really basic that I just play it without my headphones on.4. The pacing closely resembles how the pacing would be in real life. Missiles takes minutes to hit targets. Your planes need time to be loaded up, taxi to the runway, and launch.5. Planning and strategy. When a scenario loads up, a pop up with mission details come up. It's best to read it and familiarize with the scenario. The overall strategy is laid out with some helpful tips but you must still have to plan out how to execute it6. The Database. Much has been written about its extensive database and boy, it really is. It's like a big technical manual of every weapon, vehicle, and even installations around; complete with its history, and the different versions and iterations around.7. No multiplayer. I really can't comment on this because I'm happy already with the way its set up but some would want to try this out in MP but sadly it isn't an option.8. UI comes out clunky and there's no immediate accessible keyboard control guide. After awhile though like most games you'll get the hang of it. But if I have to complain, it's the UI really.Command: Modern Air / Naval Operations is 100% really about the gameplay.Anyway, not sure if this review makes much sense but I wholeheartedly recommend this for people who love the genre and are deciding whether to get it or not."
,Recommended,321410,13348849,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Waspus,"So if you're thinking of buying this game, I beg you to get it on sale. If you're anything like me, if you want the game you'll ignore my review entirely and buy it at the ridiculously steep price of almost $90 it's offered at at the moment, but this review is coming from someone who bought it on sale for the low low price of $54.Now, I really can't recommend this game, but I'm not going to actively discourage anyone from buying it either. It feels more like a super-precise military combat simulator rather than a game, like something NATO uses to figure out if they could plausibly declare war on russia.However, the fact of the matter is, it's so expensive because it covers so much. I have yet to actually find a post-WWII military unit I can't build in the game. The search function may lead you astray because it *sucks*, but if you know exactly what you're looking for you can find the precise unit built in the exact year that you're looking for. And it doesn't stop there. If you pick a unit (This is most prominent with aircraft) it will let you select the onboard loadout. And I mean there are a *ton* of loadouts for every unit that carry every very specific missile made in a very specific year by a very specific company, and they have loadouts with 4, 5 and 6 of them onboard. I mean this game (simulator?) is seriously detailed.After you've spawned a unit, you can go into a screen showing you very detailed information about the unit. The game (Again, simulator?) feels like they had 200 people working 24/7 finding out literally as much information as they could get their hands on, and supplied these people with an IV injecting caffiene directly into their bloodstream. There is a mind-boggling amount of detail in this ame, as in more than you could find if you wrote a doctorate thesis about every one of these military units.Now, I do have some concerns about this game:- This is very trivial, however I have not yet found a way to turn down the ingame music volume so I can play (simulate?) while lisening to music.- It seems like they put waaaaay too much effort into detail and not enough into sound, because if you have a couple destroyers firing on an enemy all you hear coming through your speakers is the same monotone boomboomboomboomboomboomboomboomboomboomboom. I haven't checked, but in the game files I'm pretty sure there's boom.ogg and aircraft.ogg, because this game has like 2 sounds.- The game (simulator?) gets really boring, really fast. I can't really take this game in high dosage without getting bored of whatever I'm doing. Everything goes so slowly it gets very annoying after a while.- If you're not a military expert with several four-year degrees, this game is going to confuse the ever-loving hell out of you. You'll boot it up, find the only plane you know (Which is probably the F-18 or F-22), try to spawn one, and then sit there trying to figure out which convoluted loadout is best, and then just clicking one at random and finding out the one you picked has no guns.So, to summarise my review for those who don't want to waste their time reading the entire thing:PEOPLE WHO SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME- NATO (Revising my review to note that BAE Systems actually uses this for actual, real-deal military applications)- People who are serious military geeks and don't think Wargame: Red Dragon is enough of an intellectual challenge- People who want to become serious military geeks and *really* like reading- People who kinda like military stuff with some money to burnPEOPLE WHO SHOULD NOT PLAY THIS GAME- People who play Supreme Commander and think this game is exactly like SupCom (It's not, in any imaginable way. Don't ask why, it's just not the same).- People who know nothing about military anything and have no desire to learn- People who want to play this game and not simulate this simulator.- People who have trouble paying attention for a long period of time.I'll reccomend some alternatives for people who want a casual-ish military simulator without having to alt-tab to wikipedia every 3 minutes:- Wargame: Red Dragon- Supreme Commander (Not the second one. The second sucks. Get the original)- Command and Conquer- StarCraft- SuperPower 2 (Good if you like running a country, but it does not have nearly as many units as C:MANO)TL;DR: Read the review."
,Recommended,321410,32750920,Posted: 24 June,all,DarkFire,"Oh boy, where to start? I've got little experience in this game (as a Steam purchase) but in the couple of dozen hours I've played in total a few things have become evident about this simulation.Are you the type of gamer who enjoys war games that simulate military units and tactics in total, obsessive detail? Games that include masses of data about every sensor, every weapon and every system a given ship, aircraft or weapon system might have? Enjoy reading hundreds of pages of manuals and taking in every tiny detail about the subject of the simulation? If this is you, then this game is for you.CMANO includes no 3D graphics at all, and 95% of the time is spent staring at a geographical map of whatever combat zone your mission your mission takes place in. Scaleability is however one of the strengths of the sim: you can simulate anything from a single bomber on a training mission to destroy a single target 10 miles away, all the way up to massive continent-size combined arms operations with endless objectives. And everything in between.Massive scale fleet actions? Check. Desert-Storm style huge and complex air wars? Check. Silent battles between submarines and enemy surface fleets across entire oceans? Check. This sim is capable of all of it and anything in between, all with every aircraft, ship and submarine system, sensor and weapon modelled in exacting detail with regards to performance and capability. To give you an idea of how serious a war simulation this game is, apparently it's used by several real-world navies as a training tool. Pretty much every ship and aircraft used by every country from the early cold war period right up to the very latest in military hardware is available to use in missions.The sim also has a very healthy modding and scenario-writing community. Litterally hundreds of user-made missions are available from the Steam workshop and other on-line forums so the replayability is more or less infinite.It should be mentioned that the learning curve is fairly steep, but that being said the sim includes comprehensive tutorial missions and players have also released their own tutorial campaigns covering the game mechanics in great detail. Pretty easy to pick up but incredibly hard to master, exactly as real-world military strategy is.If you love playing ultra-realistic war sims such as Steel Beasts, Digital Combat Sim, Jane's 688i or Harpoon and are looking for a war strategy game with that same awesome level of technical detail, this is absolutely the game for you. I'd have tgo say that this is not a game for casual players as it demands hours of practice and learning real-world military strategy and tactics in order to be successful, but if doing that appeals to you then irrespective of the price you'll get hours of satisfaction from CMANO. Very highly recommended!"
76561198254618921,Recommended,321410,30185168,Posted: 25 February,all,Cavin,"As many have already said, this isn't a game, but rather a simulation.  I'm goanna keep this simple.  It's a great game that's incredibly realistic, with pretty much any Ship, Aircraft, and Weapon you can think of in the Post-WW2 era.However this comes at a price to the casual gamer.  If you have not studied these systems, or don't have experience in the Navy, you are going to be completly lost.  Since this is a ""Simulation"" rather than a Game, you NEED to understand the technology.  There are tutorials, but even those require a basic understanding.  Additionally you should also understand Naval strategy and how to actually go about sinking an enemy fleet (Obviously).The high price is also something to be considered.  But i can assure you, if you like strategy games, and you like Naval/Air battles, this game is without a doubt worth its price."
76561198051826574,Recommended,321410,18047210,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Badsharkbad,"At $80 I am relunctant to recommend this game but I will.   I paid full price for the game and I am satisfied.    It took me a few months to convince myself to purchase the game at full price so now I am committed to getting my money out of it.Cons:Price - It is very expensive for a game.   They are going to limit who buys or even considers this game because of the price... but maybe that's what the developers of the game want.Land Units - The game is called Command: Modern Air/Naval operations.  It's not called Command: Modern Air, Land and Naval operations,  I get that.   BUT,  really... you can't have marines, navy seals and other infantry units in the game and then put almost no programming to make the units useful in a scenario.   You can add marines or seals to an aircraft for deployment but you have no easy way to get them off the aircraft.   You have russian, UK paratroopers that you can select for a scenario but no US AB units.  You can't add specific infantry units to an aircraft for deployment.  The land units move around the battle field like aircraft in some cases.   Land unit gameplay could be better with a little tweaking.Pros:The air and naval side of the game is detailed to insanity.   You have to know your unit capabilities and weapon load capability to make it work.   If your jets fly over the enemy airfield and nothing goes BOOM... you did something wrong.  Check your weapon and load specifications.  If you are at 1000 feet but the weapon requires 10000 feet to be released.... it won't fire (lesson learned).   The game requires more then just a point and shoot mentaility.    You need to plan it out,  understand your unit and weapon capability to be successful.I won't go into submarine warfare part of the game because at this point I don't know what I am doing with it.   The details of the submarine gameplay are again, INSANE.Scenario editor -  I love messing with the scenario editor and trying differnt event triggers and actions.  It's also a great way to learn more about units and weapons capability in the game.  The editor is what makes the game for me.   Most of my time in the game has been messing with the editor.    You can literaly build any operation or battle in this game.  The only limitation is your imagination and time.    Somene posted the game is 60% research,  30% scenario creation, 10% gameplay and that is about right.This game makes you want to learn more about operations,  units and weapons.   It's required.Support - I had an issue with one of the scenarios and support was there to help.  I'm always relunctant to contact support for any game because I know in most cases customer support is not a reality... but in my case the technician gave me a solution to my problem immediately.This game has a dedicated development group that is constantly updating the game and listens to the players.The game overall is a fun game to play.   As I learn more I'm sure it will get even better.   There is a learning curve and it will take a lot of gameplay to really understand all the mechanics in the game,  I just hope I have the time to commit to it."
76561198032300721,Recommended,321410,12296560,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Nostok,"I would like to say Bravo! to the developers.  You have an impressive system here.  I call it a ""system"" and not just a game...I'll explain:First, if you are looking for fancy graphics and ultra-fast unrealistic action, this game is not for you.  This is a complex, battle simulation on an Operational and Tactical level of war.  It uses the NTDS symbology to plot unit positions on a map, much as you see on real world battle systems.(I feel like I am back in the Command room that I worked in years ago...only much improved.)Second, I don't have to dig out my Jane's books to look up a range or specs on a particular weapons platform.  With a click or two you have that information available almost instantly.  The weapons database is one of the other reasons I call it a ""system""Third, you must plan your attacks, or defenses with attention.  This is not the run in and gun type of game.  This requires thought and planning, considering terrain, resources and unknowns.Fourth, you can create your own scenarios with units from the Korean War era to the near future.  Your imagination is not limited by the by the system but enhanced by it.  Oh, and by the way, there already is a large user community out there making scenarios for download.My fifth and final positive point is that the developers are very engaged in this project.  Both fixing bugs and adding functionality.Some minor negatives:1.  Don't bother with the sound.  Turn it off and use your imagination.  There's no sound effects in the Command Room either, (Unless you count loud Lieutenants)2.  Some users have reported blocking bugs, but realtively few and the devs are actively working on it.  I have encountered none so far myself.3.  Currently no Steam Workshop support, but installing scenarios is no more complicated than unzipping and placing in the correct folder.A definate buy for the wargame enthusiast, but it is not for everyone.  If you have qualms about buying, do some research first."
,Recommended,321410,21284935,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Borgmeister,"Ok, so I picked this up since I was curious as to what a £70 game should contain - especially since the poor graphics are pretty self-evident.So having logged just over a full planetary rotation in it I can tell you now that there is a two questions you need to answer: are you fascinated by military hardware, to the extent of being interested with minutiae level of detail. If yes to that, then answer: would you like to see what that stuff can do in a particular setting. If yes to the first, but not the second, just buy a copy of Jane's. If yes to both, then buy this.For me, I was able to justify the cost, but in hindsight, I would have paid the full price (although who ever does that on Steam?! Oh, wait, me with Fallout 4) considering the sheer quantity of information available.The gameplay is actually more intuitive than the UI might lead you to believe; although there are elements (probably whole swathes) I've yet to even discover. Imagine the fidelity of submarine control from Silent Hunter, combined with strategic nuking of DEFCON, combined with data reading of Papers, Please! combined with the field positioning of the Total War series (though with far inferior graphics - they really are poor, though you will soon see how irrelevant this is; chess didn't endure due to graphics!). Visually, watching a battleship bombardment closeup looks not dissimilar to a game of Missile Command - lines and expanding circles.What I have found most amazing is the way the ""Friendly AI"" keeps everything coherent and cohesive. Whilst a great deal of care must be used with mission loadouts etc, the game plays units smartly when you aren't tending to them.There is a wealth of community stuff available - but the real gold isn't to be found on Steam. If you do pick this up Google for ""Baloogan Campaign"" and watch his YouTube video's - this guy takes it seriously and I ended up glued to his tutorial videos.Do I recommend? yes. Should you listen to my ""recommendation"" - with this title even I would urge caution; only a very specific mindset will appreciate it (it makes EVE look very simplistic by comparison for example). But yes, I would."
,Recommended,321410,18654809,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[MOW] Mr.Nowak,"CMANO is one of the greatest simulation games out there for those who are interested in military hardware. From it's seemingly endless and detailed military database to it's many scenarios that cover a period from 1945-2020 this is a military armchair generals wet dream. The game mechanics include a serious sensor/weapon gameplay in which an intricate amount of calculations are made akin to an actual military grade combat simulator. You want to see what happens when X forces attack Y area that has Z units? You will get a pretty accurate picture of how it would end up with this game.In addition the editor seems to be a endless toolbox where you can exercise your dream military engagements and even create campaigns with some effort. There is a great deal of tools like triggers, events, scores, weather, time that help you create whatever scenario you dreamt of. The editor is where most of my time went to I tested hundreds of military hardwares in different situations. To give a few examples the S400 vs F35 or DF21D vs Gerald Ford Class Carrier. Both tests ended up having very interesting results.There are some obvious downsides namely being the UI and Performance but those are not distruptive to the experience and have been improving ever since it's release with 9 big patches released so far. Kudos to the developer team for their continuous support of the product. As of the writing of this review I think the game has gotten very smooth on these two weak points.  In addition to those points I have to say out that the visual aspects of the game are weak since it features a world map but it maintains the modern Command and Control Center operator feel which is crucial.If you think the price curve is too high for CMANO go get Command: Northern Inferno it's a smaller scale CMANO that features a 1975 Cold War turning hot campaign that will teach you how to play and will give you good a taste of the game mechanics.In Conclusion I give this game 9/10."
76561198045774472,Recommended,321410,16385367,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MaRkV,"I know I have, at this point, only scratched the surface. Or, rather, gently rubbed at the surface, but I wish to state now that I thoroughly reccommend that you buy this game. There is one cabveat though. The price is very high. I admit this and I will say that I got it during the 50% off special sale here on Steam. I have been wanting to get CMANO since it was first released but just could not justify the cost.Anyway, what is so special? I played a game called Harpoon many years ago. I played each version as it came out. This is the spiritual successor to Harpoon. There are even the same people who were so influencial in Harpoon 2 and 3 working on this version. For example Ragnar Emsoy.What do you get for your money then?Flashy graphics with amazing 3d models of the ships and aircraft you control? NoGreat voice acting? NoGreat big explosions when your weapons hit an airfield? NoA game of such depth and interest that it will keep you playing for years? Hell yes!!!A developer who is always looking for new additions to the game? YesA developer who adds these new additions regularly? YesA developer who fixes bugs quickly? Yes!Large community who can help you get started? YesThe ability to create your own scenarios? YesThe ability to modify platforms with new weapons? YesThe maps are basic, but then this is the point of the game. You are controlling groups and platforms from a command centre. you are not looking down on the world seeing Intruders and prowlers flying over mountains. You have NTDS symbols that move across the map following your flight plan.When creating scenarios you don't just have two sides to play with. Create multiple sides with different postures between various factions. No longer red vs blue. Want red vs blue with green who are neutral to blue but also are unfriendly to red? Easy to set this up.This is not an easy game. If you want a game that you manually fly your intruder into Hanoi airspace during the Vietnam war, expect to destroy a missile park, (yeah, I've read ""flight of the Intruder"" lots!), and fly out again this is not for you. If you want to plan full alpha strikes and set up ingress and egress points yourself with iron hand missions going in first then this is for you. But this is not just a game set in the past. The platforms include the Queen Elizabeth aircraft carrier, not yet in service. There are two databases available for the game, the cold war database and DB3000. This give you the choice of so many platforms with DB3000 giving platforms from 1980 to 2015 onwards. This is so brilliant!!!Personally I think that I may as well remove most of my other games from my downloads as they will not get played a lot now.I will stop here as I have been writing this while waiting for my Seawolf to creep around an island looking for 2 Nampo frigates that are there somewhere. :-)"
76561197991989099,Recommended,321410,24219725,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,GREEn_t,"***WARNING! This is not a sit-down, left-click walk in the park.  I highly recommend that you first go through the tutorials.  The initial tutorials will explain almost everything you need to know.  You'll need a good full day to learn the basic controls.***NO MULTIPLAYER (yet)***WHO MIGHT LIKE THISThe type of people who purchase this game are highly military minded, geopolitical enthusiasts, and/or people who work for think-tanks in Washington, who want to play out simulated real-world scenarios of any size or scope imaginable.  Surgical strikes in Saudi Arabia via US strikes against militants? You bet.  A naval blockade by NATO forces of the Baltic Sea against Russia? Let's go.  All out war between the US Pacific Fleet, including allies such as the Phillippines against the Chinese Navy? Bring it on.***GOOGLE EARTH IS THE WHOLE MAPBasically, they've taken Google Earth, and allowed you to have free reign to setup naval and air operations ANYWHERE on the map.  And unlike Jane's Fleet Command that limited you to a certain section of the globe, the entire world is open on this game all the time.  You could launch a B2 Spirit bomber from Colorado, and send it on a sorty to the Middle East (midflight refueling points setup as well) and all the way back.  The game hosts 35 scenarios in total, with conflict dates ranging from the 1950s to modern day.  But there are many more scenarios that users have uploaded***JANE'S FLEET COMMANDIf you liked Jane's Fleet Command, you'll probably like this one too, however this game is MUCH more detailed and technical than Fleet Command ever was.  Personally, I like that it's more detailed.  Fleet Command meant you had to micro-manage all of your units, and this could get really hectic the more air assets you put into action.  In Command: Modern Air/Naval Operations, you're able to assign specific mission sets and other RoE factors for your squadrons before they ever take off and for your ships as well.  Rather than micro-managing on the fly (which you can still do, if necessary) you do all of the preparation heavy at the beginning of any operation.***VAST LIBRARY OF MILITARY EQUIPMENT, WEAPONS, EXPLANATIONSALSO, the game comes with an absolutely amazing library of every single military piece of equipment currently declassified.  It not only lists the ships, and aircraft, but it goes down into the types of weaponry they possess and then what those weapons themselves are capable of, and what they're used for.  This library alone is worth the price.  Sure, a lot of this information may be on Google, but it hasn't been fact checked, nor is it as consilidated into one place like it is in this game.Personally, I really love this game.  It's allowed me to play out one fictional scenario I've written about in my geopolitical book, which was amazing.  It's hard for me to have any cons with the game.  It's very technical, but that's just the way it is and I'm okay with that."
,Recommended,321410,22492478,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Rob,I need a tutorial for the tutorial... and maybe even a tutorial for that tutorial too. Perhaps even two tutorials for the tutorial for the tutorial.I'm sure this is great.. I just feel like I need a tutorial on greatness so I can figure that out.
,Not Recommended,321410,12331823,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Tobby,"TL;DR, 6/10, would not buy again unless discounted, but still weirdly timeconsuming in a good way.Interesting if you liked strategy games, sandbox and military history.Much easier than expected. Huge database, but limited gameplay mechanics. It comes to life when applying mods. Unfortunately it suffers from heavy framerate issues even on modern systems(insanely bad coding, suspect no GPU usage at all) and the sound is terrible. Soundtrack crashes halfway each time so had to disable it. It is a great game if you value data over everything else. fortunately I do, but can not recommend it as it is priced far to high and the quality is sadly to low. Multiple crashes during gameplay. It is still being developed, but only attempts at bugfix. Pick it up when it comes in the discount bin (50%). Hope the developer makes a successor game with a better engine. There is so much potential with the concept."
,Recommended,321410,28676509,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[21Tac] Hornet,"I was daunted by the initial $80 price tag. I wasn't really sure what I was going to get. I picked the game up on sale for $40. And after about 150 hours, I feel like I can say that it has been well worth my $40. So even though this review hasn't really told that much about the game, I hope it shows that the game is well worth the cost, especially when it's on sale.UPDATE- I now have 275 hours, and I continue to discover new things. The Chains of War DLC is also quite phenominal, I reccommend it highly as well!"
,Recommended,321410,19811251,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Alkiap,"The best military simulator ever, period.Incredibly detailed mechanics to provide the utmost realism that can be had without access to classified material, extraordinary mission builder supported by a very active and passionate community.True heir to the classic Harpoon, but much, much more detailed."
,Recommended,321410,16381409,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MacArthur1880,"Pros:1 - Highly realistic wargame2 - Very detailed information about all kinds of existing and retired military hardware3 - Editor that lets you to create and execute your own scenarios4 - Ideal for hardcore military strategy gamersCons:1 - Price, *sigh*2 - Poor GUI and graphics3 - Can be overwhelming and confusing for casual strategy gamers or newbies4 - May run slow even on latest PCsThe price is ridiculously high because >Matrix Games. Naturally, this is for passionate strategy fans with great demand for realism. Even though this game focuses primarily only on naval and air control, the degree of realism is quite high.At first you can just launch some planes and order them to engage particular enemies with few buttons.... OR you can analyze characteristics and properties of your planes, naval units, their missiles, radar specifications, etc. etc. and use that to choose certain combinations of loadout and to control individual planes' movement, speed and other properties in high detail, even though without fancy graphics.The game offers a range of scenarios, both hypothetical and historical, yet it remains a tactically-oriented strategy, rather than something global like what we see from Paradox or even other Matrix Games titles. Nonetheless, if that's what you're looking for, then you found something worth your while.Lastly, performance can be an issue as the game seems to be quite demanding despite its lack of great graphics. Don't let screenshots deceive you - this game will weigh on your PC unless it's adequate enough to run some of the latest titles on ultra settings.Other than that 7/10. I'm sure there is a niche for this kind of games, and this looks like the most serious\professional strategy game ever made - a kind of game that NATO staff plays to exercise their strategic skills. As someone who studied strategy in college, I recommend it for those interested in the subject. For others? Not so much."
76561198085353484,Recommended,321410,21167861,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Used Dinar TREE,"Someone else said this, but it is pretty accurate.""You're basically paying $80 bucks to forego Naval ROTC/Annapolis, Naval War College, a 20 year military career to simulate what some ulcer ridden, balding, and stressed the hell out staff officer does for a living."""
,Recommended,321410,12278180,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Rob Graham,"If you enjoyed Harpoon, Fleet Command etc than you'll enjoy this.. There is a LOT of depth to the game/simulation which can be intimedating there is no denying that fact. As others have mentioned look at the video's around etc before you buy to check if its your cup of tea or not.That being said there are some things that they could have done a little better.. The UI is not the best, actually I've seen real military systems with far more friendly UI and that's part of the point here.. with the amount of information/data etc that your juggling UI is important and here you either need to know every short cut key or go hunting in the menu's, that shouldn't be happening especailly not in this day and age.The other is that you'll find the music getting on your nerves fast... but that's easy enough turn it off..Finally the Video they show is a little misleading in that even in the missions.. there is no scripted radio messages.. that come through audio.. at all, least not that I've seen.. again not a biggy but slightly misleading.All in all though I'm happy with it, But then I enjoy these styles of games.."
,Recommended,321410,27998489,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nicklovn,"Review from a nerdy noob to nerdy noobs (not a super Navy Officer Rear Admiral 2.0)So I love overly complicated games like this. Basically, if you fill a game with numbers and data for me to interpret I'll eat out of your hand like a recovering anorexic bunny.That said, I've written a similar review for Hearts of Iron III and let me tell you that this is nothing like HOI. I mean, I pride myself on being able to grasp things quickly, but holy smokes this one is complex (I enjoy sucking and learning ways to improve my tactics via experimentation and reading the 172 page manual which is like your civilian version of Navy/AF OCS/OTS. That's what I've been trying to do but it's just a bunch of intro. You'l eventually need to do some deeper research unless you're already a Naval or Air Force officer in which case please teach me your ways).Anyways, I'll add more to this review when I learn more about this game. Just know that it's not a pretty polished game like HOI IV. Quite literally it plays like what I imagine a Navy Intel officer would see (of course I don't have a TSC so I have no clue what they actually see. Maybe aliens but the game doesn't simulate aliens for some reason. Source: Have been abducted!). Basically, you don't zoom into things smoothly. It's literally quick movements around the map. You right click where you want your camera to center (not smoothly dragging around). Not sure how realistic this is but you'll get used to it fairly quickly.Another thing to note is the way the game displays. Basically it's just a big map with a bunch of displays and buttons and stuff BUUUUT....when you click stuff these popups display (so it's not your typical fullscreen game either. It's like an application. This is good for this game though. Just understand that sometimes you might need to look at multiple displays. If you have multiple computer monitors then this will be perfect. I have two set up. One has the map at all times the other...well the other should have the systems and weapons info but instead has the damned manual because so far my main accomplishment has been getting my ships sunk (seriously Morocco kicked my♥♥♥♥♥and I'm leading the bloody Spanish Armadda...which is really just four ships and a sub but whatever. Close enough).Ultimately, if you're a super nerd who likes maps and spends their free time reading military crap or you're a super soldier who does all the Hooah stuff for 10 hours a day and wants to sit back for a nice session of hooah (or hooyah for the Navy maybe...I think?) then get this game.Seriously, though, expect to put a lot of time in to accomplish anything. I recently got this game and have thrown a few hours in and it doesn't appear that the ships I lost will be recovered...Oops. I uh...I should probably resign!"
76561198083641736,Recommended,321410,32644087,Posted: 22 June,all,Jytky,"Fun to play, but i'ts not worth the current price. Buy it on sale."
76561198047339801,Recommended,321410,21783290,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Techpriest,"It's Harpoon. If you know what that is rejoice, for you have found your home once again. If you don't know what Harpoon is, it's a naval simulator complete with submarines and aircraft carriers. This is Harpoon, but Harpoon with wings, a kick♥♥♥♥♥guitar solo and more god damned possible scenarios you can create than I'd like to even start to theorize. C:MANO has a very steep learning curve, and the graphics are basically Google Maps plus Sharpie marks, but the amount of depth and sheer intensity it manages to convey without having to do much more than make a simple canned sound is incredible. You don't know terror until you've heard the VAMPIRE alarm go off seven times in less than seven seconds as that ♥♥♥♥ing boomer you've been trying to hunt decided it's had enough of your♥♥♥♥♥♥Combine a game that probably could be sold to naval war schools (and probably *is*) with a database of military planes and weaponry from the start of the Cold War to the 2020's, and it gets even better. Add in a healthy amount of theoretical platforms such as the F-19 'Frisbee', the A-12 Avenger, a navalized F-22, stealthy anti-ship missiles, and more you can put in with the editor, and pretty much any concevible air to air battle can be portrayed by this game.Downside is the price. Get it on sale with Northern Inferno and have a blast. A nuclear depth-charge fueled blast. So satisfying.TL;DR 10/10 would cause global thermonuclear war again."
,Recommended,321410,17726911,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Skjold,"Amazing fleet command style simulator, but keep in mind. It is just that, a hardcore simulation. This is something for the most hardcore of military geeks and not casual gamers."
76561198012882014,Recommended,321410,31808472,Posted: 17 May,all,AttorneyAtWar,CMANO is simply the best Modern Air and Naval operations simulator on the market. Its pricy because it literally has every single weapon and platform you can think of from 1945 to the near future. While it isn't easy to get into once you start learning and experiencing it nothing can compare.
76561198192726397,Recommended,321410,33610452,Posted: 17 July,all,we tortured some folks,"I like this game, but I do have some issues with it.A lot of people won't like this game unless you're on the spectrum or a commissioned officer in a navy or air force. It is literally just shapes moving around on a map with some text telling you what they're doing and what is happening to them. That being said you can experience a lot of crazy things in this game from doing surveillance on some terrorist leader in Africa to World War 3 between ten or fifteen countries over the Syrian or Ukraine wars.There's few games like this. Off the top of my head I can think of Jane's Fleet Command, Dangerous Waters and Harpoon, but I'm sure there are others. Although those other games have very deep simulation and might be good for certain things (Dangerous Waters lets you play as units) this game probably has the most versatility of them all owing to the large database and unrestricted map. In games such as Dangerous Waters you would have to pick an area of operations somewhere on earth that was probably a few hundred nautical miles across and you could not leave this area. In Command you can have warfare on a global scale.It is quite realistic. Nuclear weapons require authorization, missiles have a probability of failure even without coming against counter-measures and I believe weather and other environmental factors can affect the performance of vehicles, weapons and sensors. The globe uses real-life Google map height data which allows sensors and weapons to be blocked by terrain features such as hills and mountains.The main thing that I have a problem with is the database being ""closed"". Which means it is ""locked"" and cannot be edited or added to in any way. The only mods allowed for this game are new scenarios.The devs claim this is because one of their stupid friends ""stole"" an older version of their database like ten years ago and so they ""locked"" it to prevent it being ""stolen"" again. I honestly fail to see the logic in this. Anyone can literally go through the in-game unit viewer and have a computer program manually copy down the data from each entry. They can then use it or do whatever with it and say that they created it based on Jane's or some other source. You could never prove that they took it from you unless you inserted some sort of secret code inside of the data that you could point to later as evidence that it had been copied from you. It makes no sense to lock the database for users because of a dev's internal issues.The only thing the locked database prevents is the game being better. If you want to simulate a certain weapon system (current but not included, near-future or theoretical) you are♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck son. The best you can hope for is a DLC. I know a million people have said this before and I doubt the devs will unlock the database based on my stupid review, but it needs to be said because it is incredibly lame that you cannot mod sensors, weapons, units etc. which would make this the ultimate game/simulator of its class.Another issue is that pre-1979 units cannot co-exist with post-1979 units for whatever reason (their excuse: two databases). I don't know the extent of this. I think it may only be in regards to naval units. While doing the Syrian War scenario I saw some Syrian Mig-23's flying around.The 80 dollar price tag is a little out of order and just kind of a bad idea from a business point of view. I know you worked your♥♥♥♥♥off on the game, but if you want to make money you're better off selling one or two units for 40 dollars than zero units for 80 dollars, because you're not moving a lot of units at 80 bucks a pop. But what the hell do I know? I'm not a CEO. I got it during the summer sale for like 30 dollars or something. At that price it was definitely worth it considering it costs twice that to fill up my car with gas now."
,Recommended,321410,12286685,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,taelengar,"This is very heavily based on Harpoon 2/3. I still have the original Harpoon 2 command cards, and all the keys in-game are even bound to the same values. I've played a great deal of Harpoon 2 and 3, and this is Harpoon 2/3 with nothing removed, but with a lot of extra detail added. The multimonitor support is very nice too.In a nutshell, it's Harpoon 2/3, with a graphical and UI over-haul, better performance, improved sensor modelling, mobile ground units, and with rates of turn and acceleration added for aircraft and vessels.  This game is the ultimate in its genre, truly fantastic."
76561198011676534,Not Recommended,321410,29078564,Posted: 6 January,all,jennings.gary,"I will preface the following with the fact that I have just started messing with this sim and there may be things I have not quite figured out or missed in the cursory reading of the manual and tutorials I have viewed. That being said I really wanted to like this game and it had been on my wish list for quite a while. From the onset it looked to combine the best of the Harpoon and Janes Fleet Command series while adding a touch of depth and realism both those simulations lacked. My overall experience in just the few hours I have been trying to wrap my head around the interface is it just the opposite.  It seems to be lacking in some crucial areas. For a game that requires one to meticulously plot out every waypoint for an air asset (lest you be condemned to micromanage and entire air war) it is quite frustrating that I cannot group aircraft and load mission sets without getting them airborne first. Basically, in a sim attempting this scope of realism I should have the ability to input an entire Op-Order broken into an individual Frag Order for each unit before they even leave the ground. Beyond that the friendly AI is absolutely stupid without the aforementioned micromanagement and the ability to adjust them on the fly is cumbersome, especially if you have multiple aircraft converging on hostile airspace. The editors claim an intuitive GUI and I hate to say that it cannot be further from the truth. A miss-click here or a fat finger there and something you have spent the last several minutes or even hours trying organize and execute takes a horrible turn for the worst. I again attribute this to the unintuitive interface and the stupid AI. To be quite honest, the designers could take a page from Falcon 4.0s real-time dynamic campaign map as the ability to edit strike packages, target sets and mission loadouts was actually quite intuitive and in many ways had the same meticulous attention to detail and threat modeling Command wishes to challenge the player with. I have yet to mess with the naval component though I am concerned I will encounter many of the frustrations I am experiencing with the air assets. I am hoping that this review is pre-mature and most of my gripes are coming from unfamiliarity as I see a lot of potential in this program and am excited to see if the developers will continue to improve on this platform but as of right now it just seems cumbersome and unpolished."
76561198027266628,Recommended,321410,23575885,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sanpaku,"This game – an excellent Sim really – is truly splendid, but it’s not for everyone.Command is the best Naval/Air simulator for 1945 through the near term future that you’re going to see without a security clearance (And some of the secured Sims aren’t as good either).  It’s long and fact and zero on trying to engage the user, which is as a good sim should be.Thousands of hours and reams of accurate, expensive data have been accumulated here.  The result is something you can use to accurately sandbox real-life events in the news, and see deeply into a situation you otherwise aren’t going to see without joining the military and ramping up into Staff School.  Want to see the actual likely effects of the North Korean nuclear proliferation?  Check out why Russia feels they needed to invade Sevastopol?   See how a nuclear Iran would really look?  This is one of the best places for civilians to see this.  This sim can change your geopolitical awareness, if you use it well.On the other hand, there are no dramatic first person graphics, no embedded plots, no immersive story lines.  And if you need these, look elsewhere.The learning curve is steep, but the community support is excellent.  This game also continues to evolve, so you aren’t going to wind up with a white elephant that sits on your disk with no fixes, changes or upkeep.Bottom line:  If you enjoy sims of this nature, this is by far the best I’ve ever seen.  And if you want something like WoW, you’re not going to find it here."
76561198016484494,Recommended,321410,31804106,Posted: 17 May,all,apache85,"Command: Modern Air / Naval Operations is a highly detailed simulator of air, surface and subsurface operations. The scope of gameplay is unrivaled; you can command a single ship or submarine for a few hours all the way through to an entire country or operational theatre for weeks on end.While there is a bit of a learning curve, part of the fun is learning about modern (and historical) military platforms and operations. There is a very welcoming and helpful community, and in my experience the developers are exceptionally responsive and dedicated--the amount of improvements and additions from when I bought the game (1.02) to now (1.12) is staggering; Lua scripting, improved tanker ops, weapon release authorisation (WRA), doctrine settings, ports and docking operations, enhanced aerodynamic modelling, sonar masking... the list goes on. And these are the free additions that don't require DLC.CMANO is more expensive than other games on Steam, but when you consider the open, sandbox nature of scenario editing as well as the constant additions to free community content (and developer updates), the price is not such a big deal. In my case I've racked up nearly 2,000 hours, so the price per hour is miniscule compared to other games I've paid less for but gotten bored with after a couple of days or weeks. If the price is a big hurdle, there are also frequent Steam sales.If you have an interest in air or naval warfare, CMANO will give you hours and hours of entertainment, and you'll learn a lot along the way."
76561197972434743,Not Recommended,321410,30457667,Posted: 11 March,all,Falschirmjager,"""steep"" doesn't come close to describing the learning curve for this game.  Before purchasing, I recommend looking at the tutorial play through on Youtube.  I hoped that my Harpoon experience from years ago would get me off to a good start - wrong!I do not have the monastic discipline required to master this realistic simulation, nor do I want to do nothing else with my gaming life - and that's what playing this well wouild require.For those who love this game - hats off.  For me, no thanks."
,Recommended,321410,21483851,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jonfl1,"I should start by saying that I'm a 10 year army veteran, with a solid 4 of that spent as an all-source intelligence analyst that worked on fusion database and all-source analysis systems mainly at the echelon above corps (EAC) and strategic level. That said, this is like straight up military porn. Words fail to convey just how much I love this simulator, and I call it a simulator because to call it a game would essentially be like calling GabeN an unaccomplished nobody.Seriously though, this is not a simulator for the faint of heart, or for RTS gamers looking for cutesy 3D models, explosions, and hit points. Everything, and I mean EV-ER-RY-THIN-G, is modeled in excruciating detail with extreme care and thought at every turn, from individual weapons systems to radar performance to 1970s era warships. The only thing not modeled to an insane level are ground units, and by that I mean that this is not a simulator intended to play out a second Korean ground war or the fighting in the Ukraine. But for air and naval systems, the detail and amount of control are beyond anything else I've personally seen in either a military or civilian product.Be warned, the learning curve is extremely steep, mainly because there are so many options and variables to take into account. But if that doesn't scare you, or if you happen to be a fan of the Harpoon series, then look no further because you've found the last serious air and naval combat simulator you'll ever need.I happened to catch it on sale, but I'm completely serious when saying that $80-90 is not nearly too much to ask for such a deep, serious, and versatile simulation tool. Do yourself this favor and just buy it already so that years from now you can tell your grandkids 'sit down, kiddo, and let me tell you about the best damn conflict simulator I'd ever had the privilege of seeing in my life.'TL/DR: If you like Harpoon or excruciating detail and don't care about graphics when it comes to serious military simulations, then quit reading/being a cheapskate and buy this NOW. Be warned, steep learning curve..."
76561198164076258,Recommended,321410,28761588,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,oceans777,"Those who loved Harpoon and possibly have a few Janes All The Worlds Aircraft/Ships on our shelves, this simulator is your dream come true. The database alone is worth this price on sale and the incredible scenarios you can conjour up are limitless. Working in the defense industry this simulator has a huge following and has acheived almost cult status in many circles. Worth every penny."
76561198008444445,Recommended,321410,19380990,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Monster Fart,"A small amount of time spent on this but well worth the purchase. The scenarios included in the game are solid. You can find more scenarios with a quick google search.Its worth the price because of its replayability. How? You create your own scenarios with the existing databases. Pick some countries, choose their sides, assets and play it out. Falklands part 2? Create it. Japan vs China? Create it. Save the Yazidis by inserting Marines in western Iraq? Its a scenario thats been made already. Bomb Iran as Israel or the US? Its been made. Russia vs Georgia? Its there.The scenario making is endless. The database is endless.Some complain about the UI but I have a good feeling that most of the time you'll find the military using Windows to begin with.Worth it? Absolutely. Its a classic that will only get better the more scenarios are made or when there are more flashpoints in the future.updated 12/30/16: workshop content is where to find scenarios. no need for google anymore. and lo and behold, with Libya's Sirte being a recent flashpoint, there's a Sirte scenario"
76561198120293964,Recommended,321410,22238693,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,kadok53,"Is ""LEARNING"" intense, but well worth it.  Will no doubt take me months of on again, off again playing.  A different type of game than any of the ""TOTAL WAR SERIES"" AND I ENJOY THOSE IMMENSLEY.  Some things I miss in this game are the chatter and sounds I have become accustomed too with my other games.  Just the sounds of helo's, ships moving thru the ocean or com's background chatter would help.  The incessant ""elevator/Doctor office music leaves me searching myself to capture the mood of combat as I watch my helo's drop sonar buoys to it.  Would prefer a ""verable""  Buoys launched sir or the noise of them hitting the water.  Maybe I'm just spoiled or just not cut out for this type of unique sim.  I like it though.  Some people put a lot of work to put this  sim together.  I know that because I checked some of their stuff thru ""Jane's"" myself.  Good luck take your time, enjoy."
,Recommended,321410,22920414,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Preador,"2 Hours in: Have not even figured out tutorial.EMCON!? ROE!? WRA???? HALP8 Hours in: Have mostly figured out how to complete basic trainingTLDR: The tutorial is an essay. Have fun reading.10 Hours in: First real scenarioCannot fire, no DLZ? Not Illuminated? Bah more learning18 Hours in: Beat first scenarioHave discovered one reason why game is over 3GB for just 2D graphics: mega detailed data sheets on weapon systems and units.22 Hours in: Beat same scenario from other side24 Hours in: Hotkeys are your friends40 Hours in: Downloaded image pack(s), A Egyptian F-16 and an American one have unique images!~60 Hours in: Community Scenario pack has an update! More downloading!~65 Hours in: Playing around with the editor. So many civilian craft! Time to make contact identification brutal in scenarios!To be continued...Going to say this outright: This game is not for the faint of heart. If you've found this game and you think you know strategy, think again. But dont give up, it is very rewarding once you learn it."
,Recommended,321410,27283686,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Gold,"Quick review:Amazing title that takes the laurels from Harpoon. Some intense battles to be had and the number of assets available is unbelievable. The DLC are scenarious and you can have fun fighting in the Syrian Civil war and so forth and understand why somethings happen the way they do.It is a bit let down by a lackluster AI and a confusing UI. The UI in particular is ancient and not very user friendly. Even after you somewhat get used to it you will still get a bit lost.Long Form:Well, if you like games where it takes a long time to do a scenario because you have absolute freedom, you are going to love this one. You can change everything in a given scenario or create your own and have fun seeing the forces pitted against eachother. You can even play vs a friend in local coop hotseat (by running the scenario through the editor).I wouldn't call this game fun in the normal sense you usually expect in a game. You will see no images of what you are doing and what is happening. It is all abstracted to symbols. The UI is not fun either. For me, it is the worst thing about the game. It is that bad. Sure you start to get used to it but you will still struggle. Of course, tutorials and RTFM are essencial here otherwise you might get a bit lost and without a clue of why your precious ships are being torn to pieces by a rag tag force comprised of an HMG mounted on a polank of wood, some glue and an old man who has a speech impedement that makes him unable to pronounce the word turnip.Now this game is fun FOR ME and if you are like me and like to watch numbers going down on a screen and calculate hit probabilities and force comparisons (statistics) and you have a soft spot in your heart for military hardware, then by jove will you have a blast in this game!Seriously, even the UI will stop being such a hassle after a while and you will start seeing your simulations bear fruit. Mind you. This game has the mark of a truly realistic game in that when you win a scenario you are left with a feeling of bewildered disappointment as there are not loud noises and flashy colors saying ""WOOOOO!!! You are awesome. Like, literaly the best general ever on the face of the Earth!"" and you probably have no clue about what just happened in the past 3 hours while you moved your symbols about the map.You just get a white square saying ""Scenario over, now we will show you the score"". underwelming really but usually ultra realistic games like this one usually don't go about blowing your horn (future update maybe?)."
,Recommended,321410,30451284,Posted: 11 March,all,PK SPACE JAM,"If you are at all interested in modern combat, weapons systems, or air/naval operations, you must buy this game. It is seriously a crime not to buy this thing when it is on sale. It includes what probably is the world's most complete database on weaponry, aircraft, radar, ships, and a number of other modern combat assets. The game is not difficult to learn at all, the mechanics are fairly straight forward and simple, where it does get complicated is strategy and implementation. If anything, it is most definitely a hard core simulation rather than a game, but the variety in the types of scenarios give a feel for operations from the tactical scale - strategic.If you are a board-wargamer or a PC wargamer and consider yourself somewhat serious about the hobby, you need to buy this, you'll not only enjoy it, you'll be about 20X more informed about modern combat assets and operations after messing with it for an hour or two.Multiplayer is being eventually added which will be fun, but the AI itself is brilliant. The scenario editor is powerful and amazing, you can try out hypothetical designs or whatever your heart desires. You basically can emulate every clancy novel with this game lol.Edit: I should mention that there arent really any graphics in this game, but who gives a ♥♥♥♥. You are talking to a guy that grew up on Dwarf Fortress.More recent edit: People complaining about the graphics are very silly to me, you could play this thing on a ♥♥♥♥ing CRT TV with windows 97 and it wouldnt make a difference, it's about NATO/DoD symbols representing real world weapons and the implications of the use of strategic force and tactical doctrine. Simply put, don't buy this game if you are more concerned about graphics than the things actually going on in game you rubes.The developers put in a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of time and effort and there are huge programming hurdles to be figured out to make things work natively with whatever fancy monitor you may have, the program is primarily bought by government clients who have it modded (ARMY, NAVY, CIA etc) for their own use. Their specifications I would assume would take a higher priority than some guy on Steam."
76561198137799931,Recommended,321410,24179817,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Brand,"is it worth $80?  yes.  heres why>Conducting a covert intelligence-gathering Mission by electronic means(ELINT) operation off the coast of ukraine with an ohio class submarine in 2016.>i recieve a radar ping from an unknown enemy contact(SKUNK)>i immediatedly start sending out Sonar pings and radar emissions in a frantic state of panic>russian sub nowhere to be found>2 torpedos located headed straight for me>hardcore manouver to borderline crush depth and evade torpedos>get a SKUNK contact>say to myself ""♥♥♥♥ IT,  I HAVE YOU KNOW YOU SLAV ♥♥♥♥♥♥"">fire 6 torpedos from all tubes>SKUNK contact dissapears as my torpedos impacted the target>manouver to investigate to find out i killed a blue whale.......>recieve 1 torpedo contact just before i get struck>my submarine is now an artificial reef off the coast of Kiev.10/10 would go whaling again."
,Recommended,321410,28766781,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Player of Games,"Pretty cool Harpoon modernization. Be ready to read up and maybe watch some videos.A few points:This game lives and dies with it's scenarios, as everything is heavily scripted.Thus, sorting through the ton of (community-made) scenarios to find the good ones can be a chore at times.Mission editor is very powerful and makes for a nice sandbox.Limited support for high-dpi displays (4K), although this has been improving over the last few patches and is now largery playable."
76561198340984906,Recommended,321410,28114122,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,gregofficial,"Love it! Every aspect of the game is fun. I can and do spend hours just looking through the database!I was big into older games like Harpoon until I finally came across this game.You can play scripted scenarios, or create your own in the editor. You can compare ships/aircraft/armies against eachother by simulating the battle! See if the F-22 is better than 4 Su-27s, or a US Destroyer vs Russian submarines.It has a steep learning curve, but once you get past that, the possibilities are endless"
,Recommended,321410,29084269,Posted: 7 January,all,FullAutoNinGyou,"An armchair general's must-have. Seriously, Eugen did a fantastic job in the Wargame franchaise to visualize the cold war turned hot, but what the Command series have accomplished is unparalleled in the genre of military sims. It is the only surviving legacy of the timeless Harpoon series. Highly recommended for anyone who have an interest in post-WII air/naval warfare."
,Recommended,321410,29415271,Posted: 21 January,all,Negationix,"Rather complex simulation with a bit too much to do sometimes. Although you can plan a complex operation while game is paused, start the game and watch it play out; most of the time you need to tinker with things all the time. Because, no plan ever survives contact with the enemy.The whole world is at your disposal, there are ton of missions to try out and community has created even more with the really great integrated tools. There's tons and tons things to learn and consider in each mission and probably a really thick book could be written about how to play the game.There's two things that I found a challenge in the beginning: understanding how to play the game (how do I make my planes and ships do what I want them to do. And what is even possible to do in the game) and how to conduct missions (do just barge right in, maybe take a detour and use mountains as cover). Community is good and can help you with both.Price is quite high, but on the other hand, we aren't talking about game that complete in 100 hours and then ditch aside. If you can get into game, learn enough to start enjoying it and you like modern air and naval warfare, this game is good match."
,Recommended,321410,25042138,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Revan,"The ultimate air and naval stratagy simulator. this ""game"" is so close to reality that the US Navy and the British Royal Navy use it."
,Recommended,321410,22771662,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Smug Nep Nep,A highly realistic game that is very detailed. Even though i'm horrible at the game i still enjoy it.
76561198021122870,Recommended,321410,17704027,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,th.hoermann,This game is not only a simulation of modern naval warfare - it IS naval warfare.I was a harpoonist for many years and loved the game. Command is as good or even better than Harpoon ANW. And most important: it runs on Windows 10 64bit.To all harpooners and naval warfare gamers: I highly recommend this game!
76561197994481536,Not Recommended,321410,18685008,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sketteck,"I think I made a mistake in buying this game.  It looked interesting and looked like it would be fun, but so far it is just too overwhelming and much too complicated to appreciate.  I may come to love it, but I'll most likely give up on it and go on to something a bit easier to grasp.  I find the gameplay isn't very intutive.  The UI seems antiquated and hard to manage.  I could see this game possibly being fun once you learned all the nuances of it, but that WILL take some time.  I think for casual gamers this isn't a good match.  I prefer games like war games like Hearts of Iron, Supreme Ruler and the ilk.  This game is not like those except in the broadest terms.  Those games have some complexity, but they aren't too difficult to figure out... they are intutive, for the most part, this game on the other hand is not.  My opinion may change if I ever take the time to get a complete understanding of it, but at present that seems a daunting task.  I think the game has a lot of potential and I love the specifics, details and all the minutiae the game provides, but I think the UI ruins the game.  The tutorials aren't very good and the graphics need updating.  I normally don't care too much about graphics, but this game seems to be lacking them almost altogether.  The price of the game is too high in my opinion.  I think the game is so high because of all the research involved.  Having a large database is nice, but I think the first goal should be playability.  The playability for this game is woefully lacking.  I wish I could trade this game in for another... they make a game that I think I would enjoy much more (War in the East).  I wish they would have offerred this for a free weekend so I could try it first... I bought it on sale for $59.99 (normally $79.99) and can already tell that it really isn't a game for me... and have only put in a couple hours or so.  I'm posting this review so others are forewarned, it's not what you MIGHT expect!  I thought it would be amazing considering the price and what I got was lackluster at best.  The game isn't horrible, but way over-priced for the casual gamer.  I think they are targeting a particular type of player and since they have basically no or little competition they can charge a lot for what they offer... so if you never played Harpoon or aren't a military junkie I would recommend giving this a pass.They need to offer this for a free trial weekend, but I don't think they will.  They probably are afraid that if they did they would lose more customers that might give it a try when it was on sale (like me) than they would gain from those interested enough to purchase after a trial weekend.Hopefully, I can get some enjoyment out of it... eventually."
,Recommended,321410,30771446,Posted: 27 March,all,daveoreno,"Simply the best simulation of modern multi-service operations, with an emphasis on Air and Naval actions. Hard to really think of this as a game in the traditional sense. If you have an interest in the technology of war, you will find no better tool for education. Watch some you tube videos first to see if its your cup of tea. The developers of this sim never stop developing it so it is always getting better to use.  Highly recommended."
76561197971161965,Recommended,321410,21931624,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Gizzmoe,"CMANO is a very deep sim without any flashy graphics. Expect a tremendous learning curve if you know nothing or little about the numerous platforms, weapon systems and sensors depicted in this game. The in-game database shows detailed informations about every single system/weapon/sensor though.The price looks relatively high, but it really isn't. The replay value is endless, it has a very good mission editor, tons of custom missions, and the devs are very committed, they constantly update it with new features.Old Harpooners should buy this without thinking twice, it's way better than Harpoon3. All other potentially interested gamers should watch Youtube videos about it first to see what this game really is about."
76561197983858101,Recommended,321410,27365195,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tieberion,"Wow.  Just like Harpoon, but with more goodies, and the same learning cliff.  Do not get this expecting a fast paced FPS, this is a take your time thinker.  With Nukes.  And the 91 Iowa class Battleships.  Still getting the hang of things, but have already got some of my friends to pick it up while It's on sale."
76561198041199322,Recommended,321410,24312868,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,-2222-,"Excellent well thought out game! Brilliant TRS game. (I have played many, many hours despite the indicated 4.9 hours played, for almost 2 years now 99% in Beta - Aparadox) and Kudos to the Devs who continuously strive to makea better game!! No request in Beta was ever too small to be overlooked.Well done and well worth the money!!"
76561198048091979,Recommended,321410,13809094,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Prometheus Unbound,"So, i was not sure about this game, at first. I did not want to shell out the considerable price for a game i would not use. Granted i have not played much, but thats not for a lack of wanting to. Normally i get bored easily with RTS type games. They just get too samey for me, for various reasons.But, as is obvious, i took the plunge. I had read and seen enough to warrant a gamble.I did not regret my choice...This is not what i would call an RTS (even though it is, sort of). There is a complexity to it that makes it interesting. I cannot just pick this game up and win instantly, by spamming units and just overwhelming the opponent. I have to work with what i have got. Also, i need to really know about the unit/s i am commanding. I need to know what they have in regards to all manner of things ranging from weapons to sensors.I need to think before i attack. Tactics. Real tactics. Guns blazing often gets you killed.And then there are things such as creating missions in a scenario. Instead of just directing my units by clicking on a spot on the map and hoping i find something i can set search patterns, or direct units to patrol. and the AI will actually do it without completely messing up by expecting me to babysit them all the time.Another refreshing thing is the combat itself. The best thing i can compare it to is a tabletop wargame. It essentially rolls a virtual dice, in the background, for hits and misses, with modifiers that influence the outcome, of course. To me that represents something that some RTS's are missing, and thats individual skill. A bit like the UFO games with the people in your unit having their own skill sets.For me, though, the icing on the cake is the scenario editor. I can create so much. I have recreated the Falklands War. I created WW3 I even created small scenarios such as pirate hunting. This is all done because there are so many tools at your disposal.Now, i know a lot of RTS's have mission editors. But not to this extent. At least none that i have played.I love naval combat. So this filled a niche that was missing in my game library. Dont get me wrong, the air combat is just as good. But i have a history of family members who were Royal Navy. So there is a bit of bias. I always loved hearing about tactics and ship types and so on...Which brings me to another point, that may seem odd to some people but others may be able to relate to: I am unable to serve in any of the armed forces. But if i could i would. This provides me a small amount of satisfaction in that i can at least play act, in a way, i can feel like i am commanding a ship in battle or a wing of Air Force jets. Something no RTS has ever given me.Anyway, i could go on and on about this game.It is a great milsim. Dont let the price put you off, its dear for a good reason. You are not buying a game that you will forget next week when the next AAA title comes out. Its something that will make you come back for more. Understamd, though, this game has a steep learning curve, and i urge you to read the manual that is available in the Forums section of the CMANO community. It helped me a lot. And also Youtube is your friend."
,Recommended,321410,25485585,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Dr. Strangelove,"Summary - The best modern Air/Naval warfare simulator on the market.Pros:1. A huge variety of different planes, ships, subs, and equipment of all sorts. All very carefully researched and detailed.2. Quite realistic behavior of different vehicles and systems.3. Great variety of different scenarios, thanks to a thriving community. You can fight nearly everywhere from 1940s to the near future.4. Great scenario editor.5. I like the graphics. They feel like commander's display. I genuinely prefer it to 3D graphics.6. Devs are still adding new features and the game is nicely supported.7. Stability - crashes are very rare, although do happen.Cons:1. Lack of ground combat.2. Lack of true amphibious operations, although you can make them using scripts.3. No downed pilots except for those created by scripts.Anyway, done with the nitpicking. This game is really good."
76561198090825607,Recommended,321410,31241483,Posted: 19 April,all,61st IL [Co.A] 1stLT Bull_Moose,"First things first, I would say that CMA/NO sits right on the line separating what is a game from what is purely a simulator, and that should be taken into account for anyone considering purchasing it. Secondly, yes, it's $80, I got it for 60% off and it is commonly at least half-off during major steamwide sales. As with any game, I would recommend it be bought on sale.One common concern about CMANO is bugs, which frankly I have experienced very few of, I would say around 1/100 of the scenarios in game that I have edited/created have wound up bugged and/or corrupted beyond fixing. In my own experience with the program I would not list bugs as a major problem, although of course I cannot speak for everyoneThe program takes an enormous database of weapons platforms, systems, sensors, etc, and models at the very least a rough approximation of their publicly known capabilities, takes a range of variables, and rolls the dice regarding how these systems successfully or unsuccessfully function in whatever scenario they are being used in, (ex, It determines whether or not a surface-to-air missile successfully hits its target, is spoofed by countermeasures, or simply misses). This sort of dice-rolling (literally called that in the program) is an issue for some (primarily concerned about just how ""realistic"" the results of this actually are) and is often combined with concerns about the limitations of the scripting in-game. These concerns and complaints are completely valid, although I implore anyone to find a program at the scale and complexity of CMANO that is wholly open ended and with all possible variables as seems to be desired that can be acquired without a government license for a price tag under $200.------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DRPros:A simulator without easily accesible peer, and the only of its kind availiable on steam.An absolute dream for those desiring and/or interested in this kind of simulatorOn sale during the major sale cycles on SteamStill actively updated, particularly the database, but---->Cons:Expensive, clearly.No free demoBugs may be an issue for youAlthough I don't take issue with it, the UI simply sucks.<----any new major features are probably going to be DLC (as is sadly expected of most games nowadays)Meh:Performance (Framerate) isn't a steadily flowing creek, and probably won't be regardless of your specs, if this is a problem for you, its a Con, if not, it isn't.Enormous learning curve, some hate em, some like the challenge, I am one of the latter.----------------------------------------All in all, I enjoy it very much, haven't bought the LIVE DLC scenarios, don't think there is much of a need to. I am a junkie for this type of stuff, and having got the game 60% off it is worth every penny.If the price is your #1 sticking point for trying it out, I recommend the standalone DLC Northern Inferno, $20 regularly, and less than $20 on sale, It's a single standalone""campaign"" in the game that is useful to see if CMANO may or may not be ""your kind-of game""ps. if you buy it, don't forget to download the platform descriptions and pictures from the website, helps a lot with familiarity and makes things more enjoyable."
76561198002933633,Recommended,321410,12291948,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,animalshadow,"ENG:If you ever played Harpoon Series and/or Jane's Fleet Command and if you're interested in tactical/operational sims where you have full control over air and naval units, based on Cold War and/or Modern Era this sim is for you.Pretty easy to start if you have similar games experience.Built In Scenario Editor gives you possibility to create almost any scenario you want, from fully historical authentic to absolutely fictional operation.In-game tools provide you with very detailed control on whole operation phases.Every unit is worked out in details, every ship has its own, modeled in real time, system - which can be controlled by crew(AI) according to RoE or by yourself.Simulator provide player in real time detailed environment log, where you can check - when, who and what did.You can plan and execute small scale operation (ex.:Israeli air raid on terrorists HQ in Tunisia) or you can be in change of the whole Desert Storm operation.Really like it and looking forward for multiplayer addon.RUS:Если вы играли в серии игр Harpoon и/или Jane's Fleet Command и если вы заинтересованы в симуляторах тактического/оперативного типа охватывающих период Холодной Войны и/или Современных операций, где имеете полный контроль над воздухом и водой - этот сим для вас.Довольно легко начать, если у вас есть опыт в похожих играх.Встроенный редактор сценариев дает возможность создать почти любой сценарий который вы пожелайте, - от полностью исторически аутентичного до абсолютно вымышленного боестолкновения.Внутриигровые инструменты дают вам возможно полного контроля на всех этапах операции.Каждый юнит спроектирован в деталях, каждый корабль имеет свои собственные моделируемые в реалтайме системы - которыvb может управлять сам экипаж(АИ) в соответствии с RoE или-же вы можете это делать самостоятельно.Симулятор обеспечивает игрока журнал событий в реальном времени, где вы можете проверить - когда, кто и что делал.Вы можете планировать и осуществлять маломасштабное операции(Например: Израильский авианалет на штаб террористов в Тунисе или вы можете встать во главе операции - ""Буря в пустыне"".Очень нравится и с нетерпением жду аддона с мультиплеером."
76561198142078234,Recommended,321410,21657569,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ctfitzgerald,"WOW! 100% perfect.  As a former USN nerd, I can tell you this is as accurate as you can get without getting wet. Beautiful. After playing the Persian Gulf scenario, I had to go outside to make sure I was still on land."
,Recommended,321410,16328433,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TheRifleman,"It has an extremely sharp learning curve, as much as I love these kind of simulators and have a real interest in modern defence systems I was still very frustrated starting out.Once you get used to plotting the missions, fiddling with the settings etc the only limit is your imagination, as cheesey as that sounds.Want to send an Indian carrier against a Chinese carrier? Do it. How about a nuclear B-2 raid against Russia? Get on it.Plus it's on offer right now!"
76561198119600068,Recommended,321410,29407444,Posted: 21 January,all,inanetunaman,"Ok, let’s put this first, there is a HUGE learning curve for this game, it takes a few hours of experimenting to understand the interface and commands, it is not innately straightforward like fleet command, but it is not impossible and makes more sense after a whileI already mentioned fleet command, and I do think this game a ok replacement for it, for this review, I am assuming you were someone that liked that game or something very similar and wants to replace it as fleet command won’t run for me anymore and lacks newer units, but fleet command had more missions and a more straightforward and user friendly mission editor, although more limitedI do miss the image screen from fleet command, you will probably get over that and it allows the game to support a lot more unitsBut, at the moment it is not worth 80$, although it can be in if it is improved (I believe it is still being changed as there is the interface for things in the game that can’t be done yet), mostly it needs more missions, so making it easier to make them would improve the value quicklyFirst off, the editor needs to be way better some things that would help are:•	Options to restrict choices in the list to a time period•	Select by unit class, so I can have it list all minelayer or carriers, this would make it easier to assemble fleets•	Land facility generator: it would have you put numbers of buildings and then arrange them around a point on the map, this would make airbases easier to make but still attackable (although there is another way to fix this, but it is not for the editor)•	Options to add all of a layout to a carrier magazine, so add 10000 would♥♥♥♥♥10000 of each weapon that was on the layout once, so a 2 sidewinder 2 sparrow layout would add 20000 of each if the button was clicked•	Options to add custom layouts for aircraft, like putting Russian missiles on a f-16 that was owned by a different country•	Custom unit editor, this is possible without speed changes, but it is hard, especially if you want more than one(long live the battle-plane)•	Also, a custom weapon editor, these could be attached as a separate part of the scenario and added to the database when it was loaded, and removed when you are done(or it could just be a workshop file, but then people may get a scenario without the unit)•	And a  custom sensor editor it is really annoying to look up a table of ranges when adding a sensor to a unit, you see the “AN/asp ###”and have no idea what it really does, it would help if you could make you own and specify its range and effectiveness, and name it something else(this also would be helpful in missions as you can ID by what radar they use)•	Create unit event, as you can teleport a unit for landings, but there is no easy script to land troops form planes, at it seems odd to put the unit in Antarctica so you don’t see it•	Hidden event triggers, as when I get a message on the log saying “Iranian task force 51 attack”, it kinds of gives me early warning you would not haveAlso, some editor features I would like, but are minor things that only a small group of people would be interested in/hard to codeFictional land masses or being able to scale the world, like having the earth being 5 times the size if you wanted to do a WW2 with today’s weapons, and not change everything in the battle, as the battle of midway would be way different if both sides radars on EVERY planei have a bunch more possible impovements, but i seccond guessed this as a review, so it will be more reviewy"
,Recommended,321410,21482029,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,FM Lad,"Well i wont get into immense detail but quite simply if you have any interest in air/naval warfare you need to buy this game/sim. Its' fantastic and it now has the second most amount of hours played on a game in my library and i have many games. The amount of depth is staggering, the detail on a huge database of aircraft/surface ships/submarines/SAM systems plus loads more and loads of weapons and sensors accurately modelled to how they work in the real world.With so many scenarios created by the community and continue to get created, steam workshop support, active devs that constantly update and improve the game is fantastic. An example of this is the most recent update which enables waypoints for cruise missiles, weight dependant aircraft kinematics and electronic warfare improvements to name just a few of the improvements in the latest patch, along with a host of database additions.Its worthy of its price tag but just be aware that it may consume many hours of your life and if you have a girlfriend or wife, say bye to her lol.10/10"
,Recommended,321410,28928567,Posted: 1 January,all,Krampus,Grabbed this on sale for Christmas. Kinda feel guilty now for not paying full price. Rarely is a game so deep that you feel like you are drowning in the stuff even after getting through the tutorials.  It also happens to be fun if you have even a single vein of war/military nerd in you.Do 3AM tv military documentaries put your to sleep or wake you up? That answer will detrmin wether or not you should get this game.
76561198031447499,Recommended,321410,14334234,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Root,"This game is very much dependent upon the scenario you play.  It will also run slowly if you don't have a good CPU.  But If you liked Harpoon, then you will like this."
76561198304852379,Recommended,321410,26171238,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Rayf,"I  have been despondent since the demise of Harpoon. I am an ex-submeriner from the cold war era. I purchased the Command, Northern Inferno package to see if it was comparable in realism to Harpoon. It took one scenario to see that it was far more advanced and realistic. I immediately bought the main Command Naval wargame. If you are a naval historian or inthusiest this is a gamers wet dream. Even if you dont play the game, the data base is worth many times the cost of the simulator. James Warships and weapons references are all here for the relevant time envelope. The very best feature in this simulator is that there are no built in rules. outcomes are entirely dependant on your imagination and the platform capabilities. You can develop very advanced tactics with only practical limitations. I can truly recommend this product for serious naval war fans."
,Recommended,321410,25556337,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mercury,"In my opinion this is one of the best naval/air battle simulator that you can get on the marketIt has a ginormous database that includes all the ships, aircrafts, weapons, sensors, submarines, and missiles ranging from the beginning of the cold war to modern day.  If you like the Harpoon series, this would be a no brainer.There are a lot of scenarios made by the community and if you want to, you can easily make your own.Some features that this game lacks:Official Multiplayer, but there is a PBEM multiplayer called Joint CommandGround battle, not that important cuz this is a air/naval simulation but would still be nice if there is a more detailed ground battle system so that close air support can be simulatedIn conclusion this would be the best game ever if you are a fan of military simulatorsIt might take a while to get used to it, but once you start playing, you wouldn't stopSome useful links:Baloogan's wiki: good for finding historical info and unit database, also incluces tutorialhttps://wiki.baloogancampaign.com/index.php/Main_Pagecmano-db: fantastic site for unit comparisonhttp://cmano-db.com/"
,Recommended,321410,25971964,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Hara Surya,"Calling this game a ""hardcore"" military simulator is underestimating the scope and difficulty of this game. This is less the nice, clean cookie-cutter American hardcore where everyone is smiling and having fun and more ""A Siberian Movie.""This isn't so much a game and more the civilian version of a teaching aide a military academy might use to train naval officers. (And I believe it is exactly that because I've heard the British Royal Navy uses a special version in the classrooms.) yes the price is high (and like an idiot I bought it at full price) but it goes on sale often and, again, it's not really a game but a teaching tool for military tactics.Command is the spiritual decendant of the game Harpoon, which I played on paper with dice on my friend's living room floor because his house was bigger and we could lay out the scenario properly. Harpoon was developed by Larry Bond, a US Naval Academy instructor, friend and co-author of Tom Clancy and author of a few technothrillers himself.The computer version was a brick wall of complexity. Command is more like that meme about the learning curve of Eve Online where it turns into a cliff with bodies piled up at the bottom, people crucified at the top and bulldozers pushing more over the side. Make one mistake in the first ten minutes and you could lose a four hour scenario."
,Recommended,321410,31804051,Posted: 17 May,all,Peter,"Command Modern Air/Naval Operations is the true definition of a simulation.It is incredibly in depth and your imagination is the limit when creating scenarios. With Command's extensive database you get access to thousands to units and hundreds of thousands of loadouts for aircraft.The map offers a clear and easy to customise view. The ability to toggle all aspects on and off help get the experience you want. Whether you want detailed satellite maps via imported files or just a simple wireframe style borders. Or anything inbetween including a great relief layer to help with planning over different terrain types.The simulation accurately models so many aspects of air and naval combat it is far too long to list here. Suffice to say if you want accuracy at the highest level and a enjoyable, engaging experience; Command Modern Air/Naval Operations is definitely for you.It offers tutorial scenarios to help anyone new, along with multiple official scenarios and lots of community made ones. The included scenario editor will ensure maximum replayability and help you create or edit the scenario of your choice. For those who want to take it to the next level in scenario design, Commands included Lua capability really unlocks the potential to create anything required.The UI is clear and simple to use. With lots of context sensitive menus and all the options you need in easy to find locations. It's never been easier to plan and execute your operation. The mission editor allows you to set up automated missions for the AI to cut down on micromanagement if you prefer or you can take control of all aspects of every unit.The developers are quick to fix any bugs and often release free updates that include fixes, optimisations and best of all free new features.The community is exceedingly active and welcoming making your Command Modern Air/Naval Operations experience great from the moment you get it.I would recommend purchasing at the first opportunity and invest in a fantastic product."
76561198097017456,Not Recommended,321410,21559471,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,mxstylie,"I REALLY hate to give this game a negative review. I bought it full price about a year ago, I consistently go back and play it as you can see from my hours. The reason I go back to it is because I have not found another game like this out there. The amount of content and sheer size of this game is massive. Why the negative review? The reason ""I consistently go back and play it"" and don't continuosly play it is because it is EXTREMELY UNSTABLE and I can only take crashing so much before I move back to my other stable games. I literally crash every time I play in one way or another. The tech support is great and the community is very helpful and loyal, but that only goes so far and doesn't fix all the bugs. Editing missions is almost impossible if you want to work at a modern pace, if you try to work efficiently you will have problems. Playing the missions/campaigns at even 5x speed will cause issues as well. I will continue to go back and play especially when there are updates to see if things change and would love nothing more than to change my review to a huge thumbs up, but for now it's a no go for me. I wrote this review right after spending the day making a mission and I just had to stop and write this. Frustrating because it could be so good. Not worth the money in it's current state. I think it's time to move on to a new game engine and a new Command title. It doesn't seem to be made to run on modern PCs.My PC Specs:Windows 10 x64i7 4790K16GB 2400mhz RAM480GB Sandisk Ultra II SSD(2 SLI) EVGA Nvidia GTX970 SSCs"
76561197980581499,Recommended,321410,22634153,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,bwaffle,Great Game. This has the feel of Harpoon from way back when.
76561198063543879,Recommended,321410,20156382,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,jmaxj,"Don't be put off by the incredible complexity of the simulation - I would heartily recommend this game to anyone with any interest in the subject matter. Even if, like myself, you don't have the time or mental energy to devote to the larger scenarios, there are plenty of smaller scenarios that will provide hours of enjoyment without making your brain explode. The database and editor alone are worth the price of admission. A mind-boggling amount of research has gone into this amazing game, and it is constantly being improved. Nothing else comes close, at least nothing that's available to civilians."
76561198006597940,Recommended,321410,20867053,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,lord_mong,"This is as real as it gets, no frills, no arcade just pure strategy and authentic systems performance for each weapon modeled in the game, not for the casual player but deeply rewarding for the serious wargamer, absolutely recommended."
76561198007171411,Recommended,321410,20432440,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Praetorias,"I have only started playing the expansion Northern Inferno (so more hours recorded there) before I look at the scenarios in the main game but so far it is excellent. Very complicated and deep, after playing sub command but never playing games like Harpoon, this is something I have wanted for a long time since it was in development and called Red Pill. I decided to take the plunge at christmas and get this. Interesting and totally rewarding when you get it right.  Hopefully it will keep getting better with future dlc.The only thing I would like is more sounds for when selecting the controlled unit when for instance a  a sub so it feels like being underwater with dynamic and accurate (hearing the noise of the detected ships props etc - I reference the experience from sub command) passive and active radar sounds when you are engaged in conrolling it."
,Recommended,321410,34465434,Posted: 24 August,all,GeneralPotato,"I'm a reasonably smart guy and this game makes me feel like I'm dumb as dirt.  Learning curve is steep.  This is not a casual game like Fleet Command.  But if strategy games with very real parameters is your thing and you like granular control over sometimes hundreds of units, this is your huckleberry."
76561198120938193,Recommended,321410,20614242,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,sineapse,"This piece of software constantly astounds me. The first time I opened it up: I was not impressed. The graphics were dated.  The start menu was a popup, Windows dialogue style. However, once I started playing, I appreciated this simulator.You can model anything that involves aircraft and naval warfare. The databse is absolutely enormous and contains pretty much every parameter. The new update will factor in such things as *drag* on fuel burn for aircraft. More and more, I move away from the prebuilt scenarios to making my own. As an example, I set up a Russian strike in the 70s against the UK and modelled just how far away the Bears were detected coming over the horizon. Want to see how a Saudi Patriot air defense system fares against a Yemeni raid? You can do it all. The devs are committed, releasing regular updates and improvements.Yes, there is a steep learning curve. Yes, the graphics aren't that great. But I guarantee you will spend hours watching your screen with bated breath as you try and ease a submarine around a carrier group and watch your MIRVs launch and each warhead land in turn."
76561198071882400,Recommended,321410,25871032,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,rsist34,Very steep learning curve. Very satisfying  dropping a nuclear depth charge on a sub.
,Recommended,321410,13915187,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,__redruM,Great ultra-realistic RTS game.
76561198057296002,Recommended,321410,18637586,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ataka,the best simulator i have ever haddespite  lacking eye candy stuff like what you get in games like wargame u can still spend hours and hours without getting boredyet this simulator is for a very specific people
76561197970789401,Recommended,321410,32161031,Posted: 3 June,all,lamarax,"This piece of software right here is amazing, it's that good. There's a guy over there in Bermuda (can you believe it? - Bermuda of all places) who's threatening us, and I will say to him; don't threaten us, we 've got CMANO. He doesn't have it, we do. So he's gotta think -think hard- about tackling our advantage."
76561198036813934,Recommended,321410,16368917,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DrTom,"Built on the detailed database core of the old Harpoon series, this is certainly aimed at the serious gamer in modern warfare simulation.  As is true in modern warfare command, the game is experienced through detailed messages and digital map information provided by selected active and passive sensors.  Response, reaction, planning, and dealing with the ongoing fog of war make this real enough to be used by many current and retired professionals.  For those looking for high-quality graphics of actual combat, the Command: Modern Air / Navel Operations is certain to be a disappointment.  The real place the game is experienced is in the mind of the player.  And, like genuine warfare, it can unfold slowly and be tedious, only to suddenly hit the player with an unmanageable number of unexpected twists and turns.  Meticulously detailed to reflect actual tactical and platform abilities and limitations for warfare dating from the early 1950s into the near-future, the game includes numerous scenarios that can be played at a variety of realism levels.  Each can also be edited (allowing you to answer questions like, ""Say, what if we would have had a Aegis class back in the era of the Vietnam war?"").  The strength of this game is ""under the hood,"" is modeling aspects of real-world warfare as close as it can get without violating national security."
,Recommended,321410,32780037,Posted: 25 June,all,Nilop,"I thought it would be hard to figure all the controls and commands out, but it's actually not that bad.Also, you see all those popup boxes and clutter up in the screenshots? They're not actually bad. This sim is really fun and not all that hard to use/ get started with.The only issue that I have with this is that it's REALLY time consuming. Make sure you got time to spare before getting this."
76561198035442742,Recommended,321410,31824054,Posted: 18 May,all,Profit,"If you like that sort of thing, this game is it. If you don't, it is probably incomprehensible how someone can play a game of this complexity with so little in the form of art and other assets.Eagerly awaiting a multiplayer version!"
,Recommended,321410,22172260,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,jungle.james,"If you've ever wanted to fly Boeing YAL-1s over the South China Sea to intercept ascent phase ICBMs launched after you've fried Beijing with B-2s, this is your chance."
,Not Recommended,321410,30481736,Posted: 12 March,all,zerowise,"This software does not properly support resolutions above 1080p, and has DPI settings issues if your DPI is set to above 100%.The developers have known about this since at least June of 2016, and promised a fix then that has not materialized. They did post a work  around, and I guess that was good enough for them, but it means you as a user have to make their software work on your hardware - ridiculous, for something that sells for $80 without a sale. At that kind of premium price point I think it is fair to expect they will fix their known issues.While it is incredibly compelling and I have had my eye on it for a year or so now, shame on me for not ensuring that it would play nice with my 1440p monitor. If you use a 1080p or below screen, this is maybe the most thorough modern warfare combined arms simulator I have ever had the pleasure of playing. I do recommend it if you don't mind that the developers promise fixes they don't provide - but I personally, between my screen incompatibility and knowing the developers know this is an issue and apparently don't care am turned off. I don't know about you but I don't enjoy feeling like someone is trying to mislead me - and telling your customers you are going to fix something that you don't is a special kind of dishonest.I have no issue with the complexity, which I think other reviewers have overstated somewhat, but I've been playing old-school wargames for long enough that this isn't too hard to grasp. Even if you don't have any experience, the reviews saying you simplymustbe prior service or have extensive knowledge of the systems represented here are wrong. Anyone can learn this and enjoy it if they have an interest in it. You may need to watch some tutorials and it may take a few hours to understand the different doctrines behind various types of engagements, but the AI is quite capable. You can find videos of people winning scenarios and using as little manual control as possible - you just don't need to know to the functional ranges of the AIM-54 vs. the AIM-120 to get that they are missiles that you can use against air targets. You don't need to know the fuel consumption rate of an F-15C in full burn to know that you can use it to fight other planes. The game will tell you everything and anything you need to know about each unit and its constituent systems.Don't let the elitist chest-thumping scare you off.I would love to play this at a future date, should the developers ever bring it up to speed with modern hardware. Back to the watchlist it goes."
76561198025021408,Not Recommended,321410,31137930,Posted: 14 April,all,gilles,"I want to be able to recommend this game for its gameplay but can't because it is so buggy and its user experience is beyond awful.I love the concept. Command is a game that gives you:- Complex strategic pictures to play with (while you concentrate on supporting that Marines deployment in Tripoli, are you not forgetting the long-range aviation threat over Albania, or the Soviet naval group steaming past Crete?);- Lots of uncertainty that creates nail-biting action (there is nothing quite like the panic that comes from detecting a submarine already in torpedo range of your carrier group, or a stream of anti-ship missiles headed your way from a direction you were ""sure"" there were no enemy forces);- A real sense of achievement (OK, beating that final boss in that other game is rewarding, but nothing like saving Iceland from a Soviet invasion without losing any major ship).Command is not a beautiful game. It's basically coloured dots slowly moving across maps. As far as I'm concerned, that's how it should be; like chess. Other naval strategy games try to look nice, but fancy graphics only distract from the gameplay. So, kudos for that. Still, I would have liked the game to do some storytelling. For example, when you end a scenario, you're given a prompt: ""this scenario has concluded, you will be presented with an evaluation"". It's quite a let-down after a large battle. I understand it's supposed to be a simulation game, but I still feel it doesn't do justice to the sunken ships, thousands of people who lost their lives, perhaps the nations that rose or fell that day.However, the real issue with this game, and the reason why I can't recommend it, is its programming. It's ridiculously buggy. I don't finish most games because the non-stop stream of bugs and unexplained slowdowns and ""pauses"" frustrate me too much. It isn't helped by a user interface that's by far the worst of any program I own. Simple actions require dozens of clicks, everything is confusing, key information is hidden in remote menus, mission planning, which should limit the need for micro-management, ends up creating death-traps for beyond-stupid “AI” units... it's a joke. I wish the (obviously amateurish) developers would hire real software engineering and user experience experts to fix the game and give it its real potential."
76561198040124570,Recommended,321410,35146667,Posted: 23 September,all,panz3ru,"Good strategy game, maybe the best if you look for realistic simulations.However be prepared to invest some time in learning it."
,Recommended,321410,20720166,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,quru,"The more you play it, the more you'll come to like it. It's a great game/sim for those interested as to how x scenario may go down in the real world or for those who simply want to play a simulator involving air and naval combat from a commanders point of view. (Ground based combat is pretty crude and feels like its there just for the sake of been there)At first when you load up a scenario/mission, you'll just stuff around and work out how to do what and when and why. Maybe pop open your browser in the middle of it a couple of times and search the forums to figure some things out, but if you persist you'll find its an enjoyable experience even if your not heavily into simulators of this sort, simply due to the depth and vairability the same scenario can have even with slightest of vairations in your actions.1 scenario can play out 100 different ways. You can play it for an hour and only feel like 5 or 10 minutes have passed. If you want a game you can play when its raining outside and the internet is down (as is often the case for myself), or when you've simply got time to spare and want to play a game that is something different this will hit the spot.:)"
,Recommended,321410,21653943,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dark Templar,"Overall I reccomend the game.As a kid i grew up watching my old man play harpoon and this is very reminicsant of those times.However...Some finer tweaking of coding is required.Especially with Air to land attacks scenarios, numerous times air to ground bombs/missiles/bomblets etc will miss. So maybe out of 100 bombs you might hit with 30.Stand off mode does not function correctly, sometimes anti-radar missiles wont be fired until your already being attacked by vampire's etcOverall it is a good reproduction but I would like to see some finer tuning with the armaments coding and the rate to hit improved.Make it more realistic."
76561198288075212,Recommended,321410,33605714,Posted: 17 July,all,hopfrog78it,If you are looking for a military simulator this is THE military simulator.
,Recommended,321410,35288416,Posted: 29 September,all,idl0r,.
,Recommended,321410,27365878,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Janissary,"This title can be considered as a siumlation which will help you to learn the advanced combat, movement, electronics and operational limits of ships and aircraft with greatextend.Mostly I played this to learn modern radar operations, electronics warfare and similiar issues which are close to the real counterparts.I highly recommend this tile, if you wish to learn something and enjoy while doing it"
,Not Recommended,321410,20283846,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BlockChain ~~,"Many of the relevant functions of the game are good(database, weapons simulation and vehicle simulation). The UI has had many improvements over the past updates, many additional functions to AI behaviour have been added and some of the units in the database were corrected overtime. I still don't understand why the database is not editable and why the map hasn't been updated. There are many contradictions found in the developers claims about this title being utilized by the US government and other defense organizations but that's a matter to be discussed elsewhere. But as a user of this game, there just aren't enough improvements made.This game is too overrated for where it's at now."
76561197980718624,Recommended,321410,27871490,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SerJames,"Not for the faint hearted... But if you shared the same schoolboy facination that I did over tanks, Jet Fighters and Battleships.... on the GRANDEST scale.... Then this game is for you.Absolutely recommended... Must play the community built missions which are in my opinion better than the ones that come with the game.A serious time warper this one... 11/10"
76561197970485966,Recommended,321410,34674339,Posted: 1 September,all,Widowmaker,Great game if you have the patience and invest time in getting to really learn how to play it!!
76561198069375739,Recommended,321410,25118541,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SeverinaCro,This game - simulator is amazing and worth every euro... cheers !
76561197997126921,Recommended,321410,34093440,Posted: 7 August,all,beaupower32,"If you want detail war simulation, this game is it! Love the attention to detail. I highly recommend this game to anyone!"
,Recommended,321410,29318087,Posted: 17 January,all,Anticept,Good sim but you have to be willing to micromanage. The AI's decision making leaves a lot to be desired.
76561198045541377,Recommended,321410,12484090,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,AmericanGhost,I have played the game for a short period of time due to my busy life as a College student and part time worker. I will revise this review with more gameplay but so far I really like this game and its near real life level of realism. What the game lacks in fancy graphics is completely made up for in the attention to detail of the game mechanics and the vast catalogue of units in game. With the ability to download and fairly easily add community built scenarios to the steam version of the game it will be very diffcult for you to become bored. Overall I highly recommend you buy this game if your dedicated to hard core war gaming even with its high price.
76561197996140314,Recommended,321410,30522849,Posted: 15 March,all,Kof,"This is a really good game. Very like the old harpoon, which inspired Tom Clancy to write all of his big military block busters like ""The Hunt for Red October"", ""Red Storm Rising"", ""The Bear and the Dragon"" etc...Highly recommend it, with the following caveats:1 - Have to play it with the sound turned off, because the audio warning when a a new enemy missile is detected is so annoying, that there's simply no other option, other than not play the game. No audio affects my enjoyment of the game and you do miss some events as a result. Very annoying and totally unnecessary.2 - Selecting an airbase (so that you can give units based there orders can be challanging, if there are other facilities nearby (e.g. a radar installation or AA/SAM). So this is pretty common. You often have to zoom right in so that you can differenciate between them and select the damn airbase you want. Again, very annoying and totally unnecessary.I play the game despite the above. Just bought the campaign (Northern Inferno) when it was on offer. That's good too. Therre's loads of community scenarios out there too, so great value IMHO."
76561198085425229,Recommended,321410,23305571,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Aris,"I highly recommend this game for tactical players, actually is a command center of a battle group giving you the ability to control navy, air and submarine units the main drawback is the amount of info that you need to know in order to utilize the platforms and the weapons.With info i mean the historical use of the platforms and weapons plus the the way of how you implement defensive or offensive specific systemse.g. MIG29 have Helmet-mounted display so better use medium range  AMRAAM to avoid close combat"
76561197970439292,Recommended,321410,30545458,Posted: 16 March,all,Brewsir,"Like many here I thought that my experience with Harpoon would help with the learning curve.  It won't didn't doesn't.  That being said, so far I've fumbled my way through some pretty enjoyable gameplay.  My criticisms are just from the short time that I've played.  #1  Some of the settings have to be reset, every time you fire CMANO up.  That's just beyond ridiculous.  #2 There is ONE song (if you can call it that) that plays over, and over, and over........................  Now, I like the atmosphere that some good music can provide in games.  How you can charge $80 for a game, and not provide at least a short play list, is mind boggling.  Heck, you could probably find some players that would do it for free.  I would be surprised if any gamers have the music playing, unless they're mad, having been driven mad by the ""music"" in game.  #3  The interface is one of the most non-intuitive I've seen, and that's saying something.  #4  You can add custom map overlays and that's pretty cool, but, you have to re-enable every time you load the game.  #5  Sound effects are repetitive (just like the so-called music) and there really is no variety.  They're all annoying because there are so few.  None so bad as the gun fire and resulting ricochet, that would be funny, if it weren't so quickly annoying.  #6  A little too much micro-managing required.  Maybe there are some options I haven't discovered yet, but, it's pretty annoying.  It's difficult to discover everything that needs micromanaging, but, you know you've left something off the list, when you start getting messages about aircraft that are crashing because they've run out of F'ing fuel.  A certain amount of common sense autonomy from the AI would be a huge help.  #7  I know this game is all about the strategy/gameplay, but FFS, how bout throwing a graphical bone.  I know this isn't Harpoon, but, for instance when launching a cruise missile, Harpoon would pop up a little video showing the launch, and if it was at night, it would show a night launch.  You could have check boxes to enable/disable it, if it got annoying.  What I would like about it, is that I'd have a visual cue as to what was taking place, rather than having to read that fine print message screen that's scrolling by way too fast.  Yes, I know I could slow time down or pause, but, if I had the visual cue, I wouldn't have to.  #8  There are plenty of quircks and oddities that I will just have to get over, but, some more polish would be nice.I've been doggedly determined to not give up on CMANO, (took me about 2 days, just to get it to run) and to really try to learn it.  If you don't have the patience or the desire, then I wouldn't recommend CMANO.  If you liked Harpoon, you can find enjoyment with CMANO, but, you'll have to be willing to re-learn.  I got it on sale, and for $20 or $30, it's pretty nice, at $80?  I'm not sure I'd be real happy.  But, that's just my 2 cents.Edit:  UpdateJust wanted to add to my review after more time with it, and plenty of time to cool off after my struggles to get it running.  Addicting, is the word that comes to mind.  I've had a tough time over the last few years feeling like sticking with a game for a while.  Usually I play for a while, and let it go, because it just can't hold my attention.  I had been waiting for Hearts of Iron 4 to go on sale, and it did about a week after I got Command. (For which I had also been waiting on a sale)  Well, about 4 times now, I've opened up HOI thinking I'd give it a look.  That's all I've given it.  I open it, and think, ""this looks like a game, let me get back to reality"", and then I go back into Command.  I easily overcome my own gripes about CMANO, and let the hours go by.  Don't pay any attention to my hours played.  I ofen just leave it up in the background, and a couple of times overnight.The music thing is minor."
76561198053858707,Recommended,321410,16710652,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,johngault007,"First of all, if you are looking for an easy click and point warsim, this is not for you!  This game, with luck, takes many hours of playing, researching, and watching tutorials to get the hang of.  This isn't meant to scare off those that are interested in detailed strategic/tactical war simulators, but to simply save those who aren't into this type of gameplay the hefty pricetag.Due to the launcher being closed after startup, the gameplay time is a little off, but I have spent the past 3 days engulfed in a small fraction of what this game has to offer, and I can say I'm hooked on it!Pros:* Heavily involved and very detailed OOB for all platforms.* Very active and supportive development crew and player community.* Hours upon hours of endless gameplay.  (Even replaying scenarios will render different results every time)* Ability to micromanage or manage battlespace at a strategic (macro) level.Cons:* You forget about other hobbies and interest while plowing through hours of gameplay.* Price (but even after a few days, that doesn't seem to bother me anymore)"
,Recommended,321410,32848993,Posted: 27 June,all,angelosnau,This is a commercial simulator of modern air and naval operations. It is not a game. Recommended only to those who wish to simulate various air and naval operations at a strategic view scale.
76561198007573478,Recommended,321410,12741010,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Neveriene,"As an avid simulator fan and someone whom enjoys RTS and warefare strategy this game brings the next level of detail and  realism. The price point is high and you need to spend some time learning the units data and game mechanics but for a warefare simulation fan there is nothing out there like this game.P.S. this is not for your quick thrills COD fan, this game takes alot of time and patience."
,Recommended,321410,12371666,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,M.Moya,"This game might be a whooping 79.99, but it has a ton of attention to detail. Let me start off by saying, if you are a graphic crazy person, this is not the game for you. It is 2D as you can see by the screenshots provided. Nvevertheless, it contains a ton of units,which include naval,air,and (limited) land units. This is a SIMULATION game,not an arcade gamem, so don't texpect it to be an arcade type of game. I would try this game out if it's on sale for $60."
76561197970319302,Recommended,321410,12850256,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Reinetor,Very enjoyable with a great deal of potential. Check out the Baloogan youtube videos to get your bearings... But be ready for a slightly punishing learning curve. Definitely appreciate this as a Steam offering.  There will be a lot of moments where you will be slightly frustrated... I'm sticking with it.  Price point is a controversy but I can see this one having decent longevity.
76561198042087007,Recommended,321410,12667359,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Nassos,"Very addictive, very accurate, so far the best modern warfare strategy i have ever played"
76561198009808849,Recommended,321410,14203380,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,punkass,"Nice Game. Nice concept. Too bad I spent the eighty bucks they were asking only to find out this game is crash happy. I checked my system specs against 3 separate game recommendations from three different reviewers and I greatly exceeeded the minimum requirements, so, as they say, ""It ain't me"". Fix the ""out of memory"" bug guys. I'll recommemd this game, conditional that this annoying bug is fixed."
76561197966198890,Recommended,321410,31039313,Posted: 9 April,all,Dutchpower,"This game supplements my military porn needs quite nicely alongside Wargame. Pricing is a bit off. But it's on sale enough that you can just wait it out. Also, the game comes WITHOUT descriptive pictures. But you can easily download those off their page. I highly recommend them.The gameplay is strategy based. You usually start with a set of air and/or naval assets (sometimes also ground but I don't like those missions) with loadouts ready to tackle the mission objective. How you set your missions up is up to you. When you fail a mission it usually has a clear reason. Every mission can be treated like a puzzle and it feels really satisfying when you finaly solve the puzzle.The community packs are cool. The missions go from very easy and quick to very hard and long. The military jargon might also sneak up on you. But a few google searches here and there and you are good to go.My closing advice, try not to shoot nuclear torpedos at whales."
,Recommended,321410,12884382,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Ivorystate,"A naval and aerial warfare simulator without parallel, if you can get past the price."
,Recommended,321410,15632410,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Agent Mythril,"Effectively a spiritual successor to Larry Bond's Harpoon series.  Like its predecessor, graphics aren't much, but you really don't need fancy graphics for something like this (if you do want graphics similar to Jane's Fleet Command, Global Conflict Blue may be more up your alley).  Has LUA scripting support.  Word of warning though: If you don't enjoy staring at tons of unit/weapon tables, this is probably not the game for you.  As of the writing of this, while naval/air combat is simulated quite well, ground combat really isn't there quite yet.  Important to note that the devs constantly update this game.  Regarding the price:  I bought it for full price, I've personally gotten more than my money's worth from it, but considering it's a very niche game: if you don't KNOW you'll get your money's worth out of it, I would recommend you purchase it when it's on sale.  Last point: Be prepared to learn.  This is not an easy game that you can just pick up and play very successfully.A small note about the new ""Command LIVE scenarios"" DLC.  I personally like the concept of ripping stuff straight from the headlines to wargame.  Not everyone may be fond of this, however."
,Recommended,321410,19246760,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,AceOfSpadeszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz,A good simulator.
76561197987174692,Recommended,321410,30457028,Posted: 11 March,all,Nats,"I have been playing Command: Northern Inferno for a few weeks (30 hrs to date) and I only got this larger game to enable the 'Live' scenarios in my NI game really (because both games use the same program just with differnet missions enabled depending on which you buy) - although there are loads and loads of very nice community and standalone scenarios to try as well in this larger game.The Live scenarios are fantasy scenarios released regularly. They are based around current news stories - like the ongoing Chinese Spratly Isands, North Korea's nuclear missile testing, Ukraine, and the Syrian Conflict. I love this idea because it gives the game a current, up to the minute, real world sort of gameplay.This is a very addictive game where you have to make use of your assets like subs, ships and planes and employ them to suit the desired strategy and complete your objectives. It might be to get air superiority, or to remove all the SAMs and then strike a target, it might be to prevent enemy subs penetrating your area or even to attack or defend a whole country. The possibilities are endless. All the units are here from modern stuff all the way back to WW2.The GUI is a bit clunky, the map could do with mouse controlled panning, but once you get used to it there is some real fun to be had with this game. And although they are only icons on a map (you can add photos of the units as well) your imagination takes over and you really see those MIGs evading Lightnings or whatever.So I cant recommend it highly enough for people who love realistic warfare, tech heads and wargamers who want to play out a modern conflict like the Gulf War or the Falklands War."
76561197993784628,Recommended,321410,13975746,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,technobug,"I gave this a thumbs up despite a massive shortcoming.If you enjoy naval or air operations then this is the game for you.However, if like me you were looking for something along the lines of Hearts of Iron 3++ then this isn't the game for you.In ground operations terrain plays no part. There are no roads, there are no rivers and there are no cites as such. A T72 will roll across terrain that you know is marshland or mountains, it won't slow it down or effect it in any way. This game is expensive but also has a decent modding community.HOI3 lacked massively because you couldn't move your forces around very well, only from one region to the next, this game doesn't have that particular limitation but instead brings a dozen more.In HOI3 you can easily (ish) control entire army groups due to a proper structure system, in this you'll struggle to control a division sized force. The logistics system (for ground units anyway) sucks pretty badly.That said, it's still probably the best air and navy simulator on steam.  I'm a army person though and should have spent more time looking at reviews.9/10 for naval forces.8/10 for air forces.2/10 for ground forces.1/10 for the map and terrain when using ground forces."
,Not Recommended,321410,16586254,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ragnarocks,"Even though I am an ex-navy sailor that spend thousands of hours looking into radar screens and military systems, I just cant get exited about this game. Add some decent graphics, some 3D and an exiting campaign and you will probably get me hooked. Right now, not so much. Maybee its a lack of imatination, but icons moving around a map to poor music, just dosnt cut it in 2015."
76561198115996421,Recommended,321410,24298147,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ali.ismail.sc,This is one of the best if not the best air and naval simulation out there. Very challenging and rewarding to learn
,Recommended,321410,27766686,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,So much LAG,Unlimited potential and a ridiculous simulator. 10/10
,Recommended,321410,30939858,Posted: 4 April,all,əmmına soxtugum,Good sim wish It had faster UI.
76561198001696402,Recommended,321410,13741140,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,carljbewley,"It's really, really good. It's got enough stats to make the nerd in you smile contentedly and enough complexity for real Simmers to enjoy meddling until their hearts content - yet it remains totally accessible to plebs like me, who really would love to know how to play a game like this properly, but haven't the patience to learn it.Just a few re-runs of the tutorials, then dipping my toe in the Scenarios and I'm already comfortable enough to fly a sortie or two, travel undetected through enemy waters in a Sub or activate a Battle Fleet for full on Naval warfare. I've even been launching Tankers for refuelling and electronic surveillance planes for better Radar. That kind of logistical detail is the stuff I usually get lost with.The best thing about the game is once you know the interface and the main enablers to get your icons rolling into the sky or out into the sea, the AI does allow for micro managers to step in or out of the action. I'm not a great micro manager so I just oversee them (to make sure the odd unit doesn't go off on it's own doing something weird, which has happened occasionally - turns out that's my dodgy Doctrine settings!). But the beauty is, you can take control at any time if it's a part of the battle you want to get 'on the ground' with.I love this. The Database alone is worth the money if you like reading technical stats (which I do) but the gameplay, despite the standard UI's attempt to prove otherwise, is fully engaging and  absorbing. I hate losing planes or ships to enemy fire and when they go down, you feel it. There's a level and depth of realism you wouldn't expect from symbols on a chart.10/10 for me - specialist game for sure, but if you do like this kind of sim to begin with, then you'll want for nothing from this package."
76561198296568755,Recommended,321410,32104868,Posted: 1 June,all,issacs,a wonderful simulator which makes the war in my desktop and the parameters of the military estates are so real.
,Recommended,321410,34182840,Posted: 11 August,all,Air Knight,say yes to the dress
76561198018887358,Recommended,321410,34298219,Posted: 16 August,all,HehBoi,"Great wargaming simulator for armchair air force generals and admiralsBasically, you can design any mission you want in a sandboxy google earth-like mapYou can take command of every ship, aircraft, military installation and land unit you spawn (land units are not very optimized, as this game has a naval-air focus).The unit list is almost encyclopedic as the naval-air and often land forces of almost every country since the 1950s are available to command. This includes destroyers, jet fighters, ground attack aircraft, nuclear capable bombers such as the B-52, tanks, foot infantry and SAM sitesYou can equip all units with additional weapons, sensors and munitions for the missions you want to send them on.Need to take out a tank formation but only got MiG-23s?No problem, just have compatible air-ground missiles back at it's airbase and it'll be ready to take out those pesky tanks after it's done re-armimg!Really recommend this game for strategy gamers that love attention to detail and a keen imagination"
76561198075889273,Recommended,321410,23511928,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,II./JG1_Somnus,"A game so good that I bought it after... aquiring it by other means first.If you have any interest in ""big picture"" operations where you would like to control the flow of the whole battlefield rather than one or a handful of units, then this game is for you.Don't let the graphics fool you, there is so much going on under the hood of this game that if it had fancy 3D graphics, no computer would be able to run it. It is incredibly realistic, incredibly complex, and if those two descriptions don't scare you, then do yourself a favor and give it a try!"
,Recommended,321410,29730712,Posted: 5 February,all,A Perfect Urkel,"Groggy as hell, pausable real time, modern Harpoon."
76561198232847612,Not Recommended,321410,29163240,Posted: 10 January,all,eqnxfi,"The simulator core itself is professional level and excellent, but beware: the graphical user interface is made for obsolete low resolution displays only and does not work correcly with up-to-date high resolution displays. Also zooming and panning the map is very sluggish. So far none of the updates have fixed the scaling problems. The whole graphical user interface should be completely rewritten. As long as the amateurish GUI fails, I can't recommend this. Too bad as I'd be willing to pay much higher price IF the user experience were as good as the simulator itself.Developers: At least make a native OS X/macOS version for Retina displays..."
76561197990070543,Recommended,321410,33174934,Posted: 3 July,all,sharpy,"I was looking for a Harpoon type game and this looks like it. I was very excited while installing it but when i tried to play it the UI & text was so small it was very difficult. There is now a fix for this.Thanks to EvidencePlz for this advice.""Shut down CMANO, and then apply the registry edit fromhttp://www.matrixgames.com/forums/tm.asp?m=4190908. if that didn't work, shut down cmano and simply change your monitor's resolution to 1920X1080, and set the DPI at 100 percent. now you must log out of windows. i suggest you do a full restart. next time when you log back in or restart your PC, start CMANO and this issue will be fixed.""Ok so i repurchased and all working fine with the fix thanks again EvidencePlz"
76561198015573561,Recommended,321410,23010842,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,MorningGhost,"Early initial impressions from mainly doing the aircraft scenarios. There is a lot of detail in the game and the AI seems to work well. Although if you make a mistake in setting up your missions there is no assistance and so at first it can be a little frustrating working out why your missions don't go to plan. For example if you setup a plane formation and your allocated  group of planes does not have enough planes the AI will just leave some of your aircraft floundering. I think in that respect the interface could be improved in letting the player know where there is an issue. I believe the simulation is under constant development. There are different layers of settings or so called doctrines to control your own sides AI and that can get complicated. On first look the simulation looks very basic, no next gen 3D graphics here, and it is although it uses detailed world wide terrain maps. Note a fast CPU will help since I understand the AI decision making is detailed and so I expect a lot of units could slow down the game. I've not had any issues here but I've  only been playing relatively small scenarios. The instructions are basic and so the best way to learn how to play is to see people playing it and Bunyap sims has a nice set of Youtube videos. Baloogan also champions the sim and has his own supporting web site on the military database the simulation uses. The database is very detailed and the AI uses the info it contains for its decision making. You have to import most of the database images from a fan site due to copyright issues. There are a lot of scenarious included to play through although you can design your own scenarious.  Its a shame the developers couldn't reduce the retail price so people sitiing on the fence would buy it. I bought mine in a recent Steam sale.  If you are interested in military hardware and strategy from after WWII to the present you will like this game/simulation."
,Recommended,321410,23815563,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nikolai Ezhov,10/10 for Modern Military Equipment Encycopedia.
,Recommended,321410,32947394,Posted: 28 June,all,Psyckiller,"Not one to review a tutorial, but I have never been so excited watching a circle for 16 minutes..played the air missions tutorial 5 times trying to get a grip on what I was doing,when it clicks it's great..submarine tutorial next..."
76561198050260304,Not Recommended,321410,30624384,Posted: 19 March,all,Blue_Bug,"For an expensive game as this, you expext it to be flawless. The game isn't. Spend many hours developing an scenario , at one point I got an error and everything was just for nothing.I will not play it again, was just a waste of a lot of money."
,Not Recommended,321410,16350396,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Diire,"Technically is amazing, the asset list and detailing is a work of art - but the gameplay is so sterile, basically a wall of text and idiot AI. Perhaps for £15 it might amuse, for £30 no chance and for £60 you'd need to be a hardcore sim nut."
76561198021103491,Recommended,321410,30610046,Posted: 19 March,all,DedAnt,"As a long time Harpoon player, I'm glad that i finally picked up this worthy successor. Highly technical, but still very manageable for a quick game. The community support is great, i love the use created scenarios. I highly recommend this title."
76561198163275618,Recommended,321410,30522587,Posted: 15 March,all,GR_Tiger,"great game, variaty of tactics. It doesnt annoying me that is only 2D but it could implement 3D small objects.I suggest this game."
76561198012174092,Recommended,321410,18632614,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Aresen,"after your update, I can't enter my game and it just told to me that I have no license. I cant open your customer service page from steam to report so I leave a messege here. please fix it quickly.update:Thanks for your reply :)problem solved!I love this brain-burning game!"
76561198006988141,Recommended,321410,23030768,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ost Vind,The difficulty and learning curve is terrifying....but SO MUCH FUN!
76561197985210824,Not Recommended,321410,31739699,Posted: 13 May,all,apudzuf,"Would love to recommend this game. If it were less than $45, I would. The developers clearly put a lot of work into ensuring the subject matter is detailed and accurate. They put less work in the design of the user interface and game engine. What we have then is the best commercially-available game database that you can find, housed in a terribly designed user interface and painfully laggy simulation. The developers need to get more experience in game design or need to hire additional developers with more expertise in this area. If they did so, CMANO would totally be worth the premium price they're asking for."
76561198025394635,Recommended,321410,12270348,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Really fun for those who understands and like military realism.But beware, the game is focused on air and naval forces, so if you like ground troops, consider yourself warned.Strongly recommended if you like aerial and naval tactics ( the game doesn't bring ground forces for detailed operations. ) ."
,Recommended,321410,24169644,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,flarg,It's a lot like a top down counter strike
76561198046275206,Recommended,321410,30459358,Posted: 11 March,all,Omar,"Loved Harpoon, however it seems much of what it says below in the ""about this game"" are not scenarios you can play unless you make them yourself.They are certainly not on my scenario play list.This is my only critisism."
76561198026940760,Recommended,321410,29265570,Posted: 14 January,all,SEEK,prebby gud gamerequires a reasonable autism level though. helps if you have a little foreknowledge of the subject.not for the faint of heart
76561198054034232,Recommended,321410,12532511,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,baxleynative,I cant get the game to work properly. Ive tried it on my windows and mac. Both studder and freeze off and on with poor frame rate.
,Not Recommended,321410,30545137,Posted: 16 March,all,Freight_Train,"Been a gamer my whole life, and as a military veteran, I enjoy mil sims quite a bit when done with detail. I went into this with some excitement, ready to dig in and make this a 'Study Sim' similar to how much I enjoy DCS World for its complexity.Honest review:Fairly disappointed. The complexity seems to be mostly found in the difficulty of managing the very awkward text based interface(the display screens look more like raw database output than anything you would see in a military scenario), instead of a realitic or immersive form of complexity. And then the rest - parts where I expected more content - just seem shallow, not complex, and even money-grabbing, to be honest.As a fan of Dangerous Waters and other strategic milsims of that top-down type, I thought this was more of the same, with many more units. On paper, that is what this looks like. The Steam store page makes it look like that.In reality, this is pretty much LESS of the same, so to speak. I am trying to play this more - maybe they really hid the features I am missing here?, but its really not holding my interest and it feels like work, it is not engrossing.Compared to Dangerous Waters, this is like that, but then start removing things. There is no sitting at the stations to man them yourself, hear what they hear, take sensors through their logical functions, find that submarine YOURSELF, all the FUN, ENGROSSING PARTS. None of that. There is the same sensor(as a game object, but not literally seen or operated), and some dude says he found the sub and you choose to attack it, but all that is text on the screen feedback or at best, new icons or circles on the map. Nothing tangible to dig into.Compared to Dangerous Waters, this is like that, but then take away the 3D view. They did not model the equipment in any way I can find. Those icons on the map are all you get. I know DW didnt have great graphics or animations or effects, but the effort made to let me SEE what I am doing makes a difference in situational awareness.The supposed upside of this would be that it has SO MANY MORE MODELS than DW, and it does. That falls apart very quickly though, when you realize that means MORE LINES IN A DATABASE, and not much else. No equipment to operate in any tangible way, no manual tasks to do in a realistic way simulating how it works in real life at all, nothing. Just more text than the other guy. That rings VERY holllow to me.When you take away the skill-based ability to see, operate, and successfully use a simulation of the equipment, what you are left with is a 'Simulator' - where the AI does most of the work , everything is too automatic and simple, and the map and text are very hollow and seem a lot more like an alpha prototype engine for a future simulator, than a functional simulator realized.Last but certainly not least, there is price. I am a 'Binford model' guy, and if you don't get the reference I mean, I buy the best one, every time. I want something that will last and has a solid warranty behind it. I will always pay more for quality. But I do that not because my money means nothing, I do that because I am looking for QUALITY. And the price of this is BAD. Far beyond BAD. When you have some simple icons, text menus and a database of theoretical specs for lots of equipment, there is really only so much work you did in making your game. Thats just the reality of it. Eighty Bucks is a joke . I got this for Twenty Five on sale and man, I wouldn't do THAT again. I really don't feel like even hardcore milsim folks would find this a good deal at Eighty. no way.But it gets worse - this game is LONG on DLC and not afraid to push it. The first 21 maps you can load in SP are all DLC bait. Each prompts you to make an additional purchase of twenty or more to add to your eighty you already, honestly.... wasted on this database dump of a 'mil sim'. I can't honestly use that term to describe this, because its got lots of Mil but they didnt really try to Sim any of it.Lesson learned on this one - its too late for me to return it. But the lesson would be: mil-sim realism doesn't mean much if its at the cost of pretty much all other features like ACTUAL simulation of equipment or letting me visually see the toys I am putting into use.Highly un-recommend this. No idea what they had in mind, but it feels like they missed their mark wide left, or maybe they just know they are fleecing people for way more than the game deserves. That last part might be more likely than you think: I get the impression this above AAA price is an attempt to fund turning this prototype database modeler/engine into an ACTUAL GAME in Command 2 when it comes out."
,Not Recommended,321410,29025471,Posted: 4 January,all,Viper,This game is incredibly glitchy. UI needs serious work for $79.
76561198026546547,Recommended,321410,28586485,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,KUK KILLA,Now THIS is autism.
,Not Recommended,321410,31948956,Posted: 25 May,all,Darkplayer38,"Rather displeased with this software.I've put about 30ish hours into this program, I enjoyed for the most part I really felt it needed some fine tuning it didn't run the greatest. It had a few problems that I could see, I stopped playing it for a while, hoping updates would come out and now ontop of the $80 price point there are updates being release for the game as long as you have the two $20 ""bundles"". I feel for something that had a price point of $80 that I tacked with buying in the first place I see this as a slap in the face.In my opinion that kind of disappoints me and If I could I would ask for a refund (which I can't because idling on the launcher counts for time inside the simulator without even using the simulator), doubtful I will continue being a costumer.Pros:Incredible amount of detailMultiple scenarios to play and replayReparability is very highA very high fidelity arm chair admiral simulationCons:Price Point $80 (Plus two bundles for $20 each)The game ran iffy at best (i7-3930k, 32gb Ram, SSD, GTX980)Being in the launcher counts as time played (You could play the game close the simulation and the launcher automatically comes up and you can easily spend a night idling inside of it)"
76561198009960007,Recommended,321410,29632605,Posted: 1 February,all,Fodder123,This is a very positive action sim. Give it a try
76561198006081848,Not Recommended,321410,21658813,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Adam Westwood,"I purchased this game and played just one Tutorial. At first I thought it was going to be an interesting and fun game, similar to Jane's Fleet Command I played in the early 2000's, but it was a well in depth game and for the price tag I decided to get a refund as it would only be sitting in my game libary. It is not like Jane's Fleet Command at all :-("
76561198062967988,Not Recommended,321410,31738724,Posted: 13 May,all,mp2,"I was hoping for at least the things you could do in harpoon but no it locked up 4 times during the first tutorial senario already, also the game doesnt look as advertised , you have to dl a picture lib from another site and if you install the pictures in the empty folders they even dont show up in game ? After 2 hours of trying to get this piece off trash to work I demand a refund.  I hope gog will release a working and hd version of the old amiga version of HARPOON it was way better then this version. And then selling this at 60 dollars man these guys at slitherine are insane."
,Not Recommended,321410,33296390,Posted: 5 July,all,the_eng,It's not a game. It's just a scripted database. Runs poorly.
,Not Recommended,321410,28728465,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,zephyrs,I found this game amazingly complicated with little to no assistance from the tutorial. I've played all the Janes simulations  from the 90's with no problems as well as Harpoon. I was over my head right off the start.
76561197986331836,Not Recommended,321410,26419808,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CharlieChap,(redacted)not to my taste
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,321410,29184204,Posted: 11 January,all,Massiv Igel,"Bad performance, UI not so good."
76561197968626969,Not Recommended,321410,31232119,Posted: 18 April,all,Freshkosose,These POS a holes ripped me off at the tune of $80 only to get into the game and find that any current content is an add-on that costs another $20? Who the eff do these monkeydouches think they are? Because they typed a lot of words they get $100 for a game that looks like it was made on a Commodore 64 and played on a Commodore 64?Guess what? I've had Steam ever since its launch and I have NEVER asked for a refund on a game. Until now. These devs can rot in whatever hell they're from.
76561198054366024,Not Recommended,321410,26927634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ascendant,"This over-priced piece of software is misplaced in the games category here on Steam.If you would put about 100 variables in an Excel sheet and make them interact with each other, you would get the same slow performing abomination as this.Horrible to say, I find no joy in having spent so much on something that was so distasteful, like a culinary expert accidentally stumbling upon a fast-food restaurant where they spit on your fries and burger.I thought that within this software, I would have the ability to customize everything - including the creation of my own vehicles, this alas cannot be done.The most unfortunate thing is that I bought this game before the steam refunds were introduced, as I would gladly receive my money back for a product I used for 0.6 hours in total. I might alter this review after having met success with support regarding my experience."
76561197970271981,Not Recommended,321410,29272261,Posted: 15 January,all,.baron.,erm...... dont know how to play it no tutorial
76561197999464664,Not Recommended,321410,30273097,Posted: 1 March,all,Kardek,"Love harpoon, loved this game while I could play it well. Short version is 4k support isnt there. Choice to either downgrade to 1080 or play with a broken UI. Would recommend when resolved."
76561197993581841,Not Recommended,321410,12275734,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,neilpres,harpoon was better
