user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,321870,12589522,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Chudah,"For a one man team, Silence of the Sleep is a huge accomplishment, and I give full credit to Jesse Makkonen for creating something as big and intricate as this by himself, but that doesn't erase its many flaws.  There are plenty of good ideas here that feel held back by questionable design decisions and a somewhat unfocused vision. Perhaps my expectations were too high going in, but I feel like it could have been so much more than it is.On the surface, this is a brutally hard adventure game.  The puzzles can at times be obtuse with clues that in some cases are so incredibly vague one wonders how the developer expected the player to reach the solution at all.  The design is very reminiscent of early adventure games where hand holding was certainly not the norm and the player had to put a lot of thought into things.  As such, there is a great sense of accomplishment when you've figured out that particularly puzzling obstacle.  The problem comes in with the survival horror elements, however.  Make no mistake, Silence of the Sleep is as much a survival horror game as it is adventure.  Death comes early and often, but a bit too often in my opinion.  Something that a lot of developers fail to grasp is that while death is indeed scary, frequent death is not and only leads to frustration and a break in immersion. This is where I feel the game began to lose me.Chapter 2 started off great, but by the end I wanted to crack my keyboard in half.  Not only are you dealing with some  pretty difficult puzzles, but you're continually interrupted from your train of thought by monsters that randomly appear, chasing you into hiding to wait them out lest you end up splattered on the wall.  Don't get me wrong, I have no problem with difficulty in games, but it's a fine line to walk, especially when you're asking not only for difficulty in thought but also in mechanics at the same time.  If you're giving me a puzzle to solve, give me the time to solve it, forcing me to flee and continually reset my thought process is not fun or scary, it's  rage inducing.Things manage to ease up once you move past that particular area, but then we go from extreme frustration to extreme boredom in Chapter 3.  Just when you feel like you're finally getting somewhere with the story, things slow to a crawl and you're forced through mundane tasks for far too long before the action picks up again. I understand that Makkonen was steering the narrative in a particular direction, but the pacing is uneven and thematic tone all over the place.  I can't help but feel that the game would have been more effective as either an old school adventure with crazy difficult puzzles or straight survival horror with a bit more mechanical complexity.  Juxtaposing the two genres reveals the flaws in both while at the same time stifling the narrative flow.All of that said, the presentation is phenomenal. There is plenty to admire from the unique puzzles to the interesting mini-games that are sprinkled throughout, most of which are stylistically implemented.  And then there are segments that pull you out of the standard gameplay and have you crawling through drain pipes or slowly shambling down a hallway that gets darker and darker with the disgusting and disturbing sounds eventually drowning everything out.  These segments are excellent at conveying a sense of foreboding and claustrophobia.The atmosphere is artfully crafted with sound design that brings this horrific world to life.  Some of the audio distortions were extremely disturbing in an almost hypnotic way; there's nothing freakier than hearing a baby's cry morph into almost inhuman moans...creepy stuff.  But above all, the artwork.  My God, this is a beautiful game in the  grittiest, ugliest sense of the word.  Jesse Makkonen designed everything himself from the ground up, and that should be commended.  His eye for interesting and emotive imagery is spectacular with some of the most artistic graphical design I've seen in an indie title.The story is also fairly good and doesn't quite go in the direction one might expect.  Although the end felt a little rushed and some elements seem to come out of left field, it gives you plenty to think about and possibly a reason to play through it again as there are clues spread throughout that will help further puzzle together what really happened.And that's where I think I'm the most disappointed.  Silence of the Sleep is a horror game that tells an interesting story in a unique and creative way, yet its deficiencies prevent its massive potential from ever fully realizing.  And that is why I must ultimately give it a lower score despite really wanting to support this developer.    I would recommend the game to those who are interested in an difficult experience, but if you're looking for the next great horror story along the lines of Silent Hill or even The Cat Lady, unfortunately, Silence of the Sleep is not it.  Given more time and perhaps another try at the genre, however, I believe Jesse Makkonen may yet get there.Bottom Line 5/10"
76561198007688772,Not Recommended,321870,15427248,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Aargh,"Chapter 1 is actually pretty good. The atmosphere and the environment is nice and it promises a decent horror adventure game. Just the controls are really clumsy, for some reason you can't turn 180° when facing the wall, you first need to turn left or right. Also the hero can run only for about 3 seconds before getting tired.Starting with Chapter 2 you get randomly attacked by monsters insta-killing you on touch, often giving you little chance to avoid them. Yeah I know you can learn their paths and how to avoid them, but at the same time you are supposed to find your way in a labyrinth of same-looking rooms, find hidden items and solve complicated cryptic illogical puzzles. Even after an hour of playing when I knew the level pretty well, I still got regularly killed resetting my progress to the only savepoint in the level. Also it forces you to spend a lot of time just waiting for the monster to finally go away (over and over and over again). This is not scary at all, it's just annoying, frustrating and boring.Chapter 3 is completely different but not better. The monsters are gone but so is the atmosphere. This chapter consists of a bunch of dumb fetch quests (find a lost bunny, get a toilet paper, ask everyone some question, ...) and running around trying to find out what the game wants you to do next.Chapter 4 and the monsters are back. This time it's actually a bit better. There are two savepoints in the level, plenty of places to hide and a MAP! Finally! I realized why I had liked Amnesia so much. Unlike this game Amnesia didn't throw a monster on you every 30 seconds and it didn't kill you every 2 minutes.Chapter 5. This one consists of a ton of cutscenes (this game has more endings than The Lord of the Rings trilogy) and pointless ""walk right"" sections. The biggest problem is that there is no savepoint and the cut-scenes and dialogues are not skippable! On my first playthrough the game crashed after a few minutes, returning me back to the end of Chapter 4. So after restart I had to watch the cutscenes and click through the dialogues again. Then I got to a level so dark I could barely see anything. I heard a telephone ringing but couldn't see it so I continued walking right and suddenly I got instantly killed by a monster. Back to chapter 4!! The third time I didn't miss the telephone booth but the game crashed again. BACK TO CHAPTER 4!!! Finally I was able to finish this damn game. The ending was... ok, I guess. Not very surprising, I expected something like that, but it could have been worse.Overall: Not many games were able to make me scream on the screen like crazy. Silence of the Sleep did it several times. Both thumbs down."
76561198129236672,Recommended,321870,19971734,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Marcinos1985,"Creepy...I really enjoyed this game. Atmosphere is creepy and tense, even when everything seems to be quiet for a while. Silent Hill inspirations are quite heavy in my opinion. Quick summary of its pros and cons:Advantages:Grim, heavy climax,Nice tempo swings - pace of the game changes rapidly and at unexpected moments,Plot is complex and unclear up to the very end (though it may be disadvantage for some),Sneaking mechanics are quite interesting, with all this hiding and hearing.Art!Disadvantages:Controls are choppy, which can be frustrating when running away from monsters,Horrors are scary, but you bump into them just too often, and quickly they become a nuissance,Story is in my opinion a bit 'overcomplicated'.While these minuses may appear to be quite irritating, Silence of the Sleep is one of the best indie horror adventure games out there. Definetely worth to try out."
,Recommended,321870,16006955,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Roulette,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sg60Yimdg4cSilence of the Sleep is incredibly immersive. It's moody art style and tense nature makes you pay attention to the details you might otherwise run past in other games. Add in Monsters you can do nothing but hide from and puzzles to keep you not only thinking but striving to accomplish before the badies can reach the character, and you have a recipe for a psychological horror that will have you whimpering and begging the game to let your proceed out of terror :PCons:- Controls feel sluggish and awkward at times, but this can add to the tension.- There is one resolution and ""fullscreen"" which isn't fullscreen (At least for me it wasn't) causing it to have awkward large black box around the game play.Will update further as I progress."
,Recommended,321870,13669184,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,NecrolyteSoul,"I was not eager at first to play this game due to the art style and graphics being simple and the gameplay 2-D, but it looked creepy and very different from what I have seen or played and gave it a shot. This is one of the best games I played in a while (in my opinion) and I really enjoyed it. The puzzles did not stand out and you really had to think of the next course of action and not just have it handed to you. The characters are actually really well-defined and interesting. I highly recommend this game now for it's unique art style and it's well done 2-D gameplay. Even if this is not you're type of game, if you like horror,paranormal, mystery games (or a mix of all three) with logical or realistic (as you can get) puzzles, then give this game a shot.The cons: The ending was not predictable for me, nor was the ending expected, even though throughout the game there were subtle clues here and there, but it was dissapointing as the catalyst was something very common compared to the game's not-so-simple horroresque atmosphere.Why? (SPOILERS)When I finished the game, I learned the catalist for this freaky 'Twin peaks meets House on haunted hill-esque' horror game was all because ofbaby. -_- really? The character's story in the game was that the loss of his baby drove him to drink and drive, thus ending up in a head-on collision killing a family with a baby, so it one baby's death wasn't enough, we got another one for ya! He feels horrible and then jumps off a cliff to wind up in a so-called limbo, where she encountered the woman suffering over the loss of her baby.Oh, baby baby...But wait, there's more: the character as well as myself leaned that he was not responsible for her or her baby's death (nor his baby's, apparently) and that he is forgiven and she and her baby were murdered by her husband who walked away from the car accident apparently and so he is saved from his jump to wake up alive and well in the hospital.I undertsand that a baby's death can be traumatizing, but so can the death of a person without a baby. Just the death a single person or the actions of one lone person can be enough to drive said person to enter a world of immense insanity, hell and pain. Just saying.NOTE: This is my personal opinion and thoughts of the game, not an overall view if the game for general audience. As with many reviews and opinions, take this with a grain of salt and do your own research."
76561198035366155,Recommended,321870,26640378,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ScorpionWasp,"You know, sometimes I wish Steam would allow neutral reviews in addition to positive or negative, because that's what I wanted to give Silence of the Sleep.On the one hand, the game is thoroughly entertaining 90% of the way through, with an intriguing plot, terrific atmosphere, and the horror element nailed through and through.Then there's the conclusion... it's like the author just didn't know what to do with the story at that point. I won't, of course, spoil anything, so you'll have to make do with this vague description, but I found it thoroughly unsatisfying, with greatly implausible last minute elements introduced almost out of thin air.So there you have it; I'm pretty ambivalent about this game."
,Recommended,321870,12630753,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Bubba,"(I made this review when i only played 10 minutes but i have played full game on another computer so dont pay attention to the hours played.)What makes the game unique is how the game is a combination of a side scroller, horror, and one of the most astounding story lines I have ever experienced and I really feel like I connect with the characters. What I really noticed was not only the obvious silhouettes of all the people you come in contact with or the simple side scroll mechanics but also the very simple features that most people might let slip over their head like it is nothing special for example:No voice acting.No emotions of the characters in the dialogue boxes.Soundtrack.Slow paced menu opening.Slow paced transitions.Cut Scenes.To me, these features are what really struck me even emotionally to further emphasize Jacob's life and adventures. The fact that no voice acting or facial expressions are used are a BIG plus to me because like many of Mark Twain's books, you have the freedom to create and guess what each characters facial expressions and emotions are only based on stance or previous events.The detail and atmosphere of surrounding areas really shows and expresses what jacob is feeling and what his situation is. It makes it seem like Jacob and the walls are talking to me, telling me what I must do and what I need to accomplish to find the truth.The slow paced menu opening and game transitions make overall gameplay really slow and virtually never rushed making the player take their time to explore and gather their own thoughts on the situation and Jacob's situation.Lastly the cut scenes can be quite sudden emphasizing what Jacob has gone through or has experienced in his past life.The only downside is that sometimes the keyboard keys are unresponsive causing my head to be ripped of by a monster.Aside from all of these GREAT qualities, my favorite feature was the story and the way it was presented.The story line is without a doubt....the best story line i have EVER experienced in this genre of game. The fact that the beginning is representing the ""beginning of the end"" and you are playing through his supposed afterlife with other ""ghosts"" or apparitions was a GREAT way to fold out the story line and develop it. With a storyline as fluent and complex as it was, I could only IMAGINE how it must of been organized to properly tell and present the story and situations of Jacob. Just figuring out what order the story should go in would have made me have a mental break down. Overall, I think making the storyline not take the chronological order route made it more mysterious and relatable and was the correct choice to make.Before I end my review, (I don't know if he will read it but..) Jesse Makkonen.... GREAT JOB DUDE!! For a one man game i am astounded and i hope to see you continue your passion and your dream and make more indulging games. This might sound weird and creepy but for some reason...i get the feeling that Jacob represents you in some way and you use the game to express yourself but even if you didn't, GREAT JOB MAN! The game was really indulging and emotional for me and i hope to see you express your talent to more people in the future! Cheers!"
,Not Recommended,321870,25519882,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Shyhalu,"I didn't make it past chapter two before I wanted to come over here and rage.The atmosphere is great, the story is decent, even the silhouettes are done well....but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥are the controls clunky and the monsters annoying.Chapter 1 was alright, excellent with the creepiness (The slamming the door until the last possible second was lame as hell) and the monster introduction was decent...but once you hit chapter two you get interrupted every 5 seconds to try and solve either painfully easy puzzles or extremely obtuse ones.The bathroom puzzle in C1 was easy, but irritating and tedious to do.The key puzzle in C2 was understandable....but fragments are not clearly defined and you end up brute forcing it anyway even if you understand what that picture is telling you.Please, before you decide to make a horror game....play a bunch of the top tier ones that are highly rated and widely accepted as excellent horror games.Game had a lot of potential, but was just aggrivating and annoying during chapter 2 by the monster harassing you nonstop."
76561198086404682,Recommended,321870,12321908,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Esperware,"Let me just say it like this - SotS is different. Once I got the mechanics down and became comfortable with the controls, I could really let myself sink into the game.Chapter Two is where it really starts to pick up. The enemy is really in this place in Chapter Two, hunting you down.Give yourself a bit to sink into the game, really learn its ins and outs, and once you do - it gets incredibly fun. Not to mention, it is actually pretty unnerving in the best kind of way."
,Recommended,321870,12444497,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Casta,"Please... Forgive me.These are the opening words of the protagonist (or unorthodox anti-hero) Jacob B. Reeves as he stands in front of the choice whether to plummet into the abyss beneath or not, with the choice already chosen for you.Graphics/art style - 10/10During that short scene and every subsequent scene thereafter, you'll notice a unique style to the game, artisticly for one, that immediatly catches your eye. Jacob has a face when dialog is presented, but at all other times, he is a pitch black silhouette shape of a man, which begs for interpretation throughout the entire game. Beatifully crafted envoirnments and characters (monsters, eeeeh) separates this game from alot of others titles flooding the marked.Gameplay - 8/10Moving through the, presumably, personal hell of Jacobs own making, alot of things are thrown at you and sometimes, mostly, thinking on your feet (fingers?) will get you through it. Some things take trial and error until you go ""Aaaah, DOH!"" and then there's the frustration inducing ""DOH! AAAARH!""Then there are some puzzles/actions required, that gives no explanation when it is most needed. The first 4-5 instructions are short, informative and precise but it kind of falters after that. Spending 20 minutes rotating a bobby pin lockpick, having no clue what cues to go after, walking around a cottage for just below 1 hour confused because I decided to take a break, return to the game and having NO idea what to do, so a little (Hate myself for suggesting it) 'objective' reminder would have been alot of help and basic instructions in some places.Soundtrack 7/10I love a good soundtrack, but trying to remember some of the music, I honestly draw a blank. I remember thinking ""Stellar soundtrack!"" during different points of the game, but games like Bastion, Hotline Miami, Super Meat Boy are lightyears ahead of tailoring music to the game, but that is okay! Making a memorable OST would be a nightmare for the general person, me especially, because where would you start?! So considering what limitations there is, the OST for Silence of the Sleep is good as it is experienced ingame.Overall - 9/10Jesse Makonnen -the games creator- and all who helped him out in his 1½ year stretch to finish this game did a FANTASTIC job! With an ending that draws from suprising parts of your journey, to disturbing SUDDEN moments that make you wretch, this is a game every fan of a good story and horror should not miss, especially with a 15$ / 15€ pricetag for hours of gameplay, despite a few pacing problems!SITENOTE---The game bugged out in chapter 3, where it is suppose to initiate a cutscene. After specific dialog happens, you are put outside the room you were in without warning; deceptivly unlucky that is does so without hiccups, so when you were about to progress it brainfarted maximum and had me walking around for 2 hours before resetting and moving on ingame, just a heads up---"
76561198170045799,Not Recommended,321870,20607220,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Christovovap,"I was quite disappointed by this game. I assumed that this is kind of psychological horror so I bought it when it was hugely discounted. Thank god. The beginning was interesting and catchy, but after approximately 30 minutes the game turns into annoying survival action 2D game with a lot of dying. I hoped that this will be only smaller part of game, but when this continued without a break, I deleted the game. This is definitely not my cup of tea. If you like survival games with a lot of dying and startling, maybe you will enjoy it, if you like horror adventures with strong story part and are annoyed by action parts (me) you will be really disappointed."
76561198121828178,Recommended,321870,12987327,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,markus_schmidt,"Big Game with some little flaws.On the pro side you have a great art style, a ""every day life"" motivated story with some supernatural elements, some really good ""♥♥♥♥ no"" moments you may already know from ""The Cat Lady"" and a very intense atmosphere, Btw:I don't understand why so much reviewers bother about the missing voice acting. I didn't needed it at all and I thought it just perfectly matched the setting of the game.On the contra side I have to criticize the monster mechanic. Maybe I'm just too impatient but sometimes waiting for the tencacleguy to go away was just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for me. Furthermore the savepoints are realy hard too spot. I had to replay some longer passages simply because I oversaw them a few times. Only one saveslot for the whole game is also an unnecessary restriction in my mind.That said I realy recommend this game to everyone who is interested in a horror game which lives more from it's story and atmosphere than from it's jumpscare and gorefactor and who can appreciate the sound and minimalistic visuals.To sum it up: for me I would give a a 9,5/10 but because I know that I may be kind of biased I would give a objective 8,5/10"
,Recommended,321870,25378814,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Pain Elemental,"Pros:* Very weird story* Great horror sections* Good sounds and decent musicCons:* Didn't like the controls much* I had to use the walkthrough in some sectionsOverall, I enjoyed playing this game."
,Recommended,321870,12547967,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Glycerin Ghost,"An intruiging story that only continues to pull you into the madness of the mind. As you click New Game, the man backs himself over the cliff's edge and the story begins.A sidescroller that uses silhouettes, you are in the shoes of a man who knows not where he is or even who he is. He meets a mysterious bartender who holds his answers and his journey to self discovery begins. Avoiding disturbing shadows and solving clever puzzles, jumping at the random bumps and sounds, I found myself engrossed in the story as each chapter presents another side of the world, while the protangonist digs deeper to find out why he is here in this place.As the story continues (trying not to spoil anything), you discover that not everyone wants to leave, not everyone wants to know how they got here. Some are too afraid and others have their minds on other things. You press on and find that there is a price to this journey. The bartender himself tells you that 'Your journey will be riddled with terror and it's not an easy one to take. But you have the choice to stay or press on.'If you enjoy atmospheric horror, buy this.If you like an engrossing story with twists, buy this.I can not praise this game enough, and anymore might spoil some things. But I HIGHLY recommend it. I beat it in about 6 hours, got stuck at some really clever puzzles, but the time was well spent. At one point, I found myself dying to know what would happen next. I hope you enjoy this as much as I did."
76561197978893994,Recommended,321870,20242352,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,agentdiner,"A haunting, visceral and occasionally frustrating journey through a shattered psyche, Silence of the Sleep is set in a stunningly realised vision of a mind coming to grips with pain, loss and grief, as well as the tormented and fractured path to realisation after personal tragedy.Set against a dark, brooding art style and a despairing rain washed sky, a man plunges from a clifftop, asking for forgiveness. From here a strange, surreal journey through his past actions and memories plays out in a side scrolling, slow paced and intensely unnerving narrative, involving puzzle elements and avoidance combat with enemies. The man, Jacob, finds himself in one strange place after another, always somehow familiar and oddly out of place. The people he meets are cryptic and often vague about what they are doing there or how indeed they got there, and no one really seems to know what's going on.One of the game's biggest strengths is its sense of foreboding atmosphere. Each location feels disconnected from any proper sense of reality, and the player is constantly uneasy about what could be around the next corner or hiding in the shadows. This is largely due to the incredible atmosphere the game creates through a minimilistic and strikingly unique art style and colour tone, with oppresively dark, dirty environments contrasted against gashes of bright red of blood soaked interiors. The visuals, as the essence of the world, perfectly encapture a broken, twisted and depressing place that allows the theme of the story to shine through brightly in this dark nightmare.The sound direction and design is some of the best I've witnessed in any game. Ambient creaks and gnarls of the environment echo around the player as they navigate through the game's locations, always keeping tension just tangible enough to keep the player's wariness at a draining level. The shrills and alien cries of the grotesque, deforrmed monsters instill such dread that for the most part their presence is a terrifying and heart pounding thrill. There is a beautiful musical score throughout the journey, across many instruments and often involving the player's input. The overture haunts and bleeds as the story unravels, and fills the sky of the game like the grey, oozing rain that never stops.Gameplay revolves primarily around exploring areas, finding items or clues to advance to the next area, talking to NPC's and avoiding the enemy monsters. There is no combat at all, and if you get too close to the enemies its Game Over. This allows for a tense hide and seek between you and the patrolling enemies as you navigate the dark hallways and hide to avoid a quick death. While this system is effective and can be genuinely skin crawling, it can get incredibly frustrating when you are trying to solve puzzles or get through an area and have to constantly stop and wait for the enemies to pass. In fact, this might be the biggest gripe I have with the game and I spent a lot of time reloading again and again with growing annoyance at some sections, as a simple task could stretch well beyond the point of tension or enjoyment.The puzzles are fairly straightforward but fit in well with the world created. The story unravels slowly and deliberatley vaguely, never completely telling the player everything and shrouding the whole experience in a veil of uncertainty and clouded clarity. The story's tone and somewhat ambiguous nature is perfectly presented in the dark, dank and gloomy environments, and the twisted and sporadic nature of the events that occur. Jacob can rarely discern what is real or indeed what is happening, and the player is just as submerged in this confusion. The player wanders the levels in the crushing darkness, getting lost and fumbling through rooms hoping to find the next clue, just as they do with the game's narrative.Overall, Silence of the Sleep is a beautiful, terrifying experience, not so much for the scares it imbues but more toward the brutal tone and theme of Jacob's journey. Life and death is presented as shards of glass, constantly sticking and twisting into the strange world as Jacob's memories and emotions bleed onto the screen. It's not perfect and will most likely frustrate, but as a grim walk down a very mature and despondent road, it is a marvellous, dreadful time."
76561198106096794,Recommended,321870,15481749,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fabuloussaurus Rex,"Beautiful. Thank you Jesse Makkonen for this wonderful game, I really enjoyed it, from the begging to the end, what a masterpiece. And the soundtracks of this game is just amazing, great job!"
76561198014522093,Recommended,321870,32191646,Posted: 4 June,all,penbit,"Bought it with a heavy discount so I wasn't expecting much but it turned out better than I thought. The mood is great, controls are a bit annoying to get used to. Recommended only for ""2D point and click"" fans.Also I think this game should not need the ""psychological horror"" tag at all. It's more like a mystery than horror."
76561198024747946,Recommended,321870,12411103,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,s.endres1,"Silence of the Sleep tells the story of Jacob Reeves in an interesting way.After loosing his complete memory of the events in the past he´s trying to make his way through surreal places.Those have a nice unique design and are divided in two kinds.First there are quite normal looking areas with other people to interact with.All figures in the game are designed like shades having colored details giving them their own character.But also we find deserted places containing junk, blood and monsters.For Jacob there‘s only one way to survive: hiding.The mechanics allow him to hide behind boxes, the use of a fleshligt, peeking through holes or listen to what´s behind a door. There’s no fighting back…The music fits great with the mood of the game and gives it more depht.During the horror parts the sound gets disturbing und hearing the monsters really made me shiver.During the game you have to solve puzzles which vary in difficulty but are never too easy.The game also attends with some funny mini games.Every chapter has slightly changed hiding mechanics and different looking monsters for some variety.The control system is easy and works for the most part.Jacob runs only for a very short time and turning around always needs an extra step which caused some game overs.All in all Silence of the Sleep is greatly designed and nice to play.I also liked the reverences to known horror movies and games in the game."
76561198067001787,Recommended,321870,17991092,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,The chaser,"I strongly reccomend this game, I put it a 9.5/10.It's introduction is just brilliant, leading you to somewhere strange and alone. As you make your way, things begin to get creepier and creepier. You are not the hero, you are just the protagonist. The ""enemies"" will try to take you down, but you have your own weapons against that (no guns, just be smart and hide whenever you have to).The graphics are a 9/10, I absolutely love how this game was graphically made. A lot of effort was put into it.The sound is amazing, in fact it's a way to survive. Besides sound effects the music is astonishing, I loved it.The story is exciting and will keep you hooked up until the end. The end might not surprise you, but I absolutely loved it.This game is a gem in my opinion, and if you are an usual horror-game player, you don't want to miss this one."
,Recommended,321870,12770414,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,b82a,"Wow. All i can say about this game is just wow. Its absolutely amazing, i dunno how to describe it without spoilering anything, Its just incredible how things can turn around and everything acquire new meanings. The whole story is awesome, gameplay is great, soundtrack is just fascinating. I cant rate it less than 10 out of 10. Buy and play it. But NEVER go on youtube, just take a bit time to understand how all puzzles work, there is nothing that hard, dont ruin your experience and impressions."
,Recommended,321870,12334504,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Grabapint,Great adventure horror game in the same gameplay style of games like Claire or The Cat Lady!  Very dark theme and great atmosphere.  The music is also used well in the different scenes.  The game will give you a challenge with it's puzzles and chills with its' frights!  It should be picked up by anyone who enjoys adventure/horror games
76561198145903667,Not Recommended,321870,23125377,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,LadyValhalla,"The first part of this game is awesome. The art is beautiful and the story had me hooked from the get go.Then its ruined at chapter 2! The repetitive monster chasing is no fun at all and after being killed about 50 times, I give up and shut down the game. I wanted the adventure and mood this game started out with, not monster after monster coming after me so othen it stops being scary and becomes more of a nuisance. How am I supposed to avoid the monster if it spawns right next to me just after entering a room? How can I do anything if I'm being killed over and over again before I can move three steps. Its frustrating as hell!!I would have loved to play this game and enjoy the cool story and awesome art style, but its ruined for me.Very disappointed."
76561198009942058,Recommended,321870,12941016,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Keeper,"An immersive psychological horror journey. I'm amazed, because this game is the work of a single talented person, 10 years younger than me.  So, here are my special words to the author, Jesse Makkonen : your game is ""haunted"" by a special and brilliant atmosphere. Some ideas are just great. The soundtrack fits the game perfectly well. It's not an easy one, some chapters are tense, but in my point of view this is a good point (yep, it's a survival horror, no?). Well, I hope you will create other games in the future. Congrats !"
,Recommended,321870,14533084,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,0dds_0f_Even,"Silence Of The Sleep (Not Silence Of The Lambs) made by only one man managed to create an interesting world to explore in as your main character Jacob Reeves tries to figure out why he tried to commit suicide in the first place but before I say anything good about the game I want to address the game's flaws first & it has some very annoying flaws that I just have to mention because I want this game dev to succeed.Alright one of my main gripes about this game is in Chapter 4 with that god damn sewer level it just drives me up the wall on how tedious, mundane & boring it is because while I'm trying to solve the puzzles in the sewer I can't constantly keep hiding from monsters that move too slow it just ruins the tension for me which equals a lot of rage inducing moments when I'm backtracking a lot. This is actually one of the main cons in the game which almost gave the game it's downfall but thank god chapter 5 saved it from turning the game into a disaster because I was enjoying the game a lot & I just want to mention in Chapter 2 with the monsters in the motel as much as they only had a repeated pattern of walking they didn't move slow as hell so hopefully more of that tension in your next game & if your going to add a sewer level please add something new in the plate because backtracking isn't fun or scary. My final issue is the controls for moving your character I'm just going to be blunt I hate turning my character like a ballerina a lot in the calm sections but I didn't mind it when I'm chased by monsters because it added tension for me so that's the last con to mention but hopefully the next game won't make me twirl around like an idiot the entire game.Now for the accomplishments the one man game dev delivered an awesome story to get addicted on (The game lasts around 10-11 hours but it depends on how good you are at puzzles because I sucked at some puzzles & sadly there is no voice acting in the game so you have to read all the text) despite the game having some common horror tropes the game manages to remain fresh with a unique animation style, great music, weird shadow monsters (I think that's where the Silent Hill influence kicks in), some cool puzzles (I'm leaving out the sewer puzzles because that level sucked) & a bunch of interesting NPCs like the mysterious bartender for example but I could just ramble on forever on what the game did right but I can't do that because there is a limit of how many words I can type so overall on a good sale or if you want to pay full price you have to check this game out.Bonus: An official short film for the game has been madehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpHRpt4VX3YBonus 2: The game dev is making a new psychological horror game called The Human Gallery so keep your eyes on that game in the futurehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwWvdCW5ATMhttp://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=408270544EDIT: The game dev takes feedback seriously & I respect that kind of passion"
,Recommended,321870,13328311,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Miasma,"PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!Horror, yes. 2D, yes. Wonderful soundtrack, yes. Beautiful art, yes. Wonderfully brilliant story, yes. Replay value, yes.Oh God, please play this game. I just finished it and am frantic with joy and elation and awe. The twists! The plot is wonderful, the story is dark and intriguing! You play as Jacob, basically working your way through limbo to try and discover why you're there. What did you do? You meet other characters stuck in limbo with you, and a mysterious man there to help or hinder your progress? Who do you trust? Can you trust even yourself? Are you delusional? Mad? Or is everyone else the crazy one?I give this game a 5/5 for everything. EVERYTHING.♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't been this excited when I've finished a game in I don't remember when!"
76561197979577811,Recommended,321870,25521539,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Uncle Istvan,"Yes, the style of play does change in chapter two,  and yes, it is frustrating, but then so is modern life. You get me?Anyway, if you can deal with the fact that the game has a challenge within it (oh man) then you will find a great little gem that was largely crafted by one person. It's a solid achievement, and I played more of this game than some AAA games, like F.E.A.R. 3. Was F.E.A.R. 3 AAA? AA? A?It's better than F.E.A.R. 3.It's good."
,Not Recommended,321870,16669231,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Top Nep,"tl;dr: a game with an amazing atmosphere, made dull by mediocre gameplay.Silence of the Sleep is a lush game, filled with beautiful scenes and a musical score that sits between unsettling and mournful. At first the game allows you to explore the world without danger. However, the mysterious atmosphere creates plenty of tension. I was genuinely enjoying taking in each location, and teasing out each puzzles.Then the game introduced monsters that kill you in one hit.Tension turned to frustration. I'd be in the middle of a puzzle, and every half a minute a monster would spook on up to me, and I'd just have to hide behind some boxes. Over and over and over. It was like the game was actively discouraging me from progressing.Monsters worked in games like Silent Hill because you had plenty of options for how you wanted to deal with them. They also wouldn't interrupt you in the middle of a puzzle, if you'd cleared out the room. There were rules in that world which allowed enemies to coexist with the more exploratory nature of Silent Hill.But the 2D world of Silence of the Sleep removes many of these options. The monster gameplay becomes a dull 'run the opposite way' goose chase, until you find some boxes to hide within, or hit a dead end and start over. It's incredibly restrictive.I really wanted to like this game, but it just reminded me of better horrors. Hopefully the developer's next game, the Human Gallery, plays to its strengths, rather than introducing needless elements."
,Recommended,321870,33714920,Posted: 22 July,all,Shadowcleaver,"This game has a Silent Hill mood in its story and atmosphere that is a thing that I very much enjoy. It is a good experience storywise. Only things I found annoying are the mini-games. Some of them are frustrating and non very much in theme with the game, like the bunny one. The controls are a little cluncky and the savepoints too few. Several time I had to run trough all the stage so that I could save my progress. And the hiding spots from monsters should be more present; too many times I had to run back trough several screens to avoid one of them, only to keep finding him in my way. Excepet for this things it is a wonderful game for horror  and psychological games fans. Great atmosphere, good story and nice graphic for an indie game."
,Recommended,321870,18868515,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The Dainty Cossack,"A psychological horror masterpiece. This game surpassed my expectations many times fold. The storyline, the writing, the horror elements, the soundtrack... absolutely unbelievable that it was developed by one guy.The developer must have psychopath tendencies... in a good way. I don't think anybody fully sane could have written something so fundamentally disturbing."
76561198120993683,Recommended,321870,17255179,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,bunnymistressaya,"I really liked this game, it was refreshingly different. I feel like its hard to find neat horror games on Steam, as I feel like you just have to stick your hand in a grab bag and hope the game you pulled out is a good one. But I feel I found a treasure in this game.Its story is good, the visuals are great and it's a different kind of scary. The only thing that hindered the game experience was the controls. But that's just being nitpicky."
,Recommended,321870,16521416,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CCL sama,Considering that this game is made by one person I muss say that he had done a really good job! The story is interesting enough to keep the player entertained and the visuals does it's thing right.The core gameplay is more like hide and run but with some extra features which I really like. There is also a lot of puzzles that you have to solve but they are logical and the hints you will find on your journey are very helpful.Only downside is that it is sometimes very slow paced which hurts the fun factor and the repetitive hide and run tactic near the end and solving puzzles at the same time can be very frustating at times but it's still a good game.
76561198140909459,Recommended,321870,17856916,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,DeBre,"Woa, where do I start? This game left me saying ""What the ♥♥♥♥!?!?"" probably every 10 minutes or so. The artwork is very simple and yet combined with the beautiful soundtrack, and skin crawling sound FX, it does a great job at creating the dark, creepy environment the developer was shooting for. The puzzles in this game are difficult enough to keep you entertained, but they aren't so difficult in that you find yourself ripping your hair out as you proceed to rage quit.I ran into one little bug while playing SOTS, but it obviously wasn't game breaking. The sprinting was a little buggy and would cut out randomly while holding down the shift key (I even switched keyboards to double check it wasn't user error), but it was only a small annoyance at most, and I was generally too focused on running away from something to care enough anyways...Aside from that, moving back and forth while avoiding monsters can get a little monotonous after a while, but for the most part, again, you're too busy running away from them to care too much.So overall, I find this to be a great game! Definitely worth my time! I personally got it on sale, and I'd say it's too short of a game to pay full price, so keep your eyes peeled!"
76561197970447700,Recommended,321870,18006277,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,oneclipleft,"By far one of the most frightening and trippiest gaming experiences I've ever had. Makkonen definitely knows how to make a horror experience. Very disturbing and well-presented. Controls leave something to be desired, but it's fine for survival horror."
76561198028005562,Recommended,321870,32205118,Posted: 5 June,all,Zergling50,"This game not only has a creepy atmosphere, but also has truly challenging puzzles and a story that is very mysterious. It makes you want to know more."
76561198122630095,Recommended,321870,17837004,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,crossed,"Most creepy game I've played in a good while.If you're a fan of the genre and you know that ""needle in the haystack"" feeling when it comes to searching for good horror games, you should give this one a try.I'd give this game a 10/10 any day, just because it managed to scare me (more than once, and not with cheap jumpscares...)"
76561198142717293,Recommended,321870,17027250,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Gr0tAsk,"Ok, I just finished it and still have to get myself together.Looks: That was the one that really get me for the first sight. Very detailed but still minimalistic, really good for building the atmosphere and the tension.Sounds: Loved the music, and the voices (especially the monsters) really kept me on edge.Puzzles: Sometimes challenging, but managable. Did not build up frustration, so nothing could break the atmosphere.Control: Minimalist, works well. Liked the ""minigames"" very muchStory: play it and you will find out :P. I say, it worth playingOn the top of that: Ladies and gentleman, this one-man-made-game beats a lot AAA horror games with a simple trick: it is not only a jumpscare fest. It has symbolism and psychology. Well done!To the developer: Thank you. I'm a horror game addict, and I enjoyed every twisted minute of this!TL;DR: U like clever horror? Play it!"
,Recommended,321870,31379099,Posted: 26 April,all,veedfreak,"Great game especially when you release its a one man team, yeah controls are a bit clunky at times but the atmosphere and storytelling make up for it I think. i love the music would go for a soundtrack."
,Recommended,321870,18870581,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,DreamStar,"If you like games that are all creepy atomshpere and meaningful story, you will love this great indie game. It is befitting of the horror tag, as the monsters chasing you throughout the game are frightening. The controls can be clunky at times, which was frustrating... but for me it is ultimately not a complaint... this clunkiness in controls would cause panic and an extra sense of urgency to escape, so it really only added to the horror element as I would try to scramble away from the monster chasing me. The puzzles were challenging, some more so than others but not to the point where you had no idea how to solve them.Overall a game very much worth a play through if you like horror, point and click puzzle games with a touch of survival mixed in there for good measure!I am definitely looking forward to purchasing the developer's future projects!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198167428717,Recommended,321870,14567994,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,PoohDaly,"I just finished the game for the very first time :  It's superb. I don't think I have enough vocabulary to say how much I love this story !  Sometimes the gameplay and the riddles ( really difficult to solve for some of them ) were driving me nuts ... but the atmosphere was perfect, the music, the graphics ... all of that was sublime !! I heartily recommend to play this game :)"
,Recommended,321870,14288906,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"You know how some games feel like just a game? like it's just pictures that do stuff when you press buttons? like there's no magic, it's just technically a game.that's what a lot of recent ""horror"" games on steam seem to be. It makes me worried that the rebirth of the horror genre we've been going through as of late is going to kill itself off too soon.But then there's games like this that make me happy again. It's got it's own thing going on, it feels like a place and a time. it's not just a piece of software. It's really good.I suppose if you only want horror games like Outlast (which I love, i'm not doggin it) then this might seem a bit weird, but if you allow yourself to get into this game, it's a damn fine time.When they say support the little guys, these are the little guys who deserve your support."
,Recommended,321870,13904336,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ebrech sage,"Silence of the sleep terrorized me. No cheap jump scare, the atmosphere was amazing and done really well for a 1 man project.GoodMusic choice is great, reminded me of Silent hill a bit for the ambiance.Puzzles are interesting without getting repetitive and not too hard to figure out. I needed to look at the guide only for one of the area near the end.Scared me.Story is very simple but has lots of weird moment to it.BadThis need a revision on the text, many obvious typos in the text, I had to read some lines twice to get what was said.Music can be way too loud at times.Short. (Under 7 hours)Overall I'd rate this game a must for horror game lovers."
,Recommended,321870,17126941,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,NateyBoss,Dark but interesting point and click game full of mystery until the very end. Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,321870,15650762,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,swrigley,"This game has an interesting concept and story but 1) a horrible horrible control system 2) a recommedned brightness setting that puts almost everything into unworkable (and unatmospheric) darkness and 3) almost non existent savepoints combine make it a deeply frustrating and unpleasant playing experience. I spent an hour or so on the second level, solved all the puzzles then dies taking me back to redo an hour's play. There's a game in here somewhere..."
76561197999301009,Recommended,321870,25625230,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,JD Ickshot,"Played for about 2 hours, enjoyed it, made good progress, game crashed, no autosave.  Doubtful I'll start another one up. If you decide to get this game make sure you understand how the saving works because it seemed really unclear."
,Not Recommended,321870,25964532,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,gunsage,"Look, I loved DISTRAINT, but I'm really torn on this one.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Tqyed5icDQIt's very atmospheric, but the writing is awful, the puzzles don't make a lot of sense, the monsters are annoying, and I'm really not made to care for any of the characters the game presents.  I'm comparing this to DISTRAINT because it's made by the same dude, which is impressive, but this game is very meh."
76561197997225559,Recommended,321870,14616627,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,onche_rodriguo,"Very good survival horror game, with its very own atmosphere, excellent sound, music and a quite special artistic direction. The game also features a surprising amount of variety, be it on the moods, the settings or the gameplay mechanics. Il aslo has the good taste of not grabing you by the hand in order to guide through its horrors. It made me think a bit to Lone Survivor, in more mature and closer to PC gaming standards. Nice piece of work."
76561198037031904,Recommended,321870,13906622,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Merulu,"I haven't played very far into this game but so far it's excellent. The music is creepy and mood-setting, the graphics are unique, and the monsters are TERRIFYIGN. Don't let its adventure/puzzle tag fool you, this is the type of game that doesn't need jumpscares to ensure that you need a stack of clean underwear nearby!If I had any complaint, it's that the game is fairly ruthless. Save spots seem too far and inbetween, meaning you may have to redo entire puzzles after being swiftly thwarted."
76561198013386248,Recommended,321870,16228809,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Bonnie Gruesome,"Almost speechless!This is the best horror game I've played in a long time, and at first I was expecting it to be a let down like so many others of late, but it just doesn't do that, it's atmospheric, story driven, and downright spine chilling at times.It's a great and balanced blend of horror, story, surrealism and survival, anyone who likes Silent Hill, Resident Evil or The Cat Lady should play this, you won't be disappointed :)"
,Recommended,321870,16629075,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,JessKawaiiXxX,"I have just JUST finished Silence of the Sleep (SotS). Overall, I can recommend SotS with a score of a 7/10 as it has been lovingly creafted through hard work and dedication with a deep story and beautiful art direction, however, it's on the shorter side clocking in at 6 hours on my first playthrough. The sound design and music fantastic! As well is the monster design - although I feel that there could have been more sections that were horror focused and the build up to these sections felt a little week. I plan to replay SotS soon after finishing, which is a good sign.I hope that the developer, Jesse, has taken some feedback from fans, improves the game length, allows for more tension prior to the monsters whilst keeping the solid art direction and great sound design for their sequel The Human Gallery."
,Recommended,321870,13819331,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,{DBD}Cobra,"This game was awesome in every way. I loved the story line and the horror factor of the game. While some of the puzzles were a bit challenging it was nothing to ruin the game. Worth every penny, Recommend!!"
,Recommended,321870,16691770,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TikPandora,"I wasn't too sure what I was expecting when I began to play Silence of the Sleep.  What could a 2D horror game really provide?  The story, atmosphere, and scares were top-notch, as well as all of the graphical and audio work. Any fan of horror, or just a good story needs to play this game.  Sure the controls were wonky at times, and resulted in me experiencing a few unnecessary deaths...but these small shortcomings did little to ruin the amazing experience that Jesse has provided.  A year and a half of work well spent!"
,Recommended,321870,18844623,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,phospheratu,"I really wanted to like this game, and at first, I did. It seemed to have an intriguing story, and a dark, creepy surreal vibe. Almost Lynchian.But then, the having to run away and hide from things over and over element kicked in, and I lost all insterest (especially with the clunky controls). I really do NOT enjoy such games. It's my own fault for not bothering to read all the reviews before I bought it; however, I don't recall seeing any mention of it being an action game in the description.I can only recommend it to people who prefer action to puzzle/adventure."
76561198130224251,Recommended,321870,18181729,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,outlast,exelente videojuego la historia el modo de juego  en si la aventura asi como su narrativa  no tiene  comparaciion alguna  altamente FRECOMENDADO
76561198006849221,Recommended,321870,32752222,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,The art style is amazing. Very unique story for P&C fans--I wouldn't call this horror but it's definitely eerie.
,Recommended,321870,13954114,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,forksnapper,"There's a handful of neat things about this game. The art style is pretty sweet and I like that the characters are in silhouette form. The music and ambience is really nice. And with the story along (as far as I've gone) it will push you to go further into the blackness to try to uncover the mystery. What else...oh yeah, it gets really dark and red! There's plenty of bizarre shadow beings that will roam around as you explore through the blackness, blood oozing out of the walls, and a mysterious bartender who claims to be your only friend! On the plus side of that, yer not alone! Anyway, if you like going on a side-scrolling horror adventure, you should give this one a try!http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLUXrCLUQcQ5BjI1xItjNGAGRlK0ZgwTG4"
,Recommended,321870,12804732,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,AquaDrehz,"This's some kind of silent hill atmosphere.I bought this game full price on release date and it keep promise me.The game bring to nowhere and figure is it going to be a acceptance what you have done?Not so simple. Many thing won't go and usual hollywood style.You'll trust and distrust both the story and the characters the same time.Till the end.This game isn't perfect. The controlling is clumsy but good for survival horror game.Only a fine tuning in some point will put this outstanding.Support the developer so we'll got a next title with bigger budget.P.S. Soundtrack of this is available for free, too."
76561198062172729,Not Recommended,321870,19147865,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,EffingA,"Beautiful game, endearing, great concepts, still somehow incredibly dull."
,Not Recommended,321870,15469827,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,raidenradio,"Disclaimer, I'm not much of a puzzle-gamer type, so take this with a grain of salt.I really didn't enjoy playing this. The puzzles are mostly bland and unsatisfying, the characters and monsters lack imagination, and I don't see a lot of originality. To put it blunty, the first few seconds of the game are the most interesting.SPOILERS:Just to cover some specific instances of puzzles, you walk into a room and hear a baby crying, in the room is a crib where you find an item. So I guess the baby crying is supposed to be a clue to look in the crib. But the crib is literally the only thing in the room to interact with.If I had to make a suggestion it would be to scale it back, every aspect of the game seems like it's designed to be scary. To that end, nothing about the game is scary. It's like H.R. Geiger designed a game written by a 12-year old."
,Recommended,321870,26610462,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,luigilollard,"Really loved this game! Has amazing graphics , mind-boggling puzzles and an interesting plotline . By the way , the music is beautiful , a delightful piece of art. I can´t believe I´m playing this game two years after the release. I wish you guys plenty of success on your next work."
76561197998124890,Recommended,321870,16409774,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[CW] moff,"If Broken Sword, Lone Survivor, and The 11th Hour had a child with mental illness, it would probably turn out something like this game. Macarbre and cerebral puzzler that is easy to get lost in.The keyboard controls are stiff and unwieldly when you most need them to be responsive, and encountered a bug where the screen would go black at a certain door until I travelled in the opposite direction first then replayed that area.Despite these flaws would still recommend it on sale 7/10"
76561198145469035,Recommended,321870,16612099,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Im At Soup,Overall enjoyable ride with Jacob Reeves. Love the silly aspects of the game and the puzzles are really well done! I LOVE IT.
76561198039149351,Recommended,321870,13491606,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pink,"Wow, this game is intense. I've just started it and i think its great. At first i wasnt sure about it because when i played the prolodge their was a puzzle that annoyed me. But once you start to get deeper into the game it gets better. I'll have to say this game creeps out! I dont think you will get the full experience unless you put on your headphones and play in the dark. I was honestly looking over my shoulder becasue i was getting freaked out haha. This is a great game and i got it on sale with the steam holiday sale. I cant wait too finsh this, so check it out for yourself!"
76561198083598316,Recommended,321870,13350115,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Horrible Andy,"Hard to believe this whole game was made by a 1 man team.The only bad thing about this game is the 16.99 price tag. Other than that it's a gem. Nice, clean graphics, a dark and creepy soundtrack and a pretty cool story. If you liked ""The Cat Lady"", you'll like this."
76561198074474757,Recommended,321870,13775682,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,It Me,bravo! sequel!
76561198001629594,Recommended,321870,15098059,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Versus,"Keeping it simple here, Yes I would recommend this game. The Enviroment and Music is beautiful. The puzzels except for a few are not too hard though it will get your frustrated from time to time. I found the mechanics with the monsters to be spledid and enjoyable while still eliciting a scream from me everynow and then. The storyline is beatifully put and given to you in such a way that the ending comes at a complete surprise.This game is not for everyone but for those of you who like simple mechaics and a great storyline should give this a try."
,Recommended,321870,24545443,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,AVEX,Good horror story. Straightforward game play.  Best if you use savepoints as little as possible to give you more skin in the game.
,Not Recommended,321870,33687935,Posted: 20 July,all,Danny 7.0,"The controls are choppy (which is weird because most all you can do is move up, down, left or right), the dialogue appears to have been written by a teenager with a horrible understanding of how human beings actually interact with each other and the no-auto-save ""feature"" made my first time playing it frustrating enough to rage quit after losing a half hour's worth of progress. I mean, I peak out a door, see a creature walk by, figure the coast is clear once he walks by, right? NOPE. As soon as I open the door, I'm dead. How was I supposed to know that? I was thinking, well, I'll open the door and if he's still close by I'll run away and go through another door. There's a lot of stuff like that in this game.However, I really do like the general look of the game. The art is great. It LOOKS beautiful but it plays rough. The story has heart but I just wish it was written by a better writer. Also, I get that they're trying to pay homage to The Shining, but this isn't homage, this is borderline plagiarism. Man, All in all, the game looks good but I just wish they tried harder when they made it."
,Not Recommended,321870,15117302,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,DracoMalus,"This game has several flaws that make it unplayable.One, the important things you need to see blend in way too much with the backgrounds.  The dev makes sure you clearluy see characters you're supposed to interact witg, usually with some form of color hinting at their important.   You will miss though several door that near impossible or completely impossible see and save points that are not impossible but so colorblemnded into teh background you will miss them several times over.Two, there's a hiding mechanic that has two parts.  The second being when you hide while being chased you have to complete a mini game to avoid being killed.  That stupid mini game is the most impossible to complete piece of bad game design ever.Three: No controller support.  In this day and age is ignorant to not incluse controller support for a game.This game is full of more frustration than fun.  Skip it you hate getting frustrated because an amateur dev doen's know what he ♥♥♥♥ he's doing."
,Recommended,321870,14931549,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,This Is Dark Wolf,"I reall have to say, this is one of the best indie horror games I played in awhile.  The artstyle and direction this game takes you on is just out of this world. It's also very gritty, dark, and atmospheric with a very dark storyline with down to earth characters. Definitely recommend.Check my Lets Play of it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exDjCbdFj4s"
,Recommended,321870,25453919,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Kraboarta,Pretty nice game with funny end credits :)
,Not Recommended,321870,19385512,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,nvis,"As a game made by one person, this is quite a feat. It has a distinctive look, competent sound design and music, and some genuinely clever puzzles.However, the controls are extremely clunky and unintuitive. I also had some technical difficulties, with the game repeatedly trying to apply an incompatible display resolution on exit. Despite generally enjoying psychological horror, I didn't find any of the storytelling compelling or scary, and eventually just gave up halfway through the game."
76561198021288115,Recommended,321870,17649617,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Builder,"A little gem for all horror and David Lynch fans.Quirky, scary and atmospheric."
,Recommended,321870,14567727,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,LUBROGOLD,Great horror game. Not the jump-scare type.
,Recommended,321870,20861488,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Scootch,"Okay, I'm gonna level with you.I know you're here because you're undecided. You want to know what other people think.On that note, I remember not being sure about this because it was an indie game, and a side scroller, and a whole load of other things.My opinion was that it would be simple, linear, unoriginal. A lot of indie games are, right?I have never been so enraptured, challenged and awed by a game since Spec Ops The Line. It made me feel safe, it made me feel nervous, I tasted danger in the air and I knew the aftertaste of regret, sorrow, and anger all the same.Turns out, my opinion didn't mean anything at all."
76561198125643441,Recommended,321870,31883544,Posted: 21 May,all,Jonoangelofdeath,"If you enjoy puzzles,horror, and a Mysterious story then this is a great game for you that will keep you tense and on your toes!"
76561198131066377,Recommended,321870,14199190,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Greyguardian,Good story. Complex. Interesting.Too many jumpscares thoug.At one moment jumpscares/hiding/sneaking became so frustrating that i wasn't able to finish the game - i watched the end on youtube... oh well.Not recommeded for the chicken-hearted.
,Recommended,321870,14454034,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,AlfonsoTorrero,"I loved almost everything: the story is very intriguing with chilling moments :_ , the backgrounds are pretty cool (obscure and beautiful) and the enemies scared me a lot. I just had problems with the inventory, sometimes it didn't show the items I had and the pointer stopped moving, I solved the problem connecting a mouse to the laptop. Anyway, it is just a little issue and the game is worth to buy.  Hopefully in the future, the creator will make a new interesting and entertaining game."
,Recommended,321870,16349476,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kjerchan,i love the way this game plays.Its also a great story.
,Recommended,321870,28856184,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cold Glass of Water <F4T4L>,I pauses every 5 minutes to change my pants. This game scared the living crap out of me. Metaphorically and quite literally.
,Not Recommended,321870,29094252,Posted: 7 January,all,EmoTheKid,"I only played through half the game, then I encountered a bug which wouldn´t let me progress. I have written it down in the forum, but didn´t get a response. Then I went to youtube and watched a Let´s Play.The game tries to build a twisted story, but for me it fails, as dialogue and events are sometimes presented in an akward way. But my biggest gripe about the game is, that the conclusion is not only presented very slowly but also leaves many plotholes and worse, shows that many characters, places and sidestories were there for no reason at all. Yes, many things seemingly important... are there for no reason, it seems.And for the gameplay, I thought it was much more annyoing than fun.On the other hand, there are some things you might realize at the end do make sense and are pretty cool.It´s not that abd of a game, but you have to understand how I feel about this game after having a not-that-good-experience and after that bug."
76561198318667836,Not Recommended,321870,34941369,Posted: 13 September,all,victoriacitter,"This game looks really good and I had high hopes for it. However, I found the controls to be extremely choppy and it wasn't very scary, just weird. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. There are better games out there like The Cat Lady which have a similar style."
,Recommended,321870,26134169,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,morphineblues,"I really enjoyed playing this game. Seriously i don' t understand why someone would not recommend it. Its nicely done, great story."
76561198022186188,Not Recommended,321870,35313150,Posted: 29 September,all,selambentolgi,"started really exciting, the artwork was nice, the soundtrack and the story was really interesting... until somehow the monster came out of nowhere and killed me and the last time I was able to save the game was a chapter before... the saving issue really makes such a promising game a waste of time... that's why I uninstalled it after 50 minutes of play time..."
76561198065004532,Not Recommended,321870,25659497,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,vitogiuliano15,Terribly annoying controls and monsters materialize on top of you.
,Recommended,321870,25704324,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Extracheesepopcorn,Good job Jesse! I love the atmosphere and that baby monster amuse me :D
76561197995416801,Not Recommended,321870,12357569,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,podzorama,"Unfortunately I am going to have to be the sole dissenter here amongst all the positive reviews.As much as I like the idea and mechanics of the game, I found the experience on the whole an extremely frustrating one.The puzzles and Art direction are fine, but it is the monster chasing sequences that are boring , repetitive and not helped by the strange addition of a third dimension in a 2D side scrolling game which make the controls rather cumbersome.It is interesting to see comparisons being made with The Cat Lady; one of my favourite games. Silence of the Sleep does not have the same quality of writing, story line, darkness, or character empathy, and as Silence of the Sleep is a puzzle come ""hiding"" game it is perhaps unfair to even make the comparisons."
,Not Recommended,321870,18321767,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Zjulja,"Unusual, but not for me..."
,Recommended,321870,25951072,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,!@!@,Good game.
,Recommended,321870,22239631,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,golf,"good♥♥♥♥♥game bruh yo jesse you da real mvp for creatin this masterpiece man, chapter 4 gave me aheadache tho but the ending made up for it"
,Not Recommended,321870,21851626,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,DbDick,"you cannot play this game on a higher resolution than 720p. thats a shame. and sad. if you have a higher resolution screen, it will add black bars around the frame of the game. pathetic..the first chapter is great.thats about it. in the beginning it was very interesting and fun to play, very misterious as well, but then it turned into a psychotic mess, that i just could not enjoy. in every corner there is a monster, after chapter 2 begins its just running away from monsters and trying to survive, some people might find it fun, and it really could be, if they kept the vibe of the first chapter."
,Recommended,321870,25649073,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Kara 🌻🌻🌻,... GOOD GAME
,Not Recommended,321870,34180557,Posted: 11 August,all,Shot_Dunyun,"I stopped playing the game two hours in becauseThere is some part where you just need to be lucky to not being spotted by some monsters. I did not stay to find out if it gets better, maybe you'll find that part fun"
,Recommended,321870,24647167,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Smoker,The Dark Souls of adventure games. Prepare to Die a ♥♥♥♥ing lot.
,Not Recommended,321870,25953592,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,OriginalQverty [RU],"Story isn't bad, but middle part of the game is boring.And this game isn't horror.5.0/10"
,Not Recommended,321870,25693130,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,qw1123,sucks n too slow
76561198025331382,Not Recommended,321870,17092770,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Aeldergoth,"Good gods this was awful.  Look, I'm the furthest in the world from a Call of Doody dudebro gamer.  The most recent game I played was dipping back in to 2004's Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines, one of the top 20 RPGs of all time, once you patch it up to a working build.   Silence of the Sleep is just bad.  The gameplay is on par with most 8-bit side-scrollers, but without much interaction to speak of.   And the Pokemon-style of conversations is just ♥♥♥♥.  I really hate ""Indie"" games, where ""Indie"" is a euphemism for ""maybe we have a great story, but we're unable to securre even Kickstarter levels of funding, so lets make a primitive, uninteractive gameplay experience with crap graphics."""
,Not Recommended,321870,33417631,Posted: 9 July,all,rosedragon,"Some jumpscares that I don't even know what so scary about what been depicted on it, clunky control, and unlikeable npcs. The music was great tho, it does have atmosphere, I just have no idea what so scary and the goal doesn't interest me much."
,Not Recommended,321870,22504250,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,KuntaoDaChump,"Boring, the gameplay isn't scary, its kinda, creepy, I guess, but not scary. The monsters dont make sense, and you can really see them, their just shadows. And sometimes you get stuck in some crazy puzzles (which I dont mind)"
,Not Recommended,321870,31764731,Posted: 15 May,all,Shantel,"Do not spend $18.99 for this game, it is way over priced."
76561198052877050,Recommended,321870,12327900,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,akiaffe,Amazing!! Worth the money!
,Recommended,321870,33075501,Posted: 1 July,all,Maken X,Got this when 90& off. It's one of the best heaven simulators available on steam. Pretty close to the heaven I visited when I was being resuscitated. Strongly recommanded for those who would like to have a sneak peak to what heaven looks like.6+7/10*Will visit heaven again!
,Not Recommended,321870,20297801,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Authentic Aliens Experience,"Typical ""My-First-Psychological-Horror"" indie trash. Indie developers are literally Hitler."
,Not Recommended,321870,22504769,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,69/113 All-Hero Challenge v7,never and never buy this game
76561198054024600,Not Recommended,321870,20796537,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Bananarumpus,"I wish that I could leave a more neutral feedback for this game. It's pretty good, but also pretty bad.The style of the game caught my attention. It has a pretty unique look to it. I'm a fan of the contrasting silhouettes of the characters against the backgrounds with the occasional pop of color. Looks aren't everything, so moving on.Another reviewer mentioned that this game is like a 2D Silent Hill, and that's basically what sold me on this game. I do agree, that there are some similarities, but once I made it to chapter 3, I began to feel like playing this was more of a chore than any fun. Don't get me wrong, there are some parts of this game that are down right interesting and fun to play.. but there are other areas (the lock picking puzzle................) that are just frustrating as hell.Basically,-Some puzzles are interesting, others are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and I didn't find them clever or satisfying to solve.-The controls are clunky. I use the default Shift key to run and I'll randomly stop running and just casually stroll. I've tried key-binding my run to my mouse, but it was the same problem.-The ""combat"" has some unique bits to it. Once you get the hang of the pattern each monster follows, you'll be fine though. So it's really not that difficult.-At several moments throughout my play though, I ran around in circles looking for the trigger to move on in the story only to find out that I wasn't facing the right direction or in the exact position to speak with someone or pick something up.-The aesthetic and soundtrack are both fantastic.Right now, I'm taking a break from this game. I just finished the lock-picking nonsense, so I saved, and I'm done for awhile. I might come back and keep going because just prior to that, I thought that the art therapy room was a really neat touch. I'm just finding that one annoyance is enough to kill my morale for playing this game. I would like to know what's going on with Jacob though, so I'll likely keep going unless something reeeeeeeeeally ticks me off. That's when I'll just watch the ending on Youtube or something. ♥♥♥♥ it."
76561198067114307,Recommended,321870,28656742,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Waddleloo,Horrid game can't finger paint
76561198059399862,Recommended,321870,28297896,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Pinochet's Helicopter Tours,"This game is overall pretty good, it's got some fairly mind♥♥♥♥ing moments, fairly hard to solve puzzles (a little too difficult at points), a pretty dead on atmosphere and a good story. My only main complaints are the ending, which I felt was quite rushed and sort of didn't really utilize the story's full potential as well as it could have. I feel that the developer should either remake the game to be longer or make a sequel of some sort. My other complaint is things you need to complete puzzles in the game are a little too hard to find sometimes, and I would recommend having some kind of indicator that these said items are important.But overall a good game that I would recommend if you are in need of a survival horror game that only takes a few days to beat. 7/10."
,Recommended,321870,28276102,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,无情 | 57nG,"I don't get why some people actually thumbs down this game.This is actually very entertaining and I liked how the story goes although it sure is confusing at times.Even without the autosave feature or more save checkpoints, I can still play very safely lawl, only died once due to the ""holding breathe when chased"" part as I didn't notice the bar at the top right during that time.Not that difficult to control the keys, just have to get used to it.Well I don't really know how to describe about games that much but this is indeed a very-well made.The art, music, the style of the game, stories, is all just, brilliant !"
,Recommended,321870,25806341,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Gamfreke,"Great game, everything is great up until one point. When you get into the horror part when all the creatures are roaming around, the second creature is impossible to get past. I tried literally everything and It just keeps killing me. If I ever manage to get past that point I will change my recomendation.=======================================================================Edit:I managed to get past the enemy blocking my path. There is a trick to do so (and I've should have solved it a while ago, I was just stupid, it was one of those simple solutions) Still loving this game. Would highly recomend this game if you are a gamer that enjoys a little horror and puzzle solving."
76561198077780380,Recommended,321870,33984368,Posted: 2 August,all,getupkid10,"controls and gameplay are a little janky but the storyline, atmosphere, and music are phenomenal."
76561197980340131,Recommended,321870,25838095,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sgt.Squirrel,"Had a lot of potential, and the game captivated me for the first 2 hours. Then at chapter 2 it messes everything up! Cryptic, frustrating and unstimulating gameplay ensue where you are killed by monsters at 50 second intervals. This breaks the suspense and ambience harder than i thought to be possible. Lets just say I am glad that I bought it at a 90% discount otherwise this review wouldn't have been so kind. I still recommend this game, but not for its full price. Mainly because it contains interesting story-elements, the creator just completely botched it by making you get chased by monsters every nanosecond.For the love of god don't buy this at full price, it isn't even close to worth it."
,Recommended,321870,34362655,Posted: 19 August,all,Bone Hurting Juice,"This is a great new game experience, and it is even more impressive that it all comes from the work of one person. It may be a few years old, but it's a game I can recommend to almost anyone."
,Recommended,321870,34820105,Posted: 8 September,all,Shalaa,"This is a good game. People just don't seem to understand it: clunky controls, protagonists slow movements, art style. I love it the way it is.Only negative thing is parts where you have to navigate through different corridors and rooms to find stuff or what you are supposed to do while you watch out for the monster/s. It can be frustrating sometimes, so remember to save when you can!"
76561197994971393,Not Recommended,321870,35278859,Posted: 28 September,all,Occupant,"This game has lots of things going for it. The art style is very good. The plot is intriguing. The horror elements are well executed. But I couldn't finish the game because I became too frustrated with the distance between save points. A major mechanic in the game is learning how to ""scout"" ahead to know when it is safe to move. Unfortunately, the first time you are able to practice this mechanic (after the ""rings"" puzzle), you haven't been able to save for about 15 minutes. So every attempt to learn the scouting mechanic takes 15 minutes. After a few tries, I just got fed up and had to uninstall. It's a shame, too, because I actually wanted to see where the game was going. I guess I'll just have to watch a playthrough video."
