user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,321800,12700361,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Yakuzai,"If you've never played Icewind Dale at all, see the second section of my review for an explanation of what to expect from the game. First, I'll start with a review of the Enhanced Edition.This is a beautiful enhancement to an awesome game. It contains all of the expansions and content from Icewind Dale, plus more. I know that many critics and users will complain, as always, that it doesn't add enough content to warrant the $20 price tag. I disagree. $20 is not expensive for a game and IWD adds even more than BG1 and BG2 enhanced editions did. It's very similar to the latter two games but since Icewind Dale originally didn't have very many class choices, you're given all of the kits from BG2 plus a few new ones. The new quests and content add about ~6 hours of play (there are $20 games out there that take this amount of time to beat) and much of it is drawn from deleted content that never launched with the original game, which is awesome to see if you're a fan of the original.The UI is beautiful. I have experienced no bugs at all and everything is running flawlessly. The release of the game came quickly and as a surprise. I was a little worried that this meant there could be serious issues but so far I haven't seen evidence of that.****************************************************************************************************IWD AS A GAME, WHAT TO EXPECT: Icewind Dale is a Dungeons and Dragons-based, isometric RPG that uses the Infinity Engine with a combat system similar to Dragon Age: Origins. It is like Baldur's Gate but at the same time, very different. Icewind Dale is not dialogue heavy. In fact, there's very little dialogue, although the small amount that exists is well-written. The plot IS good but it is rather straightforward and basic, with a couple of twists towards the end. The game has no city exploration or party banter. What it does have is the following: superb music, incredible atmosphere, top-notch level/dungeon design, beautiful artwork, extremely high replay value, a sense of adventure and wonder, and strategic, fun, challenging combat.The beauty of the game comes from the music, art and design. The fun of the game comes from two things: (1) combat - including well-designed fights that require placement, strategy and planning and can be very rewarding on higher difficulties; (2) party creation - if you HATE creating full parties and spending hours thinking about how your party will work, this is probably not the game for you. If you don't hate that, it's a lot of fun and adds a ton of replay value. If you're one of those people who hates being given ""premade"" characters that you can't customize or build from scratch, THIS is the game for you.You get 6 party member slots. You can decide how to play the game in whatever way you want. Solo with a sorcerer? Play with 6 archers? Duo with a 'decoy'/'tank' and healer? Make an all-evil party? An all-good party? A mixed party? Sure, you don't get the party banter of Baldur's Gate, but there's a lot of freedom. You can name all of your characters and make them from scratch, gear them up, give them different stats so that they work well together, etc. I have spent hours devising ways to create an effective party, e.g., 2 melee, 2 casters, 2 decoy/tanks, or a mix of classes (multiclassing/dual classing is one of the best parts of D&D), or 6 of the same class, if you want. If this appeals to you, it can be extremely fun."
76561197972318971,Recommended,321800,13096260,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Steaksauce,"The first thing you need to know about Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition is that it's Icewind Dale. Beamdog's update of Black Isle's 2000 classic Dungeons and Dragons high fantasy adventure is still as deep and tricky as it ever was. This version is a patched up and polished joint package of Icewind Dale and both of its expansions, Heart of Winter and Trials of the Luremaster. If that means something to you, odds are you've already decided whether or not to buy it. If it doesn't (or if it does but you're still unsure), then read on.Icewind Dale is based on 2nd edition Dungeons and Dragons, and if you've played any of the other infinity engine games, you know exactly what to expect mechanics wise. This time, however, you'll be building your own party from scratch. While veterans have a good idea of where to go, you absolutely can gimp your party during character creation and wind up headbutting your way through a playthrough that is more difficulty than it needed to be, so if you're a complete novice I'd recommend you look for a guide on the internet. A little hand holding might have been nice here, and it feels like a missed opportunity by beamdog, but its still no great object.The main game, Icewind Dale (as opposed to its two expansions) is more fast paced than your average swords and sorcery campaign, and you'll do relatively little carousing with the villagers or solving problems with tools other than axes and fireballs. Battles feel very large, and you'll often breathe a sigh of relief when one floor of a dungeon turns out to contain friendly faces (something the game does fairly often owing to its long dungeon crawls). The game also basically throws you to the wolves, and early on you might find yourself doing a little bit of rope-a-dope by luring one or two enemies at a time - that's bad enough, but it feels as if the developers intended it, which is worse. There are relatively few sidequests to boot, and Kuldahar, the town that serves as a hub of sorts, feels a little too small at times. Still, the story whisks along and actually manages to get pretty interesting at times, and although your characters will be more or less mute for the duration of the game, the voice acting from the game's NPCs ranges from good to excellent.Overall, the game runs pretty nicely. It's a testament to both how good the original game looked and how nicely Beamdog has cleaned it up that it is still pretty aesthetically pleasing today, and it ran natively on my laptop's bizarro universe 1366x768 monitor. I never experienced a crash to desktop and experienced only one bug that required a reload (to an autosave taken about 60 seconds prior to the bug) during my entire 32 hour playthrough. By the standards of high concept fantasy games, this just about represents a mirror sheen. My one complaint is that fire effects (which are literally low resolution sprites) would often cause the framerate to inexplicably collapse, and more than any other Infinity Engine game, the beautiful painted backgrounds in Icewind Dale often do a lousy job of differentiating between places your characters can go and territory that is unpathable like deep chasms or walls.The expansion, Heart of Winter, was criticized at launch for feeling too short (leading to the subsequent release of the downloadable Trials of the Luremaster, which is included here), but after reflecting on my playthrough I disagree pretty strongly here. Instead, the expansion has two entirely different problems that made it feel too long!The first of these two issues is that by the time you wrap up Icewind Dale you're dealing with a seriously powerful party of adventures using some major endgame equipment. Save for a few items that actually get upgraded by doing certain (insubstantial) questlines, by the end of both expansions I'd replaced almost none of the equipment that my party was using at the end of Icewind Dale. While the game isn't meant to be a loot treadmill, it's a real bummer everytime you identify a new shield only to think ""ah, well I'll be selling this."" The only area where I felt any improvement was in my spellcasters, and by that time managing so many spells becomes so difficult that its effectively impossible, so I just relied on my big high level bangers every fight.Additionally, while the battles in Icewind Dale sometimes felt a little exhausting, by the time you're through Heart of Winter and Trials of the Luremaster, you might well be bored of fighting, and since that's basically 100% of what you'll be doing, that will put a damper on your enjoyment. On Core difficulty (the default difficulty, which can really be quite tricky) all battles devolved into the same slog of sending my fighters to hack away at enemies while I used my casters to cast as many area of effect spells as possible.  The contrast here between the expansions and the base game could not be stronger, as in Icewind Dale you constantly have access to new and interesting options as your characters get more powerful. You probably wont spend more than a cumulative 12 hours on the two expansions, but they feel like a really long 12 hours, and not always in a good way.Fans of Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition and Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition should take note that there is no extra game content whatsoever, nor any mini-expansions equivalent to the Trials of the Black Pits, so once you've finished Heart of Winter, you're done. Still, even though the base game is much better than its expansions, and it feels like Beamdog went a little light on the feature inclusion, I thoroughly enjoyed my time with Icewind Dale: Enchanced Edition, even if it ran a little longer than it maybe should have. The game is a ton of value for money to boot (at a paltry $20USD), so if you're feeling like a rollicking good time in the wind blasted north of Faerun, then you owe it to yourself to give IWD a go."
,Recommended,321800,32612165,Posted: 21 June,all,wany1981,"By my avatar I am sure you can tell I am asian of sort. I am in fact a chinese canadian that immigrated to canada when I was 12 years old. At the time I didn't know any English except basic greeting such as hello, hi, Yes, no and sorry.It was a difficult time that I had to result to drawing picture of a cow with a knife on a napkin in a restaurant to order a steak. For me I learned english mostly not in class but though fun and interest. Such as Magic the Garthering, vampire the masquerade, Mech warrior and of course DND3.Dungeons and Dragons version 3 was full of fun and exciting english words that describe a new world, new creature and everything was so foreign which is exactly how I feel when I arrived in north america. The regular friday night DND wasn't enough, all the rule book and character/creature book wasn't enough. I got my hand on 3 games. Baldur's gate, Icewind Dale and Planescape Torment. I love all 3 of them and I played all 3 of them with all the expansion that i can get my hands on and even finished main story many time though different party members.It's super fun and exciting to replay Icewind dale after so many years. Just when my memory was start to fade about this game replaying it brought it all back. I found it have way more different class choice then I remembered and I had to once again read though some of the rule book to help adjust my party and choose spells. The space to pause and arrange my turn of engagment is a must to play this game and I love every moment of it.Personnaly I really wish there are more game like these but sadly no one has made one for many years now.9.5/10 for one of my all time favorite DND games."
,Recommended,321800,12700543,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Coelacanth,"When Baldur's Gate came out it was heralded as an awesome achievement of gameplay and story. Some fans demanded a deeper more robust story, for this they made the classic gem Planescape: Torment, and yet others clamoured for a more intense combat and gameplay experience. Icewind Dale is the result of that.While the story is by no means poor in this game, it is a tad shallow as that is not the point. Icewind Dale is meant for those who wish to have total control over a party. In this game you create a party of six characters choosing their race, class, skills, and gear and take them on an epic adventure with a very deep and enjoyable combat system.The original game included 6 races, 8 main classes, 8 specialist mages, and 8 multiclasses, with the option for several classes to dual class. in the ENHANCED EDITION the class kits from Baldur's Gate 2 have been added as well as all new kits and a new race (Half-Orc). These new kits add another 3 class options for the 8 base classes, plus you now have the Sorceror and Barbarian class to play as. This makes Icewind Dale Enhanced Edition probably the game with the MOST amount of class options of any RPG ever!The appeal of this game is in making your own party and taking them through the adventures, while you won't experience much in the way of alternate story paths to take, this game offers huge amounts of replayability in terms of party setup. You can go full on with 6 very well built and complimentary characters or try self-imposed challenges like solo runs with a thief, or a party of all mages, there's even an official forum dedicated to challenge runs!Finally in addition to the entire base game and both expansions, previously unreleased content has been added to the game. Add in that with the updated UI that supports modern platforms and this is the definitive Icewind Dale experience.You simply won't find a better game to drop $20 on, so don't hesitate! I also highly reccomend checking out Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition and Baldur's Gate II Enhanced Edition if you enjoy the infinity engine style!Did I mention it has 6 player crossplatform multiplayer?"
,Recommended,321800,12751312,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Silverdawn,"An exceptional remake of an exceptional game. I feel like Beamdog learned from some of its earlier mis-steps in the release of Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition, because Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition is a finely polished presentation.Here's what you can expect from Beamdog's remake:+ The original Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition kits, plus two new kits (Priest of Tyr, Priest of Tempus) meansfarmore variety in your party building. Building your party is a meta-game in and of itself, with hundreds of different permutations and combinations of classes that lead to a different experience every time.+ A clean, lightweight game that runs exceptionally well on most resolutions.+ Heart of Fury/Insane difficulty modes for veteran players, as well as Story Mode for beginners who just want to experience the game, or learn the ropes. For Civ fans, Story Mode is essentially the Settler difficulty of IWD--a simple, low-challenge difficulty level that helps new players understand the D&D rules.+ The introduction of Sneak Attack/Crippling Strike for thieves. Thieves (and also Stalker rangers) now have the option of dealing Sneak Attack damage rather than backstab, which vastly improves a thief's viability in combat and adds an interesting tactical dimension to the class. If you were underwhelmed by Thieves in the original IWD, try using the Sneak Attack feature.+A bunch of additional content, including updated quests and a few dozen brand new items. The itemization in the original IWD was always a little problematic, but Beamdog's remake brings in plenty of powerful new gear.+ Improved multiplayer. IWD is, in my opinion, a game far better suited to multiplayer than Baldur's Gate. Because IWD has no central protagonist, and is built on team dynamics, the game naturally encourages co-op multiplayer.ConclusionPick this up if:You're a D&D fan and haven't yet tried the Icewind Dale series, probably because it's fifteen years old.You enjoy old school computer RPGs, and want to try something that feels reminiscent of old tabletop games.You loved Baldur's Gate, Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition or any of the earlier Infinity Engine games.You enjoy Bioware/Obsidian RPGs, and want to check out some of their earliest work, when they were still Black Isle.The game is on sale, and you're kind of curious, and you think you might enjoy a fun RPG."
76561197995217572,Recommended,321800,13645380,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ipseitet,"The action-oriented sibling of Baldur's Gate has been given an engine enhancement that allows it to run smoothly on a modern system. The expansion Heart of Winter and the free mini-expansion Trials of the Luremaster are included.Unlike Baldur's Gate Enhanced edition there are no added new areas to the game. However spells from Baldur's Gate 1 and 2 have been imported into Icewind Dale, but since enemy casters feature a much less prominent role in this game, it doesn't make a huge impact. However, you could exploit the additions if you really wanted to.I don't care all that much for the combat offered by Icewind Dale compared to Baldur's Gate. It contains way too many swarming melee enemies for it to be tactically interesting for my tastes. But I like it all the same (just can't get enough of the infinity engine games!)If you like the originals you probably don't need a recommendation. It's the same game.It's a different thing to recommend it to the newcomer. If you haven't played Baldur's Gate before this, play that instead. If you don't like Baldur's Gate, then you proably won't like this game either, but if you like Baldur's Gate and are desperate for more - then Icewind Dale is a good place to go."
,Recommended,321800,15605245,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,"Gordon ""Simcoe"" Fawks","What do I like?It's freakin' Icewind Dale.  One of the best dungeon crawlers ever made.  Why is it one of the best?Good CharactersGood SystemGood ActionChallenging FightsGreat Art and AtmosphereGood WritingNeat LootWhat don't I like about this?A lot of the enhancements seem to be a bit slap-dash, they're not really consistent in tone or setting with the original (I have it to compare) and I think the game suffers for it.  Randomized loot is an interesting idea but really not pleasant to work with most days and a lot of the new loot that is present is not that great (Bearing in mind I've yet to clear Vale).My opinion may change as I get further in but I give this a tentative ""Yes"".  Enough of the original has been preserved and the enhancements add -enough- that this is worth your time and money.Also, dear publishers and game makers, I WANT MORE OF THIS.  NPCs I care about, voices I love, music that hits the tone just right.  This game does more with black and white paper-cutout intros and a great voice than a thousand unskippable ""interactive cutscenes.""  Screw the ""Awesome Technology and Cutting Edge Graphics"" and make a legitimately artistic and beautiful game again."
76561198070773164,Not Recommended,321800,19865270,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Pumpernickel,"Icewind Dale itself is a marvelous game (subjectively of course).  As the Enhanced Edition sits currently, I do not recommend it.  To clarify: Enhanced Edition is not the original and there are changes.  Some of the additions are fun (I'm not going to reiterate them here), but there are downsides that will catch your attention if you've played the original.The enhanced editions are built from the Baldur's Gate 2 engine using CRE V1.0 and CHR V2.0.  What many do not realize is that because of this some content from the original Icewind Dale has been removed to bring it into line with the Baldur's Gate 2 engine.  I stumbled across this fact in my playing of Enhanced Edition.  I couldn't quite seem to figure out why the gameplay seemed more monotonous than in the original.  And then I discovered that the number of sounds your characters make had been greatly reduced (from 40 to 22).  What this means is that the variety of remarks and sounds your characters make as you command them to move, they take damage, you tell them to attack an enemy, etc. is reduced by almost half.I'm not sure if there are other aspects of the game that had to be similarly altered in creating Icewind Dale Enhanced Edition.  And for some this may be inconsequential or outweighed by some of the neat additions.  But for me, losing original content is significant.  I'll be playing one of my copies of the original with a mod to make it full screen (find mods easily doing any internet search if you're interested).  Icewind Dale is fantastic.  Just know that if you go the Enhanced Edition route you are going to be missing out on at least a couple authentic elements.  Personally I feel these losses should've been listed with the additions in Enhanced Edition's description so one could properly compare it with the original, but I guess that wouldn't help Beamdog's sales.  I can't help but wonder what else may be missing...PS  During my playing of Enhanced Edition I had a number of crashes occur (playing the Steam version in Windows).  One would normally report these at the Beamdog forums in the hopes of a fix, but apparently Steam does something that renders crash reporting useless to the developers at Beamdog (as one of them informed me).  Crashes suck.Edit 2/25/2016:  As of this edit 128 people found this review helpful.  I didn't think it'd get that much visibility.  With enough urging we could actually make a difference.  It is possible, should they determine it worth the effort, for the developers at Beamdog to create new file structures and restore these missing sounds in a future patch.  If you would like to see this happen, visit the feature request section on their forums and let your voice be heard.  The more of us that indicate a desire for such action, the more likely it is to happen.  I've already made such a request here (https://forums.beamdog.com/discussion/comment/707921#Comment_707921) if you'd simply like to login in and give a +1."
,Recommended,321800,13302255,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,notfolklore,I spent 45 minutes making my first of six characters only to have him die in 5 minutes when two goblin archers crit him. 10/10 true Icewind Dale experience.
,Recommended,321800,13731530,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Pilgrimm Wildcard,"I played all of the DnD rpgs back in the day (in school rather). They had brillaint stories and gave utter freedom to the player to play as he/she thought fit, and utter freedom to decide what his/her character(s) were like and were pioneers in the rpg genre at the time. *Warning* IWD is a more linear narrative than BG or BG2 so be prepared to be following a sequence of narratives essentially. Still its a treat to get to play  it again. Am yet to get BGEE or BG2EE. But IWDEE is beautiful, the resolution fix and visual updates are very appreciable. Didnt really face many bugs, none to be honest. So Beamdog's done a competent job I'd say. Also if you're new to the old school DnD rulesets, dont come to this game thinking its a click+hack/slash game. Its not. Every step you take might end in your solo character's/party's untimely demise. For eg., first playthrough my party got decimated right in the begining by seven trolls; so there you are- this game will punish you especially in HoF mode if you take it casually. Also a footnote, each character class is unique as are the intra-class variations; so lots of options to create that perfect motely crew of adventurers and accidental heroes or rouges that you always wanted."
,Recommended,321800,17620448,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,dirk.dierickx,"I love RPG games, and i missed this one when it originally came out because i use Linux exclusively. When the EE came out on Steam with Linux support, it was my chance to finally play this classic.After spending 2 hours on carefully building a team, setting the skills points, selecting classes/races; i die on the first battle. Obviously this game is hard and shows you how much games have changed. Even modern games which try to capture the spirit of the old RPG games (for example, the excellent 'Legend Of Grimrock') don't come close in difficulty level compared to Icewind Dale.If you're looking for an easy game, you're not going to find it here. But it doesn't matter, it's a good game and soon enough you'll get the hang of it and slay monsters and solve puzzles as if there is no tomorrow (hang in there and keep trying). But you need to get into it for sure, after i came out vacation i had to get into it again, because i got defeated at the first battle. Modern games would be much more forgiven.Somethings could be better, for example pathfinding is not always optimal, this causes a character to choose a really weird way to get to the marked destination, sometimes with undesirable effects. And don't be fooled with the word 'Enhanced' in the title. It is still very much the same game as it was originally released, no rerendering of the gfx/movies for example, doesn't make the game look that great at certain points.There are no issues with the game on SteamOS, not once did it crash, slow down or give problems.It is a massive, great game and you should check it out if you are a RPG fanatic or a retro game player."
76561198149412754,Recommended,321800,12701196,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DEW21689,"I played this game WAAAAAAAAAY more than I probably should have growing up, so much to the point I instantly could spot the changes they made as well as some of the sounds they changed.  Regardless this game is incredibly ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and I am now going to lose god knows how many more years of my life playing this game...."
,Recommended,321800,23530865,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Icewind Dale is an Infinity Engine game developed by Black Isle. The developers behind Planescape Torment and Fallout 2. It is a sequel of sorts to Baldur's Gate and shares a lot of the same assets and gameplay as that game while maintaining a unique sort of style.The general gameplay is almost identical to Baldur's Gate. Down to reusing the same sprites for characters and a lot of the same enemies. But anyone who has played the game will tell you it feels very different. It's set in the cold northern reaches of the Forgotten Realms called the ""Spine of the world"". Unlike Baldur's gate before it, you don't create a single protagonist and find party members throughout your journey. Rather you're expected to create your party at the start of the game.This actually ties into both the positive and negative aspects of Icewind Dale as a game. Icewind Dale is a very combat heavy crpg. Compared to Baldur's Gate and especially Planescape Torment its storyline is comparatively sparse. It's also a very challenging game that makes heavy use of the Advanced Dungeons and Dragons ruleset. However all that aside, the game has a lot of beautiful environments. And a huge amount of the encounters in the game are very well designed on a technical level. There's a lot of moments where the game throws you a curve ball and forces you to adapt to a particularly challenging enemy placement. It's a game that I tend to recommend to people who enjoyed the combat system in Baldur's Gate a lot since it greatly appeals to that kind of player. It's also an extremely long game and generally takes players around 40 or so hours to complete.This is the Enhanced Edition of the game. Which includes the two expansions to Icewind Dale: Heart of Winter and Trials of the Luremaster. It also runs on the Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition version of the Infinity Engine so if you played that, it's mostly what you will expect on a technical level. Unlike Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition, this one lacks any ""new"" content created by Beamdog and just contains the new classes from Baldur's Gate 2.Like I said Icewind Dale is very challenging and ramps up the difficulty fairly early on. Meaning if this is your first introduction to the AD&D ruleset I don't generally recommend it. But if you're a fan of both Baldur's Gate and Planescape Torment, Icewind Dale serves as your next RPG fix."
76561198054861545,Recommended,321800,20108157,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ghc,"I spend WAY too much time playing this game.  If you are a bit of a perfectionist or have a touch of OCD, you may find yourself replaying each battle because you KNOW you could have done slightly better."
,Recommended,321800,32206087,Posted: 5 June,all,PurpleXVI,"Icewind Dale was always a stronger game than Baldur's Gate, which makes the Enhanced Edition somewhat odd. IWD has a slightly weaker(but still functional) story, but much better game design in many places(far less instakill traps, far less encounters based around save-or-die stuff and it feels like it accounts much better for having a paladin, bard or similar as a party leader and giving you some special dialogue as a result. Letting you design the entire party yourself also gets around BG1's terrible issue with having extremely poorly-designed NPC companions in a lot of places, companions with stats, skills, spells and gear that no human player would ever give them.), and really only two boss fights that I consider to be fundamentally badly designed(Icasaranth and Belhifet are extremely annoying due to warping you into a boss arena, locking you in close quarters with the boss, and then forcing you to sit through a cutscene. This A) negates a LOT of strategies which are otherwise viable and B) means that a reload forces you to sit through some garbage you shouldn't have to.)Now, the reason this makes IWD:EE odd... is that it got less goodies from being EE'd than BG1 did. Now, I don't really know why. I thought they were designed on the same core IE engine, and should therefore be amenable to the same upgrades, but I'll have to assume they're not. For instance, one lovely thing that BG1's EE had was that you could see traversible areas on the map. If you're not familiar with the IE games, their backgrounds are essentially hand-painted, which means it's sometimes hard to spot some passages. BG1's EE got past that... but IWD's EE missed it. Generally just some small UI issues like that.On the other hand, IWD still got all of the chargen upgrades.Ultimately, flaws aside, I'd recommend IWD:EE more than BG:EE. Not so much because the Enhancements were done better, but because the underlying game is simply so much stronger."
,Recommended,321800,12795971,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Widowmaker,"I haven't played the original, so not much to be said about the enhancements. Still, I found this to be a very interesting game; there's much fun to be had with experimenting different approaches to dangerous encounters, and it feels very much like your regular D&D board game with friends (except you're playing alone, controlling all the characters you've created yourself).Recommended."
76561197960347612,Recommended,321800,12874387,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,McCoy,"A gem of a game. A bit more straightforward than the Baldur's Gate games, but Icewind Dale is a classic RPG in its own right. Beautiful artwork, great soundtrack and responsive combat make for a great game."
76561198093203093,Recommended,321800,12716438,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,genejoke,"I loved this first time around.  I know I'm in the minority but I preferred it to the baldurs gate games.The EE is largely the same as the old one but tweaked, naturally.  the graphics look slightly better then playig the old version.  slightly.The modify party element is missing which is a bit of a problem, but there are work arounds."
76561197961546176,Recommended,321800,12705554,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Middleagedmanbanjo,"Beautifully updated version of a class duneon crawler. This time without the extra frills of the Baldur's Gate two enhanced editions, and at a much more reasonable price."
76561198008149534,Recommended,321800,12756145,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,SlacK CaT,Wow-Icewind Dale has gone beyond what I thought possible with the Enhanced Edition. Beautifully painted graphics you wont find anywhere else and just cool to play. Dungeons and Dragons has never been so awesome. 100% worth your time if you are a D&D fan.  Forget Divinity Original Sin. The classic remastered Icewind Dale is making me juice all over the place. Highly recommended.
76561197998694272,Recommended,321800,34850018,Posted: 9 September,all,WalterMatthau,"Back in prehistoric days when computer games were not installed on hard drives but  run from floppy discs (that were actualy ""floppy"").  A series of games in gold colored boxes changed my world.I cut my Ad&D teeth on the wonderful ""Pool of Radience""  I spent most of summer vacation staring at my Zenith TV and listening to a 1541 disc drive click and crunch its way through the numbers I no longer had to touch dice to benefit from.Luckily when I discovered there was another gold box that dealt with ""The Curse of the Azure"" bonds it was time for Christmas vacation. Managed to remove those damned tattoos just in time for school to start up.These games consumed me fully.  Many a night lost inside a gold box  ended in panic as I turned of the  TV and pretended to be asleep because my Dad's alarm clock was ringing.Now I'm the dad and the kid thanks to Icewind Dale:enhanced edition.I installed it and started running the adventure with the premades to get a feel for the engine while I decided what multi-classed chars I wanted to start over with when my damn clock started ringing .( 2) 1/2E Fighter/Magic User, 2) 1/2E Fighter/cleric/magic user, 1)  1/2E FIghter/magic user/thief, and 1) 1/2E cleric/magic user).If you want crazy ubertextured eyecandy move along, If you want to rent your adolescence for a few hours a day while forgetting to eat and spending most of your work day tired and cranky this is the game for you.I highly recomend it.   My only complaint is the total lack of a gold box."
,Recommended,321800,32904810,Posted: 27 June,all,ENT MOOT,Good game.And If four beetles wipe your badass sixman party you need to reload and get good. Again and again.Class progression and combat options really start to ramp up after a the first few levels.{10}
,Recommended,321800,26195625,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,The Magical Medic,"So I played Icewind Dale when it came out (I was maybe 10) and coming back to it, I was lured more by nostalgia than I was, ""Dude I remember how awesome this was; I can't wait to play it again!"" I was only vaguely familiar with the mechanics (I've remained a tabletop RPer, but with the newer Pathfinder and D&D rule sets) and remembered next to nothing of the story (it started coming back as I played) so for all intents and purposes I was approaching IWD with a fresh slate.On that note... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Some games are classics because they were big when they came out, and people wind up wearing rose-tinted glasses when they look back. I know I do it: I've ruined shows and games that I remember thinking were awesome as a kid playing them now as an adult. IWD is NOT one of these. The mechanics, the music and the voice acting (awesome in places, deliciously bad/cheesy in others) are superb. Even the graphics are better than some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥I see people shilling on Steam today. DECADE OLD GRAPHICS BETTER THAN MODERN SHLOCK!I about crapped my pants; I was so happy.I'm writing this review having just lost my entire Sunday to this game. I consider myself a responsible (read:boring) gamer who can step away when I need to. IWD is the first game in a long time where I haven't wanted to do that. It's, ""Okay, just one more fight. Okay, that fight went well; why don't I just go a bit further? Oh, I wonder what's in that box over there? Huh; the gate is locked. How do I get to it? WHOA! I never expected there to be so many enemies in there! And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ is that the boss? I think I just killed the boss. Wow that was tough. I wonder if I have time to clear another dungeon?""Let's talk a little bit about your team. Because you can customize a group of 6 adventurers, have fun with it. I did a standard D&D line-up: a Cavalier (fancy paladin), Archer, Cleric, Swashbuckler, Wild Mage, and a ♥♥♥♥♥ing swordswoman who can't wear armor but who hardly gets hit. And I AGONIZED over them: I rolled 3 different teams before I found the winning combination of personality (all in my head) and wreckage (hitting the enemy in the right place for maximum damage, yo). My leading lady is built like Brienne of Tarth with the charisma score of Littlefinger: a tanky Cavalier who is joined on the front-line by a soft-spoken cleric and a whip-thin elven swordmistress. We have a swashbuckling gnome who loves picking pockets and the standard ♥♥♥♥♥y mage who I imagine to be like Morrigan from Dragon Age. Last but not least is our war veteran sniper: the oldest and crankiest in the group (he rolled high on Wisdom and tanked Charisma). Take your time picking the voices that make you smile; you'll be hearing them a lot. I always giggle when I hear my Archer speak; he sounds like one of his lines should be, ""I'm too old for this♥♥♥♥♥♥""I've gushed about it so far, but let's talk downsides. Backtracking. If you're someone who explores every corner of the map you won't miss much, but if you intend to do a speed run you better be using a guide. There's no fast travel either, so if you pick up everything in sight (I must have the loot; I killed the enemies, I deserve a little something for my efforts) you'll find your inventory full over and over again until later in the game. Now, you COULD leave all this♥♥♥♥♥♥behind, but if you're patient and willing to backtrack why WOULDN'T you? Free money! It can be wonky sometimes to initiate combat; if you're moving into a room and something comes to attack you, your team won't attack back until they've gotten to where they were going or you direct them to return in kind. But if you have a character that can lay traps on your team it can actually work to your advantage: it is immensely satisfying to watch a well-laid ambush play out. Different folks, different strokes.I'm going to sleep now. My brain is fried. Goodnight~"
,Recommended,321800,15364654,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,JK Nails,"I have been playing this game for as long as I can remember; my dad bought it when it originally came out and I watched him and he let me help him play it when I was little. I eventually started playing a little bit on my own, but due to being too young and having a short attention span, all I would do is create characters and kill some orcs and goblins. My computer now has always been incompatible with the orginal copy I have, so I hadn't played this for years. Anywyas, I never got to sink my teeth into this game years ago, but I remembered it as great. It is. Defintiely recommend it to any RPG fan, Dungeons and Dragons fan, or any fan of fairly tactical games. There are changes to it since I last played it, such as the rules being updated to 3rd edition D&D rules and some quests and items I don't remember from previous experiences. Overall, this is one of my favorite games of all time, allowing you to make a party of up to six characters and experiment with a wide variety of races and classes, and even subclasses and different builds for each class. When I installed this onto my computer last week I probably spent about five hours just making a party and experimenting with classes.After you make your party, you start in the fishing village of Easthaven where you do little quests around town and kind of get the hang of the game. There are no real tutorials, mind you, so you'll have to experiment and learn on your own. The combat system is one of the best parts of the game. It allows you to pause, strategize, and make your plan, then unpause and watch the chaos unfold. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,321800,12758930,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Steven,Icewind Dale is an amazing RPG with an amazing story. I own the classic version as well and this EE was worth every penny.
76561198072493084,Recommended,321800,12724575,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bender B Rodriguez,I have been playing this game since i was 7 (now 21) it is a fantastic tribute to the Dungeons and Dragons world.  If you enjoyed any other balders gate games or the sequal i would highly recomend you give this game a try.
,Recommended,321800,12830553,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Sam,"One of my favorite games from way back is finally getting the Enhanced treatment. I am particularly excited about this for several reasons, not the least of which is that this game is my favorite D&D game. I am also excited about it because unlike the Baldur's Gate treatments, this one actually makes a great deal of sense. It is nothing short of a pain in the neck to mod Icewind Dale. I have always had trouble trying to get it to run perfectly. Something always seems to go wrong. I remember losing a corrupt save sometime ago after putting some 40 hours into gameplay. Here, the work is done for you, by people who know what they are doing. Everything runs smooth and the game has never looked better. Is it worth it? It depends on two factors in my mind. 1). How much you like this game. 2). How much you are willing to pay for convenience. To me, I had no problems throwing down 20 bucks on this game, the security of the build is worth it. Still many others will insist on telling you to buy from another distributer for 10 dollars cheaper but with significant hinderances in build quality. The choice is ultimately, as it always is, up to you. Either way, if you haven't played this game, do it. It's a fantastic experience."
,Recommended,321800,20236586,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Doknachos,"Dude, I've bought this game 4 times now...Original CD, here, DRM-free, and DRM-free vanilla.I've got issues; Will probably buy again"
76561198130146036,Recommended,321800,17440816,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,anfermin,"Icewind Dale Enhanced Edition is the natural next step for any fan out there of the Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition series. The game is really beautiful, well polished, and it will give you many hours of pure fun. The replayability of this game is incredible, and at the time of writing this review, I had about 40 hours into it, and I feel like I'm just warming up the engines because I'll probably end up squeezing 100 or 200 hours out of it!The fact you can create up to six adventurers from scratch and use them in your party makes this a tactician's delight, and if you are a fan of isometric RPGs then this game is simply a must have for you!"
,Recommended,321800,13272776,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Merak_Haguen,"I liked this one. Beamdog is doing a nice job realesing all the games from the old Black Isle. I'm now awaiting for the Ice Wind Dale II Enchanced. The game uses a lot of stuff from the Enhanced Baldur's Gate, that was previously released"
,Recommended,321800,12824564,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ryxai,"Nostalgia incarnate. All I need is a bust♥♥♥♥♥CRT, winamp and dial-up. Depth of the class kits available is definitely a plus. Icewind dale aesthetically always held a special place in my heart. Gorgeous backdrops, with amazing music, yeah did I mention I like this game?"
76561198009205423,Recommended,321800,16844992,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,OM Dim,My enthusiasm for this game has nothing to do with nostalgia. This is a good game right now as it stands in 2015. It has a fantastic interface and a fantastic system of character creation. Building a character is FUN. Building a party of six is better. Levelling is FUN. Combat is FUN. Looting is FUN. The adventure is solid and replayability is fairly good for 2-3 runs. Be sure to mess around with your character voices so that they all sound suitably ridiculous when responding to your mouse clicks. Remember to save your game regularly because you are going to have your a-r-s-e handed to you on a plate if you rush into boss fights unprepared.
,Recommended,321800,17937437,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Coax,"This is a ""nice"" infinity engine game, but yeah it is a little lacking. I think that by itself its a 7/10 but it isn't Baldur's Gate 2 that's for sure. If you're a fan of isometric RPGs or of the Baldur's Gate series then you should get this game, but it not I suggest trying Baldur's Gate first."
,Recommended,321800,31495251,Posted: 1 May,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"There are two series I have ever played that truly attempted to incorporate not only the rules and dynamics of tabletop gaming but also the feeling of D&D, Baldur’s Gate and Icewind Dale.The party-based gameplay as well as the single/multiplayer components have made them, as well as other Infinity Engine or IE-inspired games, invoke the pen-and-paper freedom of finding alternative solutions. Whether it’s your strategies in combat or your stories created by the player’s interactions, the overarching narrative you build from the combination of these two creates the lasting memories around the campfire you recall either the bravery of the moment or the stupidity of your luck. Every other western-RPG since these two giants, though ID is credited often to a lesser extent, have been compared to their stature.Whereas I felt the BioWare roots and D&D-beginnings embedded in Baldur’s Gate is what stood out to me the most, Icewind Dale’s subtle deviations of what BG forgot about D&D and the beginnings of Obsidian are the lasting fires I recall of my time in the Spine of the World.The Kobolds In the DetailsOn a surface level impression, BG and ID are virtually identical as both games adhere to the same engine and ruleset. It is when you look beneath the surface is where you find their differences truly set these two companies far apart in how they create their games.Without rambling into a history lesson, before there was Obsidian, there was a group named Black Isle Studios that has developed a rivaling partnership with BioWare after publishing their first games. This rivalry that later developed is evident not only in ID vs. BG but also every other Obsidian game sequel to a BioWare project afterwards. (Ex. Neverwinter Nights 1 & 2, Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic 1 & 2, and, to some extent, Dragon Age vs. Pillars of Eternity.)  If you play these games side-by-side, you will discover one has a distinct storytelling and gameplay standard that tells a lot more about its systems in the story than only the narrative.The biggest distinction between the writing quality/standards is the perspective of the player versus the storyline. In every BioWare game, the emphasis of the storyline is always asked, “How can we make the story around the player itself and always tie it back to the player’s agency?” This is why every BioWare game has an ambiguous nickname for the protagonist about his or her significance. In contrast, Black Isle/Obsidian would ask, “How can we come up with a story full of interesting lore/situations to interest the player to express themselves while also learning the mechanics?” Again, an ambiguous title is granted; however, it’s about a role the player plays.While these two questions concern the player’s agency as well as the player’s expression, it’s how they deviate that tells the full story. The premise of BG is simply the Bhaalspawn learning about the Lord of Murder and to eventually embrace this fate or to reject it.  ID, on the other hand, is about a band of adventurers investigating an unknown disturbance and to restore order to the Spine of the World. The latter gives you an idea of questions to consider before you even compose a party: What kind of adventurers are they? What is their motive?  Why were they here? Which one is going to be me, and who are the other people? These questions get you engaged in role-playing, establishing no limitations on the party composition nor the attitudes of the party members.None of all this is to say ID’s story is inherently greater or even worse than BG; the point is BG is telling you the story of the Bhaalspawn whereas ID allows you to express the story of adventurers. Whatever interests you more is based on that clear distinction, and it’s will also be evident in the gameplay as to which game will better appeal to you.A Tutorial for AD&D Masqueraded As A GameIn what will be the most hyperbolic statement I will ever say about a game, ID will make you question whether its design is mimicking a Dungeon Master crafting sessions for a group or its design is actually a playable tutorial for AD&D that is given a story and “choices” to create the illusion of a game. Let me explain.The biggest design difference between BG and ID is how linear the game is structured. BG, to an extent, was an open-world that funneled you along the path of a linear story-progression. ID, on the other hand, is a tightly structured linear path of dungeons that varies in the types of obstacles you must overcome with no deviations but optional sub-objectives to complete. Linearity itself is not my complaint about ID; it’s how it handles its linearity that confuses me. Whereas BG would allow you to learn where you should go by exploration and experimenting how skilled you are at the game, ID forces you into sections of dungeons that test you at different types of obstacles in order for you to master the mechanics.Each chapter, as a result of the narrator and impartial role he plays, makes one think of the story is structured like how a DM plans out a campaign and piecemeal his/her notes for the next dungeon to test the limits of his or her players. For an example, you start off fighting normal enemies to enemies that require magic/enchanted weapons (shades & ghouls) as well as undead hordes in Ch 0 - 2, then to enemies that use status effects against you (lizardmen and beetles) and/or require special attacks to kill (trolls) in Ch 2, then to a combination of the two in Ch 3 - 4, then different types of status effects in Ch 4 - 5, and, finally, a conglomeration of everything you have learned with new enemies for the finale.This design, which I found myself finding easier to learn as I played to master the rules, is perhaps also responsible for why ID is the only CRPG that feels like it has level-design. Most of these types of games I find are limited by the pathfinding and isometric camera where you sometimes have to cheat the level design in order to win (or what others call funneling down a hallway, “tactics.”) While ID still suffers these common issues, the majority of battles are given plenty of area for the obstacles in each area because of how more focused the game is designed. As a result, I learned far more about the gameplay in the thirty hours of ID versus the eighty hours of BG1 and 2.When I had reached the end of the game, I felt more rewarded by the mechanical mastery I had earned as I played more so than my enjoyment with the narrative. That left me puzzled with an unanswered question: Was the journey itself the reward for playing the game? If that was the reward, was the whole thing basically a tutorial with a lot of lore behind to keep it engaging and give it context?  The amount of choices you have are basically class/alignment based flavor-text as well as what type of tactics you employ in combat, but rarely do they ever impact the story at all. In fact, I had found it jarring when I was given a quest with two solutions of a good-path and evil-path that I wondered if I had finally reached the part of the game that wasn’t about teaching me the ropes.Is it a Tutorial? Is It a Game? No, It’s Obsidian.After this idea dawned on me the next thing I immediately wanted to do was to continue my party’s adventure in Heart of Winter and ID2 as well as replay the game again. Why? Because I wanted to challenge myself further with different meta-game challenges for role-playing as well as to further delve into the mechanics to show I would overcome them as well. That’s the kind of feeling I get when I play any Obisidan game; the game doesn’t end when the story does, the replay value is where it truly begins and never seems to end.Someday I want to challenge myself for the BeamDog inclusion of a harder difficulty mode. Seeing that horizon yet overcome, I am reminded of a quote about the Long War mod, “It’s a 20 hour tutorial for the real game."""
76561198123182671,Recommended,321800,27721624,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Setongkol,"Having never played neither D&D or an Infinity engine game before, I was pleasantly surprised by just how much value was put on the table in Icewind Dale: EE, not just as a videogame, but also as an introductory of sorts to D&D for new players.Right of the bat you're given the option to create a party of six (though you can choose to roll with a smaller party, or even solo the whole game) with a ludicrous amount of customization at your fingertips. For those new to the whole thing such as myself at the time, the options available might seem too overwhelming at first with all the different races, classes, weapon proficiencies, etc. Needless to say I'd spent the first few hours just to setup my party. This is a good thing.It gives you a seemingly endless amount of options to play the game. I found myself frequently going back to the drawing board just to discover all the different combinations I could toy around with and loving every moment of it (minus the rerolls of course). But really, if you've ever played a lot of RPGs, even JRPGs for that matter, common sense kicks right in for newcomers to build a decent enough party that should be able to last for the first playthrough. Or if that is indeed too much work, there are several decent pregenerated characters available to run with from the get-go.Combat in IWD:EE is definitely the meat and potatoes of the game. After finally satisfied with my party build, I ventured forth with my party all wide-eyed and eager for the adventure that awaits. Ten minutes in and my first encounter with a pack of goblins near the outskirts of town had me lose half my party within seconds. So clearly this isn't the kind of game where you can rush in the first time through. Again, this is a good thing.Don't go in thinking that your characters can take anything more than double digits in damage or being able to dish out the same. There's a fair amount of strategy involved in planning your team's formation, party member roles, individual actions, etc. Not to mention the concepts of armor class, THAC0, hit/attack/save rolls, spell memorization and whatnot. Shoudln't take you long to get it down though. I guarantee by the second chapter you should have most of it down and when you eventually do, you will realize just how many different angles you can proceed combat-wise and appreciate the depth of combat presented to you.The only faults I could find with IWD:EE are mostly aesthetics, given that the game released over a decade ago. In contrast to the wide array of ""gameplay-related"" options you can choose from for your characters, the limited color palette and visual changes via armor do little to impress. Attack, movement, and spell animations feel clunky and could have been more fluid. Audio-wise however, I don't believe anyone would be dissapointed with. The various sountracks playing as well as the voice-over work for the NPCs and even your own party members are splendidly done for the most part and does well the job of giving a sense of immersion.At the end of the day, Icewind Dale is definitely a great experience for anyone looking to get familiar with the Dungeons & Dragons mechanics especially so due to the sheer amount of combat compacted within a relatively short playtime (roughly 40-50 hours first time through) compared to other similar titles. Although, those expecting a rich story might find it a bit lackluster compared to its more popular cousin, the Baldur's Gate series. However, for those looking to make the first plunge, you won't go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,321800,12927615,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Essential NPC,"As far as the original game is concerned, Icewind dale is my personal favourite of the ""Black isle rpgs"". It is essentially a party based dungeon crawler. Although it lacks the party interactions of Baldur's Gate - as you build the party yourself - it is my opinion that the dungeons are better designed than baldur's gate and the party setup you chose will have much larger impact on the way you play the game.Aside from the visual upgrade as well as the compatibility fixes common to the previous enhanced edition games, Icewind Dale EE adds new spells, items, classes, kits as well as certain mechanics which were introduced in later DnD rules. It has also restored content that was cut from the original game.If you've either enjoyed the original Icewind dale in the past, or you just enjoy fantastic dungeon crawlers in general, I would definitely recommend this game for you. Personally I've been having a blast with it."
76561198070899330,Recommended,321800,12798870,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Meteor Bear,"Great enhancements to my favorite of the Infinity Engine games. I think I like the ability to zoom in and out the most... and the colored rings the characters have now, both make the fights less confusing at a glance. The new classes are fun and the HD UI and portraits really make things pop. Very happy with my purchase.Edit- I forgot to mention, my one disappointment is the lack of cloud saves. I often play on 2 computers and without cloud saves this is not practical."
76561197990451605,Recommended,321800,12796192,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GreatUncleBaal,"It's the same game you may (or may not) remember, there doesn't seem to be a huge amount of difference to the original but it still kicks bottom.If you have the patience, to play through a slow moving old school CRPG then give it a go............"
76561198006582789,Recommended,321800,15747729,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Muertington,"These games ruined my youth turning me into a hermit inside my room. Would do the same given the chance to travel back in time.Many say the Icewind Dale series (both I and II)  focus more on action and that their story is inexistant or poor compared to Baldurs Gate.I would like to disagree. While both IWD games are more combat focused, the story of Icewind Dale might not seem as epic and long as the one in BG, however its storytelling is much much better: the voice of the narrator, how the tale unfolds at the end, the amazing score by Jeremy Soule puts you in the cold winter mood.I find it to be very interesting (wont spoil much but for those familiar with the Forgotten Realms books, the story in IWD serves as base to the events in the IWD trilogy novels with Drizzt and company -which are not that great anyway-)There are actually many moral choices to do via conversations, the difference being here you dont get so harshly punished with -rep points if you decide to be a neutral evil guy via conversations.The combat encounters are obviously one of the best aspects, and it reaches its top notch in IWD2. Again I liked the battles here much more than in BG.If you played this game in the late 90s and liked them, or if you like this type of isometrical rpgs. this is a very good choice.I would say this game is better than BG 1, not as good as BG 2, and worst than Icewind Dale 2 (best of them all), but I recomend you all four (with Planescape: Torment on top with  a cherry)."
76561198073648775,Recommended,321800,12884810,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Suma,"I wish I had played Icewind Dale back in the day.  I probably would have enjoyed it more, but it's still okay by today's standards.  The game is dated, but it is still fun to create different parties and see how they advance in the brutal world of Icewind Dale.  It is very polished.  Just don't expect the graphics to be up to date and you'll be okay.  Don't zoom in!  It looks really bad!Also, the game can become tiresome.  You have to view every item and weapon you pick up and try to compare them to what you have already without any way to compare them.  It's okay for a while, but you get so many of the exact same items, armor & weapons, it starts to become cumbersome.That being said, it's still a great RPG game with a very strong emphasis on combat and less on story.  I only recommend this game to diehard D&D fans as well as hardcore RPG gamers able to look past the rough graphics, in exchange for awesome, but hardcore gameplay.  If you find it too hard, there's always Story mode! :-)PROS:+ Decent storyline+ Game runs very stable+ Tons of menu choices+ Story mode (God mode)+ Enhanced game menus+ Save your game at anytime+ Expansive, detailed character creation+ Great choice of D&D monsters to battle+ Less story, more combat driven gameplay+ Fast & fun turn-based battle system+ Create a party of up to 6 adventurers+ Many races & classes to choose from+ Old school RPG using D&D 2nd & 3rd edition rules+ Beautiful orchestrated music and realistic sound effectsCONS:- Hardcore gameplay- Game is a little expensive- Linear storyline & gameplay- The graphics are very dated- No way to compare items & weapons- Characters have minimal inventory slots- Sometimes slow & cumbersome gameplay- Super micromanagement of up to 6 party membersHere are my system specifications: Apple iMac, i5 Quad-Core Intel processor 3.1GHZ, AMD Radeon HD 6970M with 1GB dedicated video RAM, 4GB system RAM, 1TB hard drive running OS X version 10.6.8, Journaled HFS+ Extended file system."
76561198063310526,Recommended,321800,12884017,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,mayingth,"Icewind Dale is an awesome RPG. If you like old school RPG, like Baldur's Gate or Divninity, Original Sin, then you must not miss this game. However, Icewind Dale is not perfect and there are some parts of it I did not like: too simple battle, ugly user interface, and limited weapons and etc.Fortunately, most of them have been improved in Enhanced Icewind Dale though I haven't finished EE ID. Beamdog did an excellent job. By the improvement here and there, the game is definitely more playable per my perspective."
,Recommended,321800,32707133,Posted: 23 June,all,anthimatter,"This is just great - and hard as all get out - but great nonetheless. I think this format works best for party-based RPG-style games. I'd like to see more new games in this format - and most importantly, the Temple of Elemental Evil remastered, or just remade - because that is my favourite."
76561198007367816,Recommended,321800,22197402,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ronin16,"A great return to an excellent RPG.  Much more on the action side of things than the Baldur's Gate series, but the plot is still strong.  There is no inter-party friction, as you create all the characters yourself, which I appreciated (due to being able to set characters' abilities, skills and whatnot so that they are more efficient), but others who want to hear bickering or have love stories will be disappointed.  The game runs very smoothly, I have not encountered any errors or crashes after 8 hours of playing, which is a nice improvement over my attempts to patch over my original copy of Icewind Dale (rather mixed results there).  Combat is still extremely strong, with a focus on tactical placement of your party (doorways and other choke points are often key) and making the most out of a combined arms strategy; sending out six wizards or six fighters will likely end in death and frustration.The enhancements to the Infinity Engine are good, but if you want something that looks like The Order, you will be sorely disappointed.  Sprites are reused (the goblin butler being the same as the goblin raiders), and it does look like a 90s RPG.  For most of the fans this won't be a deal breaker, but if you look at the screen shots and don't like what you see, then you should know that those pictures are representative of what you will see in the game.If you want an RPG with most of the sensitivities of the Baldur's Gate series, but wished there was more combat and less Imoen, this is the droid you are looking for."
76561197989716933,Recommended,321800,30446590,Posted: 11 March,all,DonRadkos,"Icewind Dale eschews the focus on the narrative seen in Planescape Torment or Baldur's Gate in favour of using the story to present the player with increasingly complex combat encounters, making every fight almost like a puzzle.This is appearent right from the start as the game lets you create a full party from scratch.While the story is nothing to write home about all the other aspects of it's Infinite Engine cousing are present and accounted for, good voice acting, atmospheric music, beautiful areas for you to explore and ofcourse the combat, the game's forte is plentiful, exciting and difficult.Recommended for fans of cRPGs everywhere and remember...You must gather your party before venturing forth"
,Recommended,321800,20515698,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ghawblin,"Played this game when it first came out in 2001, and it's still beautifully optimized. 10/10.It's old school D&D (3.0) meets videogame."
76561198012992721,Recommended,321800,12756027,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,bwhite7777,So glad to see this one back - always one of my strong favorites. Came out in 98 or 99? but still holds up well today. Nice job.
76561198021710211,Recommended,321800,12757524,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Eaze,This game is a classic along with the Baldur's Gate games.  Great strategy and questing.  One of the better rpgs out there.
76561198159416995,Recommended,321800,21697987,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,GINGER_DiNERO,This is by far my most favored game.  Its very fun and holds to the Forgotten Realms lore. I never get tire of playing through. When I had the old version I must of played it through atleast 5 times. would recommend to anyone looking for a fun game with a GREAT storyline.
76561198044803765,Not Recommended,321800,20914119,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ChopShop,If you intend to take advantage of the Mods availible for this game (and I suggest you do). DO NOT BUY THE STEAM VERSION! Most MOD's will not Work! Buy it directly through BEAMDOG.
76561198118527643,Recommended,321800,14738215,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,MOTHER DICK,"The better part of my childhood was spent gaming. Mostly on X-com, D1 and D2, Warcraft titles and pretty much any other computer game out there. But I'll tell you. The most fun(Single player) I probably had was on these D&D inspired games such as BG, BG II and Icewind Dale.That being said. Beamdog has revamped these old classics, brought them to Steam, and pulled off an incredible job.I love this remastered game. New spells, interface, characters etc. On top of that you can ACTUALLY play with friends online instead of packing 4+ sweaty dudes into a room and having at it.It really feels to me that Beamdog should've made this to begin with instead of WotC. Not hating, but seriously. One of the best games I've played, EVER.Thank you for making me feel old guys and keep up the great work."
,Recommended,321800,12717084,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Bowman,A seriously awesome game.
76561197972563288,Recommended,321800,12744861,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,march1138,"I absolutely love this game, and the addition of an easy to use interface has brought this game closer to my heart. It works with 2 monitors to boot (Doesn't run in the middle of both monitors as the old one did). I'm finishing up this game and then wait for Icewind Dale II Enhanced Edition."
,Recommended,321800,21107749,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,The Poid Pipper,"Having played this game in its enhanced form, I definitely recommend this title to newcomers/non-enhanced players alike.One of the most unique aspects that distances this from the Baldur's Gate series is the fact you create you entire party. While this limits conversations and events between party members, you certainly have control of who you deem worthy in your party. Perhaps you decide to play through as a clan of barbarians or a circle of magi?If you are not sure whether or not to spend the whole $19.99, you can always wait for a sale to occur and pick the game up for $10. I believe either way, the game IS worth it!"
,Recommended,321800,14395150,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ExplosiveFirehawk,"Nearly get half- orc barbarian killed by beetles, along with my ranger.Spend five days in the inn recovering.Try to leave town.*Little Boy: I was fishing, whenmonstersattacked me!I alwayscatch thebiggest fish there!*Party: I'll kill the monsters and get your fish back.Go three feet, horde of goblins attack. I run around Easthaven, and eventually, only my ranger remains. I run from the goblins, and get killed by something that looked like a crossbreed between a cow and a wolf. I couldn't tell before I died."
,Recommended,321800,22748774,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Hugh Jass,"Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition... is an Enhanced Edition of Icewind Dale 1. Seriously, though, it’s a great game, and I’ll tell you why.Story and setting: The game’s setting is incredibly simple: Icewind Dale. It sits behind the Spine of the World, a mountain range that seperates Icewind Dale from the Sword Coast. As such, almost every single area in the game you explore will be covered with snow, although there are some exceptions, such as caves and dungeons deep underground. The areas are fairly small, smaller than in Western RPGs and maybe a little smaller than even most Japanese RPGs, but there large enough to reward the curious player that takes the time to explore every little nook and cranny. The story, while simple and clichéd, is pretty good considering that you have to create your own characters through character creation. Basically, you’re part of an expedition from Easthaven off to explore whatever troubles are plaguing Kuldahar, only bad things happen during the trip to Kuldahar and your party members are the only survivors of an avalanche. I really can’t say anymore without spoiling the story and, while it does have its clichés, it’s still better than the story in most RPGs, even by today’s standards, which doesn’t really amount to much.Gameplay: The game places far more emphasis on combat than on story, and you have to create your own characters, which means the only characterization for your characters is through the biography that you can create for them, and from the choices you choose in conversations. It’s not bad, though, (the story, I mean) nor is the gameplay, I just wish it wasn’t so Diablo-like. However, they added a new difficulty level, story mode, that makes your characters GODS so they can’t die and they whoop monsters easily. However, you still have to get enchanted weapons and armor if you want to harm or stand a chance against some of the monsters in the game. (Umber Hulks and Trolls spring to mind).Music: Runs the gamut from peaceful and soothing to eerie and ominous to DANGER! RUN LIKE A MUTHA!! All the music, or at least most of it, sets the mood perfectly (when it’s playing) and every single one of them fits in with the atmosphere perfectly.Graphics: Dude, the graphics are all the same from the original Icewind Dale, so if you’ve played that, you’ll know what you’re getting into. The only thing that was really changed about the graphics is the resolution. Each of the character models and weapon models and armor models all generally look like something you would expect to see in a fantasy RPG setting.Overall, yes, I recommend this game, but if you’ve played the original Icewind Dale, then wait for a sale, because there’s just not enough new content to justify spending $20 on a game that only got a few upgrades and hardly any new content. However, if you’re reading this and haven’t yet played Icewind Dale in any form, then yes, buy it at full price OR at a discount. Either way, I think you’ll like it if you liked Baldur’s Gate’s gameplay and don’t mind sacrificing story for combat and gameplay."
,Recommended,321800,18660964,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jim_Partridge,I've played Baldurs Gate before and Neverwinter Nights... and with both of them I gave up playing after the first chapter or so. Both were enjoyable but there was something missing there that is present in Icewind Dale. I can't put my finger on it but this is more enjoyable.Creating your party from scratch helps... you're not saddled with the baggage of any of the characters having their own story so you can just get on with the main plot without being distracted by too many side plots as we saw previously in Baldurs Gate.Each chapter takes place in a varied enough location with interesting maps and NPC's to interact with.Neverwinter Night's main campaign felt like a slog but here I'm always motivated to explore every nook and cranny.The story is engaging and well told while not exactly being shakespear there's enough to keep you interested and moving forward.Playing this game feels like diving into a really good novel. Perfect for lazy Sunday afternoons....
,Recommended,321800,32989055,Posted: 29 June,all,Marchella Von Erwood,"The game is excellent.  It'll kill a few hours and on the core difficulty setting won't really provide you with any battles that will require more than one or two rethinks.  Its certainly more action-based than Baldurs Gate and the traps aren't infuriating, one-kill affairs (save one or two).  The magic weapons are a lot more subtle and often very situational based on class or even race - though nothing is really left out - there is something for everyone.Exploration in this game is rather poor, though - its about as linear as the Seige of Dragonspear expansion for Baldurs Gate 1 and save for the odd easter egg\subquest, you won't really miss much going through the main storyline.  To compare with Baldurs Gate 1 - you'll feel very stifled as an adventurer. With a diminished Reputation system - the choices between good and evil are often inconsequential, save for limited roleplaying purposes (I'll leave that up to you if its a good or bad thing)The storyline, I think, is better than Baldurs Gate 1.  There isn't much I can really say here about that, as it would soil the experience for someone that hasn't played it yet.Having a party of player-made characters is a double-edged thing,  in my opinion. Having the discussions and interactions with other characters in Baldurs Gate was one of the highlights of the series.  That isn't available here and you have to generate all 6 heroes yourself which means your tailor-made party can really push the boundaries of the system.  I'll point out you could do this in Baldurs Gate 1 & 2 as well, so its not an advantage over Baldurs Gate.Good things- Action-Based, varied combat- All the classes are effective- All the weapon choices are valid- Great storyline- Easy to playBad things- Very limited exploration- Not much roleplaying involved- Frustrating ""point of no return"" near end of game- Enemy archers are far more lethal than hand-to-hand versions, to the point of feeling imbalanced- VERY short gameplay time, even working full-time you'd have it done in a weekIn summary.This game is perfect for a quick pick up game of D&D.  Its fun, if a little light on the roleplay.  Very short main storyline mode and the base difficulty exaggerates it.Still recommended. :)"
,Recommended,321800,34676468,Posted: 1 September,all,Astral Projection,"Recommended. Basically Baldur's Gate but in a different setting except:- you create all six party members- less dialog, more combat- you don't get XP for stuff like disarming traps or opening locks, just combat or questsThere's some challenging combats even on normal difficulty. If you like Dungeons & Dragons, min-maxing, crafting the perfect party, and crushing your enemies to see then scatter before you, then you cannot go wrong with this game.Minor gripes: occasional annoying pathing of characters, some possibly too large difficulty jumps in encounters (depending on your party composition), and a few minor glitches like ability hot keys randomly getting reset."
76561198037537401,Recommended,321800,31584851,Posted: 6 May,all,merchantman111,Classic game for all the murder hobos out there.
76561198047103908,Recommended,321800,23540494,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Gorgeous,"IWD -10\10;  EE quality - 9\10Who MUST buy and play this game: former IWD classic players, who doesn't want to hassle with mods and deal with their glitches of compatibilityWho CAN play this game: All the people wo just like RPG's and probably played some games on Infinity Engine, probably always dreamed about trying IWD, but didn't do it as of game being ""too old""Who CAN'T play this: Those guys who were born after the date of initial game release (1999) If you dateOfBirth>1999 and you are really not too interested in classic... sorry just move to another modern RPG."
76561198030940757,Recommended,321800,21398417,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,tiims,Good work as with BG1 & BG2 enhanced editions.
76561198074691072,Not Recommended,321800,16924393,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Larreate,"Note: I recommend the game, but don't recommend Ehanced Edition. The original Icewind Dale is a good game and you should try to play it.I really would want to love the game, but I cannot. I played in original Icewind Dale and can tell that IWD:EE has a very few differences from it, but will cost you almost twice (!) more! Let's look more closely on Enhanced Edition features:- widescreen support. A really good thing, but you can download widescreen mod for free (because it's free mod from fan of original game) and get the same result;- brand new interface. Yeah got it, it actually looks nice;- class system from BG2: new classes for characters, new spells. But even Beamdog themselves telling, that they didn't change game's balance for this new system, because ""IWD is a really hard game even without balance tweaks"". Still not convinced;- bugs. We cannot went from it, can we? IWD:EE has bugs, many people that give the game a negative review telling about that. Original game have fan fixpacks, Enhanced Edition haven't. I myself encountered a very annoying bug with all animations being very-very slow and it never was a problem with original.So I really cannot recommend the IWD:EE. Just buy the original one. It has pretty good tactical gameplay, marvellous mods, fun and challenging battles (battles are the center point of game, don't buy it if you don't like such things).Buy IWD:EE only if you have a good discount and you hate to mess around with mods. And maybe if you want to play your Icewind Dale on Android or iOS."
76561198144820027,Recommended,321800,13038453,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,domingos.sn,"Infinity Engine, back to it's glory :)"
76561198043908898,Recommended,321800,27742978,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Helios,"I was watching little pixel snowflakes fall near the shore of Lac Dinneshere in Easthaven, smoke curled from the chimneys of the scattered fishing huts and I thought, I'm back.  For many reasons, Icewind Dale is a remarkable gem, and the Enhanced Edition has brought it back with many improvements that allow the original to shine again.Character and party generation is still at the heart of IWD, and I spent a few hours crafting a party for my first new playthrough.  The choices and tradeoffs are interesting and the expanded selection of sub-classes was welcome.  Prior experience with D&D games and their complex rule sets will be helpful.  The incredible selection of skills, abilities, stats, voices, and class characteristics will forge characters that become distinct, powerful (if carefully crafted), and memorable after hours of adventuring.  The tradeoff however, is that IWD does not include fleshed out characters that can be recruited to your party like BG.The OST for this game perfectly conveys a sense of high adventure and enchantment in a far northern land and goes a long way toward immersing you in the environment.  It's one of my favorite soundtracks in any game.  I enjoy the voice acted NPCs as well, Hrothgar, Everard, and Arundel are just a few you'll meet along the way.  They impart a distinct flavor to this northern world and serve as capable loremasters and guides.The pre-rendered environments of the infinity engine are still beautiful, and though they have aged, the enhanced edition does what it can to sharpen them up.  The true magic of the environment however, is that it allows your imagination to run.  Sometimes, when the music was hitting just the right notes, I could almost smell the cold wind and hear the icey branches creaking in the frozen woodlands.  For a game set in such a frozen setting, I am always suprised by the variety of environments.  Cold and lonely mountain passes, molten dwarven forges, warm glades, icey temples, ancient elven fortresses, and necromantic dungeons all lay in wait for you to explore.The story is relatively simple compared with the highminded fare of BG, but it is interesting, well told, and woven neatly into the lore of the world.  The depth of the dialogue is still expansive and cohesive with interesting choices and optional interactions woven throughout based on your choices and the nature of your characters.Combat of course, is as tactical and deep as any party based D&D game.  If anything, IWD has more of an emphasis on combat.  You will have plenty of opportunities to flex your muscle.  IWD can be challenging if you are not prepared, but you are rewarded for careful planning, smart character design, and a methodical approach.  You'll be slaughtering skeletons, zombies, orcs, trolls, and all manner of beasts.It's good to be back adventuring along the Spine of the World.  IWD still weaves a subtle spell that manages to draw me in for hours at a time."
76561198031624161,Recommended,321800,28191815,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,(YONED!)NZgrumpyCatJared,"really enjoyed this game, After resently playing though the new addtions of baldurs gate 1/2 then throne of baal , desided to give icewind dale a go .If you enjoyed the 2 games mentioned above you will enjoy this one too , had alot of fun making a party and naming them after family members. It does'nt really change much from baldurs gate apart from being more combat focused"
76561198069159152,Recommended,321800,33964141,Posted: 1 August,all,wrb41977,"So the guys behind updating Balder's Gate to the Enhanced Edition decided to take on Icewind Dale. Having played this game before, I must say it looks beautiful. Unlike Baldur's Gate, you can create an entire party of individuals to take with you through your adventures.Now, I do wish they would add achievements... and if they could get to work on Icewind Dale 2, that would also be great..."
76561197998717797,Recommended,321800,18006423,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Khorne on the Kob,"Holy crap is this game great!My party consisted of:A Fighter - Main tank, dealt mega damage, and could take a lot of punishment. He got a nifty throwing axe in Chapter 4 that worked like a boomerang. Making him decent at ranged combat.A Palladin - Secondary tank, had a few off heals, could cure disease but was mainly a melee fighter, almost as good as the fighter with a few utility moves to compensate. Got a helmet in Chapter 5 that enabled him to cure paralysis once per day, god damn was that useful.A Cleric - Also used as an off tank, heavy armor, clubbed things with a morningstar, and had such an array of healing and support spells, some later spells enabled him to temporarilly fight with the effectiveness as a fighter.A Theif - used for scouting, trap detection and disarming, basic ranged attacks, but could also duel wield and do mega damage if attacking an enemy from behind. He got a lot of gear that increased his ability to hide in shadows, so by chapter 5 he was in a permanent form of semi stealth, which made it so enemies rarely noticed him and made his attacks all the more powerful.A Ranger - Crapped out the most damage with the longbow, and later a crossbow. She could also do great melee damage later on when I found a powerful halbred for her. Both her and the theif could not take much damage though.A Druid - Had a large array of offensive and healing spells, one of the most useful characters. Got a ring in Chapter 6 that enabled her to cast extra level 1 and 2 spells.That is what I love about the classes in this game, they are so versatile that you can fight in so many ways. There is so much strategy to the game its unreal, and the gear you get just feels so empowering for your party. Even then the game is hard as nails, and I wouldn't have it any other way.There are a few annoying things about the game though, most of the bosses are immune to ranged weapons, forcing my Ranger and theif to go melee, no matter what the hit rating was of my ranged weapons, the arrows just had no effect. Even if I used the special arrows that you can only get my killing certain enemies in the game, which you have to get identified before you can even use them; those are still not good enough to harm the bosses. And the last boss is immune to magic, so many boss fights just come down to either tank n spank, or kite and spank as most of the bosses will rip even my fighter a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you go toe to toe with them.Bare in mind, the game does not explain a lot of what the stats do, so let me just warn you:If you want anyone to do melee combat, they need dexterity to incrase their armor, or else they will be too easy to hit.Many ranged weapons have a strengthing requirement, make sure your ranger has atleast 15 strength.In anycase, the game is freaken great, and it will take a long time to beat if you've never played it before, I played the original until my computer broke when I was on chapter six, which took maybe 70-90 hours to get there, but I beat in now in 28 hours or so because I knew so much about the game.Replayability is moderate, there are a million ways to play, but its basically the same game over and over."
,Recommended,321800,34469913,Posted: 24 August,all,tieio,"One of the best RPG's out there, a shame there is no modern-day games like this with current looks and capabilities. Every RPG these days has turned into mindless dosh simulators, I miss games like this one when they were current. An excellent enhanced edition."
76561197971308505,Recommended,321800,28535495,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Swiskon,"The short story for this game is: Baldurs gate tactics. For those that do not understand that sentence I will give a quick rundown.This is a classic western RPG set in magical European medieval times. But up north. You mean like north as in Denmark? No, I mean actual fudging north you♥♥♥♥♥ The story and characters are secondary to the gameplay in this old masterpiece. First of, you create your whole team of 6 by yourself. You won’t meet up with interesting people to join you on the way. The only personality they have is their chosen voices with different phrases and whatever your imagination puts on them. The story is classic, quite good but also not really epic or personal.The gameplay here is loaded with dungeons and fields of enemies. You more or less just walk through battle after battle. This is slightly tedious but they have a good way of putting forth different challenges. There is enemies that need specific element to die. Enemies that ignore magical weapons. Enemies that ignore regular weapons. Tight corridors with enemies and traps. Big open rooms with dozens of easy ones. Rooms with just a few strong ones. So on and so on.If you haven't played Baldurs gate then I recommend you to first try that game. If you like that, then this game is for you.PS: It works on LINUX!"
76561198080510066,Recommended,321800,12957021,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Like a Samboodee,"Great game, can't wait for IWD2 Enhanced Edition.If you were born in the 90's and still haven't bought this game then what are you doing?! :DI will give this a 9/10. The reason it is not 10/10 is because of the AI pathing, sometimes it is a bit annoying but otherwise a masterpiece!"
76561198018461694,Recommended,321800,23265065,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Therdre,"A lot of people say nostalgia isn't always as good as it seems, but in the case of Icewind Dale it's just as good if not even more enjoyable as when I played it as a kid.  All of the enhanced edition features are great and the game is well worth the buy."
76561198035391503,Recommended,321800,31064947,Posted: 10 April,all,lagrie,"As all the infinity Engine classics.As One of the best Crpg's made.A great experience, more combat focussed then BG1 and BG2, but allot to do.Exploring, the characters, the lore and that perfect classic feel.A great game for the rpg fan."
,Recommended,321800,33024862,Posted: 29 June,all,Vallux,"Icewind Dale Enhanced Edition is a timeless classic.  The enhanced edition adds character classes, spells, and items to an already great game, making this dungeon crawler an RPG to remember.If you are a longtime fan, you will find a lot of new touches and bug fixes that will give another play through new life.  I think these changes really add to the game, and give a lot of variety where it was somewhat lacking.If you are new to the series, this game is awesome.  The soundtrack is epic, and the combat is challenging and non-stop.There is no companion party interaction, and you actually make 6 characters instead of finding people along the way.  Even though some may be upset about this, I actually found it refreshing.  I enjoyed making 6 characters instead of the usual 1 and writing their back stories and roleplaying all of them was entertaining.The character and enemy graphics are dated, but the maps and backgrounds still look great.  The character portraits are awesome and well detailed just like they originally were.There is a good story here, but it is not along the lines of Baldur's Gate 2 or Pillars of Eternity.  I would compare it more to Baldur's Gate 1.This edition comes with all of the DLC which is a nice addition to the package.I had no problems with bugs, and I never encountered a single one in my entire playthrough.I am still hoping they make an Icewind Dale 2 EE one of these days."
76561198045118691,Recommended,321800,25196844,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Scarface,"In comparison to BG: EE and BG2: EE, I would recommend Icewind Dale because you can make your whole party and don't have to suffer through terrible Beamdog characters and writing. It is modernized and smoother than the original, and aside from the smoking out of the Heart of Winter old ladies breasts (very funny by the way, I guess nudity is worse than a human exploding into 100 pieces of bloody flesh) they left it untouched. Wait for a sale and snatch this one up."
,Recommended,321800,34317211,Posted: 17 August,all,Swingletree(Simon),Multiplayer works better than BG1:EE and BG2:EE. Played through the whole thing in co-op with no serious problems at all.
76561198117368262,Recommended,321800,13166000,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Chiller,"Played all the baldurs gates back when they first came out, played icewind dale back when, the games are awsome! Icewind Dale is still great but they need to patch this game severly, too many bugs. Characters do the opposite of what you command them to do. For example i have to keep a constant eye on my mage, will have her cast fireball (or any spell),and i see the fireball symbol above her miniture pic indicating that she is in casting mode,and instead she pulls her dagger out and runs in like a fighter with only 30hitpoints and 4 armor class. Suicide! and this happens too often to the point that it makes me stop playing after awhile, this also happens with other characters. also characters freeze up in casting mode too often, characters stuck in place walking and left behind on the map by other rest of party,characters scrypt issue,fighter characters will juft stop fighting before killing target for no reason and just standing there like a sitting duck taking damage, ill regive command to hit that same target, and he will start to swing his sword again.. but then again he will stop before target is dead.. yeah the annoying,fustrated feeling when you play this game takes the fun out"
76561198102239401,Recommended,321800,12749408,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,BULLDICK83,"So awesome that this game has been brought to Steam and it is now Enhanced! New classes thanks to the expansions that are included. The game seems alot more difficult than what I remember, which is a good thing! I definitely recommend this game to all fellow medieval fantasy enthusiasts and lovers of the Forgotten Realms!"
,Recommended,321800,21051070,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,HELLruler,"Explendid game! Interesting story, good balance and challenge. Heart of Winter is also well worth playing"
76561198202943600,Recommended,321800,29706103,Posted: 4 February,all,PolluxTroy,I purchased this game for the nostalgia factor as I played it growing up. Happy to say that this game still holds up today as a solid rpg with many different ways to play (with all the different characters you can choose from) and a fun stat/level up system.
76561198040964973,Recommended,321800,12763568,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,topuklu,Excellent edition for an excellent classic RPG.
,Recommended,321800,21671492,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Krawl,This game will walk up grab you by your underwear hang you on a light pole in the dead of winter. Point and laugh as your butt freezes on the cold hard steel and you'll still come back for more...and more!10/10
76561198322237091,Recommended,321800,24773315,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,PHAZSHIFTER,"Probably the best ever isometric D&D rules, turn based game out there. Replayable as ♥♥♥♥ too !"
,Recommended,321800,24242756,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nightmare!,"One of the finest examples of the early century Infinity Engine WCRPG available. Staged on Faerun, within the Forgotten Realms setting of Dungeons and Dragons, the world encompasses traditional high fantasy better than perhaps any other. Deep tactical combat, coupled with rich, captivating atmosphere makes this game a pure winner. In fact, this is the perfect game to curl up with on a rainy night.The new enhanced version doesn't have better graphics and it doesn't seem to have any of the old bugs ironed out but the multiplayer works perfectly now and that adds a new dimension to the fun. The game has multiple difficulty modes and comes with two expansion components, including Heart of Winter. Trials of the Luremaster is freeware/abandonware online and you can probably find that for this game also. If you're like me, you have the old jewel case on the shelf and you've already logged 120+ hours in the original, this game is definitely worth checking out. Steam only makes this venerable franchise better.Highest possible recommendation.9/10."
76561198069207409,Recommended,321800,28050403,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Weliares,One of the best RPG expirience!
,Recommended,321800,14616150,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,squall-sx-,One of the great RPG's. It has an intriguing story that promises a lot of late nights.
,Recommended,321800,21117645,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DoomKloq,"Classic RPG game from WOTC.  If you like D&D, you should give this one a try.  It's a little older, but don't let that scare you away.  It has a great storyline, and it's a lot of fun creating 6 different characters and watching them advance.  You can pick this thing up for a steal when it's on sale, so you can't really go wrong."
76561198144365023,Recommended,321800,15315356,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,rado907,"IWDEE is a fine re-release of a classic title that plays every bit as well today as it did fifteen years ago.The focus in IWDEE is your party. You get to have up to six characters customizable to the max under the D&D2.5 rules as interpreted in BG2. You get to have all sorts of classes, kits, dual- and multi-classing, hundreds of spells, and awesome loot.You can make a humdrum balanced party and stroll through the frozen north; or you can try to solo the game as a godly Kensai-Mage; or you can roll a Bonny-and-Clide two-character party of a dude and his gal; or you can try to minimax with six triple-classers (as a fellow at Gamefaqs did); you can do whatever you want.The game is mostly a linear dungeon crawl, with fine dungeons, great loot, and wonderful graphics.Beamdog's port is excellent - the game runs without a hitch, loading times are non-existent, a zooming feature has been added, and the two add-ons to the original IWD are included in the package.You get to have the satisfaction of slaying a dragon as a fitting culmination of your adventures.Awesome game, 10/10. Looking forward to Beamdog's next projects!"
76561198004663414,Recommended,321800,12973528,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,GusChiggins,"This is how RPGs should be, no watered down nonsense like Skyrim. Great implementation of AD&D 2.5."
,Recommended,321800,28182213,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Iain,"Great game, pickup if you are a fan of the Baldurs gate series. In my opinion this game deserves achievments.10/10 nostalgia is great."
76561198143501091,Recommended,321800,33051412,Posted: 30 June,all,EnormousPun,"The party's AI is a huge detractor. Too much energy goes into keeping party members from rushing off to their death. Luckily, the option to turn the ai off had eluded me though and after turning it off, I rediscovered a childhood fav."
76561197981776314,Recommended,321800,14716039,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,skraig1,IWD is a classic game. I enjoyed it back when it came out and enjoyed it more when it returned. On modern hardware the game is small and fast. The graphics are still pretty good and the artwork has a nice style.A great game for the price.
76561198006307827,Recommended,321800,15789774,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,=CHG= Calamity,-No game-breaking bugs that I came across yet.-Looks better-d&d11/10
,Recommended,321800,16732299,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,JamSquad,I got into this game way too much for 3 days straight.
76561198040751213,Recommended,321800,14239835,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Arch Osis,games like this are the reason why graphics dont mean everything 10/10
76561198085953612,Recommended,321800,15789134,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,LazyWeeb,"A more action based baldurs gate, I'm playing with a couple of friends, each one managing 2 characters that we created and it's a blast, just go ahead and pick it up nerd."
76561198009291811,Recommended,321800,13438488,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Aandeina,"A fantastic rendition of the classic table top game, AD&D. The only thing I would change about it is make it 3.0 or higher Edition."
76561198167212460,Recommended,321800,14357663,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,peter.fuchs.2,"If you enjoyed the Original, this version is just beautiful. Biggest plus: runs smooth as a kitten on linux. Well worth its price."
76561197967814186,Recommended,321800,14982391,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,edboots,"I played IWD and the expansion years ago when they first came out, long enough I forgot the story, so the IWD EE seemed like a new game.  I was very surprised how much fun I had with a game that's graphics were out of date by a long shot (although the EE version does look pretty good for an Infinity engine game), however the gameplay was still as great as it was all those years ago.  Totally worth every bit of time.  I can only hope they do an IWD 2 EE version."
,Recommended,321800,14956946,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SickTag,Classic AD&D game by the creaters of Baulder's Gate.  This game is now enhanced plus it also has the add on expansion from the original game.
76561198056274168,Recommended,321800,14979551,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,GypsySocks,"I've played this game for about 13 years, and it is still my favorite game of all time."
,Recommended,321800,12768807,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Shyn,"I am a big fan of Baldur's Gate and its sequel. I am also a big fan of Planescape: Torment.While it is true that Icewind Dale is more combat heavy and story light then those titles, it certanly does not make Icewind Dale any less intresting. I must admit I have never finished the original version of Icewind Dale, but I'm having more fun with this, then the latest big titles. Its familiar due to it being another infinity engine game, but absolutely new to me because I had never completed it.Beamdog did a pretty good job of enhancing the game. I love the quick loot bar, I love the zoom function, and I think the addition of the BG2 kits and spells is great. It would have been perfect if they would have added a minor expasion of home brew story content, just like Heart of Winter or Trials of the Luremasters did. But this isnt a perfect world, and IWD:EE is still worth the money if you want to scratch that D&D RPG itch.Its a game full of misunderstood yeti's.... 10/10"
,Recommended,321800,33896105,Posted: 29 July,all,HarpelD,"Fantastic game! You can do everything the game offers in about fifteen hours if you run through some areas, which I did. I found that stealth doesn't work as well as raw power, but it was still enjoyable nonetheless. I think the hordes are manageable if you have a couple of tanks in the party, and due to the weakness of the thieves, I found that multiclassing them made them way more effective. Mages are still rockstars, which I always appreciated from also playing BG and BGII. I wish they would do Icewind Dale II: Enhanced Edition!"
,Recommended,321800,25249879,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ToreDenStore,Only improvements from the original. I expecially like the extended armor class and THAC0 information.
76561197989366318,Recommended,321800,30604636,Posted: 18 March,all,WulfBane,"I don't know if I can recommend this game or not. It literally falls on the two extremes of playing fields: Super fun, and so absurd that I want to uninstall it.The story is a classic: Good vs Evil. In typical RPG fashion, the dialogue is good and the story compelling. Your characters will not want for lack of quests or adventure.The graphics are what you would expect from an RPG made in 2000. So don't be expecting too much.Combat is where the game struggles. The combat is fun and strategic, with your party of heroes battling the hordes of darkness. Except when it comes to boss battles. Then, instead of a fun strategic battle, you'll end up pulling hair out of your head in frustration more often then not. Many of the boss battles have dialogue before combat, meaning if you restart the combat, you have to go through the dialogue again. Not too tedious except when it's a battle requiring 1 hour worth of retries. ""1 hour?!"" You ask in horror. Indeed, 1 hour. You'll spend a lot of time buffing your characters for the boss battle only to begin it and have the enemy cast ""Dispel Magic"" on your characters, losing all that valuable buffing. Then the combat will generally devolve into chaos as your characters are constantly stunned or confused (thanks to not having buffs) and thus losing characters that you need to fight the boss. And then trying to buff in combat generally doesn't succeed except when you exploit the AI and begin using the character the boss targeted to run around in circles so the AI is occupied and you can buff the other members of your character.AI is another problem because your party has 2 options, auto mob rush the enemy or sit and not do anything, even if they're getting hit. Generally, I ended up with the latter and had to super micro everybody so I could actually employ spells and abilities without causing friendly fire. But this inevitably leads to focusing on a select few characters and not realizing some minion has taken a liking to other party members and kills them while you're unaware, thus resulting in a restart for the battle. And this typically happens during the boss battle when you're actually somehow winning.So like I said, I don't know if I can recommend the game or not. It's super fun when everything is going as you'd like from a computerized D&D session (even if it's the old D&D that uses THAC0). But on the flip side the boss battles make me want to uninstall the game everytime.But hey, I stuck through it and beat all the bosses. All their loot is belong to me."
76561198009411703,Recommended,321800,12703660,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Pazuzu,One simple word: OUTSTANDING!!!
76561198111088485,Recommended,321800,22655046,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kitten.ArinaMoon,I have enjoyed this game before steam but I am wondering when is someone going to release Icewind Ddale II for steam.
76561198031200133,Recommended,321800,14537623,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,cjahay5,"Have not played this game in ages, once it came to the store i bought it, and i have loved playing it. Now can we work on icewind dale 2? :D!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198073870341,Recommended,321800,33433231,Posted: 10 July,all,Axel The Red,"The A.I is horrible, the AD&D rules are an offence to logic and the combat system is terrible.But it can be a really fun game for the hardcore Dungeons & Dragons fans."
76561198100416408,Recommended,321800,21804976,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,christopherxmas,"Right off the bat, I am very much familiar with the original renditions of Icewind Dale and Baldur's Gate-- I spent countless hours as a teen back in the day in the 1990s playing the hell out of those games. They are among the most memorable games I have ever played and I still own the old CDs to this day just for nostalgia's sake. I have not been able to bring myself to throw them away even if they are now completely obselete with the current modern operating software on most PCs...nonetheless, they are like valued memories from my childhood. So, with that up front statement, I am completely biased from the start when it comes to this game and thus I do not know how much this review should be valued for a newcomer to this old franchise.Beamdog... you're already preaching to a complete zealot on all things in this franchise, so I'm going to be throwing more money at you as long as you keep these games coming. I'm a happy camper so far.If you're big into graphics, the engine is looking like, well, that it's from the 90s. There are prettier isometric games out there on the market. Still, the maps and surroundings look decent enough (considering the game's age) and if you're not big into graphics, well, who cares, right? Character animations and general appearance is pretty basic. Again, nothing special here.Story-wise, the plot is laid on very thin as an excuse for your party to be out there marching about. Let's be honest: this game is pretty much all about hack n' slash, getting loot and boosting your chraracters. If you want more of an engaging story, more character interactions, more decision making and more rpg elements, go for the Baldur's Gate I or II routes. IceWind Dale is purely a dungeon crawler... your choices are purely tactical and combat oriented. Actual towns or cities or interesting NPCs are scarce in this game-- indeed, most NPCs will just repeat the same lines over and over.Again, for the folks who are heavy on RPG elements such as chracterization (i.e living, breathing characters), check out the Baldur's Gate installments instead. Your party of six custom created characters can feel bland at times with no backstory, no interaction with each other and a more limited series of voiced comments this time around. Still, if you have a fertile imagination you can brew up your own back stories for each character and come up with reasons for them banding together.My story: my party is entirely consisting of evil aligned characters who are essentially a mercenary band who charge a fee for their services. They are there to make some cash; an escaped male drow elf former slave fighter who has nothing but hate in return for a lifetime of forced servitude to the matriarchal Drow community, Krogan Bloodaxe (the same bloodthirsty Duergar dwarf from Baldur's Gate 2), a grave robbing necromancer, Kurgan (Blackguard class) from the Highlander films and moxy Morrigan from Dragon's Age. So, as you can see, with some imagination and the ability to use your own custom portraits, you can make your party of six yours and original.I actually adore the Icewind Dale series because you get to create your entire party from scratch. Whereas the Baldur's Gate series only allows you to create the main character. You then have to recruit others during the campaign, many of them having crappy stats or just not fitting with your character (i.e having evil and good aligned characters can cause conflict, having evil recruitable characters be the weaker choice compared to the good-aligned characters etc).This is where this game completely outshines even the more recent additions to the isometric gaming genre: The sheer number of options at the character creation phase of the game available to you. Lots of races and lots of classes and specializations for each class to choose from (you can even multi-class and dual class if you can't make up your mind)... it took me about three hours just to decide on the cast of colourful characters that I was going to bring along with me on this adventure (this includes searching the internet for cool portrait pictures). Sure, not everyone is as fussy about the finer points of character creation such as myself, however you will have to think strategically when assembling your party if you're using the higher difficulty levels. This in itself is pure fun.This leads me into the game's other strong point: deep, tactical combat. This is a thinking person's game and not some pointless, grinding button masher. There have been endless arguments, debates and waves of volumes of material since the 90s dedicated to the best combination of classes and races for your party. Don't believe me? Do a quick search on the net.All this said, this game may be just for you if you like what you have read.My thanks again to you Beamdog for getting me back in touch with such a work of art!"
76561198324726249,Recommended,321800,29002379,Posted: 4 January,all,inkedpitbull,"Good game, fun to play."
,Recommended,321800,24508007,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Lady Crimson,"NOTE: To Play Multi-Player you need to know the IP address.. the easier one that beamdog provides is actually a pain for certain computers, like my own.. and will give you weird disconnects.. but alternatives DO work!It's great, it has nostalgia.. has all the good new stuff too.Con: It's not Baldurs gate 2.. expect more dungeon than story (or NPC's.. because it's all you now), but a good go with friends."
,Recommended,321800,16017052,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SN4KE_PL1SSK3N,Classic RPG. Best of the beamdog Enhanced Editions. For BG1&2 it's still better playing BG Tutu rather than their enhanced counterparts (look it up) but this one will do nicely.Adding custom soundsets is a bit tricky though so beware.
,Recommended,321800,15401010,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,Not my type of RPG but still a decent game.6/10
76561198256229483,Recommended,321800,32381344,Posted: 12 June,all,Like Hod,It isn't as good as Baldur's Gate but what is?
76561198079423458,Recommended,321800,30229047,Posted: 27 February,all,Lord EpicFail,"Great game. Pretty user friendly, and easy enough to play.More classes then the normal version.Needs Achivements though. It'd make the game a little more rewarding to play.8.7/10Run the entire game as a solo Fighter/Cleric."
,Recommended,321800,16515961,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Matty,"This EE is a fantastic update to a classic game.  Keep in mind that IWD is more combat and tactics based than Baldur's Gate, you won't find a deep story or character interactions but the world of northern Faerun is an amazing place I love to visit from time to time via this game.This EE incorporates the updated D&D ruleset used in BG2 which includes the advanced class kits which are a lot of fun to play around with in IWD since you get the opportunity to make all 1 to 6 characters in the party."
,Recommended,321800,16397446,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,duck with a sharingan,"Basically, more dungeon crawling, less strutting around towns.Baldur's Gate 1/2 still reign supreme but once you finish them, you want more. IWD:EE is what you turn to in that moment.The varied environments, classic isometric gameplay, huge spellbook, ton of items and the fact that it's possessive of the same atmosphere that made Baldur's Gate so enjoyable make it a purchase immune to buyer's remorse.But still it's slightly lacking story in that it gives you the feeling of chasing a red dot. Your objective is always one step ahead of you, or conveniently moved somewhere else five minutes before you arrived. That, and the lack of towns and all the interaction they bring, lower the final score. It makes the adventure seem to drag on a bit. Which is a shame.If BG1/2:EE are a 9, IWD is a 7.5. A solid experience but not quite as good as."
,Recommended,321800,16523688,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,hentai_priest,"15 years later, Infinity Engine games still play great — better, in fact, than many of their modern counterparts.Also, co-op multiplayer!"
76561198016735960,Recommended,321800,16555456,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dworvin,This is my favorit video game since I was 12 back in 2004 now being on steam the game is even better since you can simply play with your friend and it being a digital coppy I don't have to worry about it wearing out like my 3 other cd coppies.
76561198009173518,Recommended,321800,15701634,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Something completely different,"I concur with other positive reviews about nostalgia, a wealth of things to explore and a difficulty that makes you take this game serious from the start or goblins will kill you.I heartily recommand this game to any DND fan, especially if you know the second edition (whose character creation rules are entirely differant from 3e and onwards, for exemple most stats don't matter at all (or very little) between scores of 8 and 14.)The only source of frusteration in this game to me is the pathing. If you have a game with a wealth of dungeons and caves and crypts full of small tunnels and rooms it's decidedly not amusing to see the group split up when you send them the same way, when characters who are supposed to stay in the back of the formation run ahead and subsequently get blocked by the melee characters when an enemy strikes because they can't get past them.It's also not amusing when goblins kill the paladin while the cleric, who is told to go and heal the paladin, gets stuck behind the rogue while there is plenty of room to go besides him left and right and instead of going around just stands there humping the rogue while the paladin dies. It's hard to control six characters when things like this happen.But that, while aggrevating, is the only real thing I find really frusterating about the game so I'd still recommand it, though not as heartily as I would if the pathing was a little better."
,Recommended,321800,15793290,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,bonertron69,"10 hours in, and I've remade my party about a dozen times, and I still can't make it out of the orc cave in the prologue. To be frank, this is the first RPG of this style I've ever played, but so far I absolutely love it. This game is ""Super Nintendo Hard"" , but I really wouldn't have it any other way.10/10 would die in the prologue again."
,Recommended,321800,31506692,Posted: 2 May,all,Dolraeth,"I think this edition is more oriented towards the younger players, that weren't around when this game first released.If you have the original edition, or care to hunt for an old copy (that should be dirt cheap), this edition isn't necessary (as long as you can stand the old graphics, meant for a 640x480 screen at the turn of the millennium).Yeah, now we have the character-building options from Baldur's Gate 2 here, but is it necessary? It also features a ""Story Mode"" where you are invincible, but isn't the fun about these games to beat the overpowered foes yourself with your own tactics? At the very least, while not sucking, the storyline is very passable, so it's more like a D&D battle simulator. If you like the Forgotten Realms, however, this story may pique you.Bottom line, the game is good (albeit old) but Beamdog's modding is pretty uncalled for.Still, the largest shortcoming is that you don't have Steam Cloud for your saved games, so if your computer has a problem and you lose your data, you're screwed. So be sure to either make a quick run through the game, or store your saved games in a safe place."
76561198055756611,Recommended,321800,24029810,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,miller713,So ime 14 hours in and all i have to say is keep the good time going. This game may not have the best graphics but it has a freaking good story and you can custom you carters really well. Get it on sail you will not wont a refund.Come on you know you wont to :p
76561197994075285,Recommended,321800,16073616,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,aldristavan,"Really loved going back to Icewind Dale with this new Enhanced Edition. Definitely enjoyed the mouse wheel zoom, scaling resolution display, and the multiple tweaks to the user interface & player options. Having played through this numerous times before but not in many years, I really liked the Story Mode (invulnerable, +100% xp)."
,Recommended,321800,14931965,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Nick Mead,Feeling the nostalgia
76561197995161943,Recommended,321800,18024601,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,hamunaptra,Great enhancments.  Love what was done.
76561197960658876,Recommended,321800,18026011,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,lossblood,love it!
76561198079390506,Recommended,321800,18050817,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Alberr89,Evergreen like Baldur's Gate II: Shadow of the Amn. Story more linear less choices
,Recommended,321800,19744665,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,wintermute6669,"This is the version of icewind dale I always dreamed about having while growing up. I always wanted to play the game with all the crazy class options in the badlurs gate games and now I can. The game isnt exactly balanced for them, but it was a pretty easy and unbalanced game anyways so nothing is lost."
76561198007690742,Recommended,321800,19839129,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,finngrove,"Not as good as Baldurs Gate, but a nice intermezzo. Some fights are very hard to do, with a steep learning curve.Would buy again!"
76561197990808545,Recommended,321800,20011467,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BakasBeware,Classic RPG. Not for the faint of heart or one lacking in patience.
76561198057849140,Recommended,321800,22567259,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Aeon,"Loved this game as a child. A mission based game, where baldurs gate was more open and focus on exploration this was the game where you created all your characters from scratch and gave your team a try. Pressing the ""reroll"" button nlimit times for attributs until you have the perfect characters.Dough, since you are low level characters the ability to configure your stats after the hero is created is very limited. I think it's only the mage (or sorc (added in EE)) and the rouge (thief) that have the possibility to actualy pick something useful each level. The rest just level up (more hp - more damage). Luckily that was well improved in Icewind Dale 2.Still, it is a good game and worth playing through. If only reason is to play the more surperior game IwD 2 or playing the very good dlcs. Like trial of the luremaster."
76561198271476021,Recommended,321800,30934162,Posted: 3 April,all,Xeroshi,Its not bad
,Recommended,321800,28614582,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Asgrim,"Classic game here. Great story, great dynamics and everything. Love it!"
,Recommended,321800,28847325,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,xeraga,"en pocas palabras: auténtico Rol de la Vieja Escuela... ya de entrada la elección de los personajes que conformaran el grupo que vas a llevar es sumamente importante, y hace falta conseguir un equilibrio entre las clases y habilidades de que dispones...después el juego ya te va llevando de ""mazmorra"" en ""mazmorra"" y la aventura se va desarrollando, y además de la línea argumental, también te aparecen pequeñas misiones si hablas con los personajes que te encuentras (no todos) que pueden añadir información o incluso tener que ver con la historia principal...como he dicho al principio, un auténtico juego de Rol de la Vieja Escuela...y también un auténtico juego de mazmorras o juego de exploración de mazmorras (dungeon crawl, que traducido del inglés viene a decirnos que avancemos lentamente por la mazmorra»)..."
,Recommended,321800,18569656,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ZombieCo,Dude... Its dungeons and dragons.-Would take an arrow to the knee again.
76561198170605491,Recommended,321800,33439803,Posted: 10 July,all,Xelam13,"I was going to give you like many reasons to buy this game, many reasons indeed, and full of good arguments but instead i will just put some lyrics from the great song ""I want my RPG"" from miracle of sound, that I think will be much more persuasive.-We gotta write these ten thousand lines-We gotta add reactivity-y-y-y-We gotta add some consequences-Because we love REAL RPGs"
76561198119599233,Recommended,321800,24410779,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,protical10,Challenging but fun once you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,321800,13889961,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Perotyn,"i truly forgot how difficult this game is! hahaha, ive played icewind dale I and II years back, then i started playing mmos like WoW and RIFT. now im back to this game, i died 5 min in because of the goblins at the beginning. still one of my favorite games. so happy this is back. :)"
76561198042662296,Recommended,321800,13910842,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Oats Monster,"9/10 bretty gudGreat AD&D character customization and usage of rules, only downside is very little graphical customization.This game is fun but not pretty."
,Recommended,321800,14523041,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,PhantomDeuce,"Yup, more Infinity Engine goodness.  The W looks like boobies."
76561198092858848,Recommended,321800,13420837,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Desanea,"It`s good to be back to this classic game.  For novices the 2nd edition learning curve could be a little difficult (I`m looking at you, THACO) but this old-school dungeon crawl is well worth it."
,Recommended,321800,13590252,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cobra Commander,"What a great game! Anyone who is a fan of D&D style RPG will love this game. Also check out Baldur's Gate, and Neverwinter Nights."
76561198138030787,Recommended,321800,13998325,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,smyth25,"I am one of those people who never played the original IWD, and I started out playing Baldur's Gate, but I must say I was (and still am) very entertained and intrigued by the game. I like that it contains a variety of different spells and magical Items to play around with and has new options gameplay wise, such as a 6 person party. I found it generally more challenging compared to Baldur's Gate mainly because harder things were thrown at you early in the game (such as Vale of Shadows and Dragon's Eye) but story mode is an option to play by.As a stand-alone game Icewind Dale Enhanced Edition is a very good example of a good DnD game, it abides by the 2nd edition DnD rules which means your actions are often made on a roll of 20, making it interesting and never quite the same every time. It's very interactive as it gives you many different options such as quests and who you can talk to, it's the sort of game that shows you should try and interact with everything just in case you find something really good.Overall since I didn't play the original it's hard to compare that to Beamdog's enhanced edition but it is relatively bug free and a good game experience and I highly recommend for any enjoyers of role play DnD games. Happy Gaming!"
76561197967010396,Recommended,321800,14198642,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Gearhead,"Every bit as good as the old game. Would recommend for any RPG fans out there, even if you've never played any of the original games."
,Recommended,321800,14339431,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Jumping Freak,"When the big bad does story exposition you get to tell him ""As interesting as I find yout musings on various topics ranging from the nature of justice to the history of the world, I'd really appreciate it if you'd quit rambling. Thanks.""Less videogame than titles like NWN2, but in exxchange it feels very much like a P&P game, including humor :)"
,Recommended,321800,14860300,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,rommel921,"wonderful game, waiting for IWD 2!!!"
76561198049574869,Recommended,321800,14035886,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Careless Reaper (Lara),"This, along with Baldur's Gate I and II were by far my favorite true-to-its-name RPGs. With a combat style like baldur's gate (turn based, DnD style) and a class/race system of Baldur's Gate II, this game is quite amazing.You play as a party of six that you create races diversing from human to elf, to dwarf to gnome to halfling (hobbit) with classes from warrior to ranger to thief your party levels and goes along the really well written story line of the game across the Spine of the World in Northern Faerun. However, the graphics are NOT to be seen as ""eyecandy"" except some of the scenery, it's an old game, it's to be expected. BUT, the gameplay and story is where this game is at.If you like hard-core DnD style RPGs, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,321800,14266353,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Tally,"BG:EE and BG2:EE, minus plot and NPCS, plus more combat. Don't go into the game expecting a rich story, but do expect to have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by the unforgiving 2e ruleset.Also, for once Bards are extremely powerful. Always a plus in my book."
76561198066507887,Recommended,321800,34028788,Posted: 4 August,all,jacobup74,Love this game I just wanted to know when are you going to ever put steam achievements in Icewind Dale just curious?
76561198017561364,Recommended,321800,22208530,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[SCZ]Celestrian,"came for the killing, stayed for the story. also i killed a lot.also the dev didnt f*ck up the graphics like they did with bg1+2ee."
76561197987073505,Recommended,321800,15735986,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Leafar,Dice Rolling Simulator10/10 Still making my chracters
,Recommended,321800,19910692,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Nynros Vorlon,"Well done indeed  and there is even  more ""The Infinity Collection""(http://store.steampowered.com/bundle/380)"
76561198108260820,Recommended,321800,15271274,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,marypippert,I love this game.
76561198004904914,Recommended,321800,22586714,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,bobjones522,A very good game - like the less-talented little brother to Baldur's Gate 2.
,Recommended,321800,22234177,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,enixmalichite,loved this game when i had it as a kid. love it even more now that it has the enhanced edition. beamdog will you guys make a IWD 2 enhanced edition too. and maybe a planescape torment enhanced edition!!
,Recommended,321800,21224439,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,shunter,"Quite nice, but a little difficult to get back into after all these years :)"
,Recommended,321800,21394161,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"Not as good as Baldure's Gate, but still really great. Lots of fights. Dialogue and plot are great, just not much of it."
76561198057042089,Recommended,321800,21614896,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,NotJay,This game is ♥♥♥♥in good.
76561197978675481,Recommended,321800,18438198,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,RYN,Classic.
,Recommended,321800,15842513,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Dank Quixote,Saving before resting. Saving before battle. Saving after battle. Save your game. Some of the other mechanics are a bit hard to learn like thief mechanics (snares are amazing and always press hide in shadows before entering a room). Spellcasters need a couple levels to be any use against more than a couple enemies so pick some weapon support (archers are way OP at start). After you get past those first few brutally hard fights pulling a couple enemies at a time this game is SO rewarding.  Hardcore rpg goodness.
76561198028115215,Recommended,321800,16672805,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Serf de Lyonesse,This game is amazing! 5/5
76561198047384882,Recommended,321800,16590089,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"This was once a follow-up to Baldurs Gate and Planescape, and was fun at the time.But while I enjoyed a recent replay of BG: SoA EE, I liked Icewind Dale EE much less.I guess this game now is simply aged to much, concerning graphical presentation and UI design.If you liked Baldurs Gate, Planescape or other of those old-school games you may still like it. If you get it on Sale, it might still be worth it, but don't expect 2015 graphical whiz-bang."
76561198123258008,Recommended,321800,15765551,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,marijan773,"Played it 8 hours in a row on the first day, it's amost 4 am now. Best-day-evaaaaaa!!!! Old school isometric RPG for old school nerdy schmucks like us. A warm recommenation from me and this is not just nostalgia speaking! :)"
76561198024928499,Recommended,321800,14106522,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,damnit dale,TFW an 81 starts to look like a good number
,Recommended,321800,15817450,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Shiny and Chrome,"I'd never played through Baldur's Gate nor did I play Icewind Dale previous to getting the enhanced version.  So far the game has great music, a wide selection of classes, and approaches to creating parties, and has good voiceacting and writing.  A lot of the dialogue can be discarded as not useful - but the less you read the more likely you are to be confused later.  The mechanics are really dense so don't let that scare you off.  Do a little reading, or watch some video, and that should prepare you for a gloomy story and dangerous combat encounters that often leave you wondering WTF happened.  Great game, not for the impatient or weak willed type though."
76561198011322415,Recommended,321800,16187150,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,krugger,"This is an excelent RPG. Feels like Baldur's Gate. It can be sometimes a bit difficult, but if you have right gear you can pull through.The enhanced edition brings the Heart of Winter expansion."
76561198057232803,Recommended,321800,16636098,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Obergruppenfuhrer Sargent,I own 8 copies of this game. I've been playing it since 2008. I still can't beat it xD Fire beetles. I also can't beat Icewind Dale 2. But I have beaten all the other Wizards of the Coast games. And this is why the Icewind Dale set is my favorite. I love pickpocketting the townsfolk. They don't deserve their goods.
76561197964697274,Recommended,321800,16672313,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,knas,"EE versions run smoothly, have a bunch of extra content, both NPCs and areas, does MP w/o hassle and has some nifty new features like the loot mechanic. Definately worthy of your money."
76561197967437662,Recommended,321800,16724659,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,BlazinJ,Ahhh the memories
76561198108418112,Recommended,321800,17361230,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,CONstipated CONman,1 of my all time favorite games
,Recommended,321800,25836225,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RayFinkle,"This is what many ""RPG's"" throw out today should take notes from"
76561198028189101,Recommended,321800,33790170,Posted: 25 July,all,MrBrown,Just made me want to play the original.
,Recommended,321800,33461881,Posted: 11 July,all,boriqua00,This game is amazing!!!
,Recommended,321800,20658584,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Some Flog,This game is rad.
,Recommended,321800,15695008,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,The Prince That Was Promised,ICEWIND DALE
,Recommended,321800,17363104,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,oygn,Amazing classic.
76561198086243694,Recommended,321800,21745921,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,kroduc,i like it
76561198052372228,Not Recommended,321800,33956599,Posted: 1 August,all,Chillearth,Unable to play the game on windows 10. Movement is about 10 secs to move one inch on the screen. That is after changes to the .ini file to up the framerate to 60 and other recommended adjustments.
76561198044067013,Recommended,321800,25349341,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Scott,Absolutly love this game and for the price well worth the purchase
,Recommended,321800,30394560,Posted: 8 March,all,ChangosMuertos,great game.
,Recommended,321800,30385996,Posted: 7 March,all,Option,One of my favorite games of all time. This is my childhood.10/10
,Recommended,321800,15656870,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Vengeance,"Played it for the third o fourth time, but the enhnced edition is much much better the original one. With the classic and true spirit of D&D in the Forgotten Realms (2,5° edition). Greatly recommend it!"
76561198078953045,Recommended,321800,16807675,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,e@g|3,- Great story- Nice locations- Comfortable gameplayI personally think Icewind Dale is better than Baldurs Gate 1 but a little worse than Baldurs Gate 2. I definitely recommand this great game.
76561198006463711,Recommended,321800,15763120,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tropicdragon,I recommend this game but won't post a review. Deal with it.
76561198055972852,Recommended,321800,12711250,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Krytie TV,Leaves Divinity OS and Wastland 2 in the dust.
76561198071689614,Not Recommended,321800,13002691,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Mystic Exarch,"It's a pretty good game if you like D&D and/or tactical RPG's. You get to make a party of 6 characters so there is a lot of roleplaying elements as far as that goes. It has a decent story and provdes good dungeon-crawler gameplay with item management.Be warned though: the first part sucks. That's because low-level characters in 2nd edition D&D are essentially wet noodles. Here is how the game is for the first 2 chapters:Easy difficulty: every enemy dies 1 one hit and you always hit. Never get hit.Normal difficulty: 40% chance to stealth = 0% chance to stealth. Hit enemies 50% of the time and get hit 100% of the time. You die in 1 hit.Core Rules Difficulty and Beyond: impossible.The difference between the difficulties decreases when you get higher level though. Just be warned that you have to slog through boring luck based gameplay for a bit before it actually becomes tactical. I think the rules are a poor adoption of real life pnp D&D because I never had this problem while playing pnp.EDIT: I wrote the review a bit hastily. I came back to it and tried to play all the way through. Let me just say this game is not what I remember it was. The whole thing is one long dungeon crawl with plot points that are really thinly veiled exuses to send the party off to another ridiculously long dungeon crawl where you hack your way through 1,000 interchangable enemies such as skeletons, lizard men, whatever ""the new flavor of the day"" is. You'll go in, clear a few rooms, then have to run all the way back through town, which sometimes 10 or more minutes over several layers of dungeons to rest and/or buy stuff.It's the most boring gameplay for an RPG I've ever seen. At least Diablo had town portals and refilling mana bars so you don't have to rest. I don't know why I ever thought this game was good back when I was a kid. I'm guessing it was probably because I hadn't had much exposure to rich narratives and meaningful choices yet, like those found in Torment or Fallout. Once you've had top shelf booze, you really can't drink bud lite anymore if you catch my drift."
,Recommended,321800,12935868,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.,Immense
76561197993206059,Recommended,321800,32886248,Posted: 27 June,all,mwh.Mardin,Still one of my favorite RPGs of all time.
76561198055407899,Not Recommended,321800,35210936,Posted: 25 September,all,The Hag,Good game - can't play.Devs don't seem to care as there is a known issue that will not allow you to play the game at allIssue has been lasting over 3 months nowDEVS link me an article that has a 1 in 7 succession rate when helping with the issueCan't tell if they really don't know what to do or just don't care
,Recommended,321800,12731437,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,JT,I love this game!
,Not Recommended,321800,21971233,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Charby,"At first, I was thinking I was playing a similar game than Baldur's Gate, with a big story and interesting characters. Then, I understood I was only playing a Dungeon crawler with DnD 2th edition rules.If you're looking for a good dungeon crawler, maybe this game is for you, but the story arc is boring and you'll pass your time to heal yourself and level up.I'm trying really hard to finish the game, but I don't get any fun :("
,Not Recommended,321800,20875663,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Carddeath [UK],"Nostalgia is a funny thing. I played Icewind Dale when I was younger like many people and when I saw the EE edition I was thrilled. As a young boy I was terrible at the game and as an adult I was only slightly better! I would avoid Icewind Dale for several reasons but the game is still strong for certain players.What I didn't like:- Now I'm not an RPG isometric nut ball and I certainly don't know the DnD world that well. Character creation was fun when I was younger but it was a chore this time around. Making a decent party of the right amount of members was very trial and error for me. I'd advise a guide for this.- How many bloody enemies? Now maybe I'm terrible but the amount of enemies the game would sometimes surround you with was beyond a joke. It didn't matter if you kited them or fought them up front, you'd die. The game often made me exploit it by firing random fireballs into the dark to kill/damage enemies before they saw me. Doesn't seem very balanced.- Bugs or maybe a feature. In some areas you would return and the whole room would be repopulated after loading a quick save. This often put me in a tricky situation of getting out of an area to head back to heal. Keep an eye out on the game pulling this fast one.- Backtracking. Now I'm sure this comes down to my inexperience of having a terrible cleric or whatever but having to backtrack each time I need 1000x health potions or to revive at a temple was beyond a joke. Backtracking is never fun and Icewind forces you do to it...a lot.Things I liked:- Blast from the past, it was great to see a game that I adored when I was a child on steam. I can't say it was worth it for the nostalgia but I gave it a shot.- Spells - The different spells of the mage was a great feeling, I didn't use them much when I was younger so it was nice to experience this character.- Environments, there we're plenty of different areas to explore that felt different in their own way. This tied into the story which I enjoyed even though the fighting part of the game took a way from it.Summary:I would only buy Icewind Dale if you want a blast from the past or you're seriously into your roleplaying games and understand different elements of character creation. This would probably make the game pretty easy but I found is very hard but luckily made it to the end. Give it a shot if you have the patience."
76561198057308886,Recommended,321800,12700031,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,jonnystrickbag,Entire party was killed in a basement by medium sized beetles10/10 would adventure again
,Recommended,321800,12878549,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,PickleMan,This game is so good if it was masturbation my♥♥♥♥♥♥would be dust.15/10 would fap again.
,Not Recommended,321800,33885267,Posted: 29 July,all,UthersonL,"Icewind Dale is one of my absolute favourite games BUT this version of it is a joke. There seem to barely be any new mechanics or content to justify the price, and the bugs... Boy, are there bugs... Constant desynch in multiplayer, disappearing or duplicating items, crashes when leaving areas mid-fight, loss of thief skills during import into the expansion, and more. WAY more. Try the complete edition on GOG instead. Sure, you'll miss out on a few new classes - but they're not worth the headache - especially in multiplayer."
76561198016989249,Recommended,321800,23871322,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Alexander Mirdzveli,Is there a need to recommend russian caviar? There's no need to recommend Icewind Dale either.
76561198029365391,Recommended,321800,28540112,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,AlienWired,"I have the entire collection, in boxes... =)"
,Recommended,321800,12743838,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Malah Ram,very good say is i am think of thankhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMULQUM89Uw&feature=youtu.be
76561198089284399,Recommended,321800,13916036,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,creeperbane,"This is the greatest rpg game ever made.Great customization.Great combat.Heart of fury is the hardest difficulty you can play on. (Its in gameplay settings)If/when you play it, use druids.The animals they summon have heart of fury stats and can destroy anything."
76561198052950089,Not Recommended,321800,24224657,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,frost_daedra,"This is a mixed review, because as so often there is the good and the bad.The good is the level design and details, which are quite ok for a game this age.The bad is in the story writing.Consider this sidequest (Spoilers follow)Some guy lures you to a castle with a promise of treasure, and you can't escape afterwards, making this a standard abduction. A ghost then tells you then a riddle which you must solve to get out.Hundreds of adventures are supposed to have been killed this way already.And the big riddle? Four heroes fought a dragon, a king was a coward, the four heroes died and the king claims the fame, Then a bard sings what happended, the king puts him in prison and turns insane. Turns out the riddle-ghost really is the bard who masterminds the whole abduction scheme.So you have a whole castle population turned into restles ghosts, several hundred adventures killed because they failed to learn that a king was a coward. Loved ones turned into widows and widowers, children turned into orphans, hundreds of lives lost, condemned to be cursed for eternity just because some bard could not let it rest? Isn't that a bit overkill for someone who is supposed to be the good and righteous guy in this story?And the guy working for the ghost who lured you turns into not one, but three separate demons when you question his motives. Each of which incidentially is incredibly hard to kill (level 16-18 heroes, all +4 gear), as every single one of them can spam you with spawning dozens of hard-hitting monsters every minute, all the time while raining death and destructrion on you, and even then prepare to hit each of the demons for at least 5 minutes with all you got? What fun I had.  Not."
76561198093378763,Not Recommended,321800,34344738,Posted: 19 August,all,gallaghan2000,"Still a good game, unfortunately something in how they 'refurbished' it screwed up the save system. I've lost several hours making up for lost time when the Quicksave got corrupted. Nearly lost a chunk of time making up for a normal save."
76561198009187242,Recommended,321800,12767850,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Rimking,Cast alcannazar's scorcher and watch ur lvl 1 wizard die to goblins. 10/10
76561197993357850,Not Recommended,321800,23410136,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Hibou,"Plain boring game in retrospective in 2000. Still boring in 2016.The uninspired story cannot save the level design (Either a dungeon is insanely complicated to finish like in Chapter 6, or most of the time,  clean the map go upstairs / repeat).The main Icewind dale campaign is quite long, the heart of winter add-on is incredibly short - probably  1/5th the length of the base game.The soundtrack while good, feels short and thus, often time you will just hear the sounds but no music.The pathfinding hasn't been improved in this ""enhanced edition"", which means one member of your team of 6 might do the whole map in revert just to find a path to get to his destination.4/10"
,Recommended,321800,30198612,Posted: 26 February,all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,Unlike Baldur's Gate this game is actually good.
,Not Recommended,321800,14288768,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hypnoscope,"Firstly, Icewind Dale is a great game and if you haven't played it and enjoy the slightly slower paced games of yesteryear then I'd suggest giving it a go.However, if you have played the game before and are buying IWD:EE to enjoy the new multiplayer support then give it a miss. The best we have managed is ten minutes in game before it crashes out. We're hosting on OS X and connecting with both windows and OS X if that helps anyone. Really disapointed as a I talked multiple people into buying a copy for gaming night."
,Not Recommended,321800,16512718,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[LLJK]Lobsterboy,Multiplayer is completely broken - you will crash every 5 minutes attempting to do anything.
76561198095718454,Not Recommended,321800,32349226,Posted: 11 June,all,MegaByte,"This game is very challenging and extremely tightly balanced. Although, it has severly detramental glitches in user interface, item loading, and especially the story line events themselves! I got to about 60 hours of gameplay and then boom! lost all special ammo, gems, and scrolls saved the whole time just because of a game loading glitch which emptied my bags... ;-(I will never play this again unless they rework or at least bug fix. Dont waste the money on this!!!"
76561197970562961,Not Recommended,321800,21691495,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Elder Statesman Irmc,"I don't know what was changed between the original Icewind Dale and making it an Enchanced Edition, but I've only ever once seen anyone lose a character in the first battle before you leave town, and that was someone who led the charge with an elf mage/thief with 3 HP.I've twice lost at least half my party in that fight on the Enhanced Edition. There's no way in hell I'm going to try other combinations and see if there's some magical combination that works when I've rebuilt parties I've beaten the game with get annihilated by a few goblins. This game isn't worth my time, only reason I didn't use the original version to play with a friend is its multiplayer freezes the game on modern operating systems, so I thought I'd give this a try."
76561198085880325,Not Recommended,321800,30696494,Posted: 23 March,all,josh.holbrook,game just crashes when entering places
76561198013427434,Not Recommended,321800,32227782,Posted: 6 June,all,jay_l_a,"Sound is really buggy. Buzzes during cut scenes, most audio in game comes from my rear speakers. I can't accept this in an 'enhanced' edition"
,Recommended,321800,23693076,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Naughtius_Maximus,Icewindale. What more?
,Not Recommended,321800,17249209,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,NighthawkBNE,"Is nostalgia a good reason to buy a game?  Probably not.  In its day this game was a lot of fun however by today's standards it's lacking.  The interface is lacking, the dialogue is lacking and while the environments look almost current, the animations of the characters are in a word poor.So I let this remake steal almost half an hour of my life and being trashing my fond memories of this game before I said no.  I'd rather remember the fun I had playing this in 2006-2007 when it was originally released than butcher that memory trying to enjoy it almost ten years later.  Don't do it."
76561197989349081,Not Recommended,321800,15865994,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,mantuwa,"No matter know good the game should be, deadly bug occurs in the forth map, I don't know how did this game pass the test."
76561198040309624,Not Recommended,321800,16323698,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,gerardvanswieten,Crashes when the game is about to start (after picking the character)
76561198158836921,Not Recommended,321800,21506900,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Hjelpmooglene,The Dark Souls 2 of the Infinity Engine games.
76561198076562751,Not Recommended,321800,27921387,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Demetrio,"I would like to recommend it, seems a good game, but in the 3 hours I tried to play with my friends in multiplayer, it crashed 4-6 times, I somehow lost control from my summoned familiar to my barbarian friend after a loading, and the worst, we started the game with 0 gold (later I discovered we have to start with around 560 to buy basic gear), making it almost impossible to even leave the city, in this time we barely killed the goblins outside...This ""Enhanced Edition"" seems more like a ripoff, and I can't even get a refund anymore -_-'"
76561198068994333,Not Recommended,321800,17449554,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,cthompsell,what a waste of money and time brought this game and it will not play after the start  scence buttons freeze  looked on line for tips none that have worked when i did get in to the game after several hours of torment the game freezes and is to big for my screen  I will not be buying anymore games from steam
76561198046685576,Not Recommended,321800,16915013,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Dandelion,This is so similar to original release that you will barely even notice anything different.
76561198326588911,Not Recommended,321800,31885958,Posted: 21 May,all,Otto,"I'm probably gonna get hate for this, but I just don't like this game. It's systems immediately threw me off. The character selection system is weird, and just (I HATE TO SAY IT) think the graphics are a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is coming from a fan of the Baldur's Gate games."
,Not Recommended,321800,16824887,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Daimon,Excellent game from a quite different era. The age doesn't show as it's still amazing piece of art.However as I would only play this kind of game on tablet these days and there isn't touch screen support I can't recommended it. If/When touchscreen is supported I would recommended it with all my heart.
76561198079304707,Not Recommended,321800,19691004,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Adin239,
76561198032006515,Not Recommended,321800,29137868,Posted: 9 January,all,Lone Wolph,"It's ok, but it's no baldur's gate."
76561198052977017,Not Recommended,321800,12938414,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,michaelmac365,"This is a very fun game and I would love to play it if I could. I have windows 8.1 and when I play this game or BG1 or BG2 they crash at random times. I have tired to fix it and in fact BGee 1 and 2 used to play fine on my PC. I have tried everything I know to fix the issue including updated drivers, set to XP compatibility, run as admin, turn off mouse hardware accelerator, deleted cache file, and still random lockup and crashes. I have no idea who updated what to cause this. I went to beamdog's support and found this exact problem was posted on Oct 26 and was never answered."
,Not Recommended,321800,32821855,Posted: 26 June,all,Savis,Four beetles wiping out my 6 person-strong party was the final nail for me after dealing with the clunky UI and glitchy PCs.
76561197993647662,Not Recommended,321800,13169254,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,jboyce8703,jusr purchased game which does not work No telephone support but endless email traffic so you eventually give up Be warned!
76561197985865136,Not Recommended,321800,14686529,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Pax,Lacking...
76561198060659446,Not Recommended,321800,13338043,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ntl69,"I was really put off by the graphics. Looks like sega genesis. These 'enhanced' editions that are simply older games that have been upgraded to run on modern computers, but graphics wise really suck, are shameless cash grabs. 21 bucks? i overpaid by 15 dollars in my book. If you are going to release an 'enhanced' edition of a stone age game, then actually beef up the graphics and then charge 20 bucks."
,Not Recommended,321800,12803631,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,atom fenrir,"Back in the day, I played Baldur's Gate 2 and loved it. I also played Bioware's Neverwinter Nights games and loved those even more. Somehow, as I was making this modern day Steam purchase,  I didn't realize that Icewind Dale was going to be a throwback to the BG engine. And it sucks. The voice acting is horrid, as you came to expect back in those days, and the plot draw is just as bad. It even starts out with the stereotypical ""adventuring party in a tavern"" scene. Wtf?Most of all, I hate the difficulty scaler. There's normal - which massacred 2 parties within the first mission I played, then easy, which grants some more leverage, but still ended up with a massacre to a party I custom generated that wasn't totally combat ubered out, and then there's ""story!"" Your party members are invulnerable! No in-betweens! wtf! I didn't ask for god mode, just cut me some slack when I don't want to play the combat god-mod oriented game. Feh! Lame.TL;DR Don't buy this game if you're expecting it to be like BG or BG2"
,Not Recommended,321800,12764882,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Tig,"I never played the original Icewind Dale, but cannot imagine the graphics having been much worse than they are in this new ""Enhanced Edition"". Bad graphics and worse game play. Wish I hadn't purchased!"
76561198053050811,Not Recommended,321800,13033192,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,nathanwales,junk
76561198108202913,Recommended,321800,27743577,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fooferon,"An oldie but a goodie.Great to play with multiple people and no matter how many times I have run through it, I always seem to find something new."
76561198138550928,Recommended,321800,27632117,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,nikolai_skomorohov,Recommended!
76561197995932664,Recommended,321800,27733075,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,༼Le Toucan has arrived <(*)╰,Really good game that is a must play for every RPG fan.
,Recommended,321800,27563765,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bearded Scumbag,An oldy but goody.
,Recommended,321800,27811478,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,+CRUSADER+,10/10 Nostalgia strikes here at full strength.
,Recommended,321800,27272145,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yurt,This game made me fall in love with cRPGs and snow.
76561197979608705,Recommended,321800,27219813,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Baron Von Happy,One of the best isometric games ever
76561198074807394,Recommended,321800,27053291,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr_Fixir,Great snow adventure - you will not regret
76561198036735349,Recommended,321800,26997667,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,panthera.tygris,One of the greatest CRPG's ever made.  Can't wait for IWD II Enhanced Edition!
76561198103706343,Recommended,321800,26801095,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,elsimate,Brings back good memories
,Recommended,321800,27693345,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheHop,Baldurs Gate with less story and more dungeon crawling.
,Recommended,321800,26296052,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,vapplebee,Very good game i would recomend makeing your own party and playing throug with it the plot is good sadliy the amount of side quests there are is low...very low and the items are great. at the end of the day its worth playing and i would recomend it alot to those just getting introduced to the DnD franchise
,Recommended,321800,26040800,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,bulgarianBarbarian,Nice retro graphics although the interface is somewhat clunky. Voice acting is superb. I really enjoyed the story mode difficulty setting for people like me who don't want to pause the game every two seconds. I'd recommend it especially for people looking for nostalgia.
,Recommended,321800,18875734,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,blooscr33n,"I used to play this game years ago and was so happy, when I found it on Steam. Imagine Baldur's Gate without running around for hours for just talking to people. Yes, there ARE villages, but usually you just go there for selling and sleeping. Most of the time you're crawling through dungeons; dungeons full of enemies and traps, lots of traps.Even the tutorial dungeon might kill your party in an instant.Also you don't run around, looking for new party members. You create the whole party at the beginning, meaning: You COULD create the ultimate combo, but my first party wasn't able to finish the second dungeon.The Gameplay of Icewind Dale is a more difficult, mostly reduced on fighting and dungeon crawling version of Baldur's Gate."
76561197989721120,Recommended,321800,30986801,Posted: 6 April,all,DOOM(ed),A truly unforgettable master piece. More linear than Baldur’s Gate but with a great story matched with a sound track that to this day just makes me want to pause the game and listen for a while!
,Recommended,321800,31059009,Posted: 10 April,all,wipiton,"Modern adaptation of classic Infinity/D&D game from Black Isle.No new content present, which doesn't make this masterpiece any less awesome.One of the best combat-oriented CRPGs in history. Delivers a LOT of fun!https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=alveus+malcanter- these hilarious video guides are HIGHLY recommended ))"
76561198020262183,Recommended,321800,32000448,Posted: 27 May,all,Urdnot Wrex,the greatest dnd game i have played in a very long time.
,Recommended,321800,31694980,Posted: 11 May,all,Jay Diva,"Played on Linux (Ubuntu 16.04)By far the prettiest of all the Infinity Engine games, it looks even better adapted to hi-def. I had this game when I was a kid and could never get very far, so it's an absolute delight to go back and finish what I started.The story is definitely clunky and forgettable (random event, followed by some happenstance, with a dash of coincidence drive the plot forward). That said, the gameplay and graphics are great.I found one really minor sound bug, but other than that, it's nearly the ideal Enhanced Edition (just wish there were achievements).Definitely worth it on sale."
,Recommended,321800,32064646,Posted: 30 May,all,Jäger,"A classic game of adventure, dungeon crawl and hours of fun. A beautiful gem among Baldur's Gate and Planescape Torment, Icewind Dale delivers gameplay, rich adventure and an unforgettable atmospheric return to the snowy regions of northern Faerun."
76561197985058328,Recommended,321800,32156537,Posted: 3 June,all,ShinsFortress,"Fabulous.I bought and played BG:EE recently and just moved onto this.  While the interface and mechanics are missing a couple minor tweaks that BG has received I'd forgotten how lush the visuals are.  Some of the backdrops looks like wonderful paintings in their own right.Yes, it's a different game to BG pr P:T, yes there's more combat and less 'story' but it's great fun in it's own context!"
76561197971864370,Recommended,321800,33727895,Posted: 22 July,all,LordSentinel,One of the best games ever made. This is my 6th or 7th play through and it remains fresh and replayabale as ever. The new EE makes it all the more sweeter.
76561198069018161,Recommended,321800,34154685,Posted: 10 August,all,ajkey04,"I played this in the day and had fond memories of it. It was just the hack n slash version of BG, so I was excited to play the EE version, as I did with BG and BGII.I worked my way though it, but to be honest, it grew a little boring. The characters felt 2 dimensional even beyond their 2 dimensions and I didn't really care about the story. But I finish it, all the way to the end, even lugging my way though Trials of the Loremaster.  But it's done and I can move on.6/10"
76561198071705123,Recommended,321800,35169288,Posted: 23 September,all,tjd3422,"I have spent many hours on this game when I was younger. It has a pretty good story line and the game play is fun. I don't think I ever beat the game but enjoyed the game play enough to get it again. IWD is similar to the Baldur's Gate games and based off D&D. IWD allows for 6 customizable characters in your party, and the update allows for more customization than before. The graphics are a little dated in comparison to modern games, but the soundtrack and storyline make up for the graphics."
76561198043975666,Recommended,321800,35208312,Posted: 25 September,all,a_delo3,"IWD was a long-time favorite of mine. Being based on Infinity Engine the gampelay is very familiar to those who already played Baldur's Gate 1 or 2; the main difference lies in the fact that players have to design their party entirely (1 to 6) due to the lack of recruitable NPCs: while a good feature for gameplay's sake, it obviously prevents the funny interactions among characters which were so highly praised in BG1-2 (it is to be noted that IWD has a pretty decent plot, more or less the same kind of ""high fantasy"" plot that it is common among cRPGs, and not one of the worst due to some nice twists, and that developers made good efforts to create an atmosphere through books, items lore and dialogues).The game has a very ""violent"" approach to problem-solving, and besides some minor puzzles, for the most of the time the few heroes (or villains: there are some nice items even for evil-doers. The path of evil, which in this game means basically to be greedy and selfish, not a crazy lunatic, is not penalized in term of experience or material rewards; the Enhanced Edition added even the evil Paladin kit) will open their path by wiping out everything that moves, and something that does not too.Hacking and slashing, burning and freezing however should be done &quot♥♥♥♥♥grano salis"" (at least if the game is played at its standard difficulty, or higher) because IWD is less forgiving than BG2; or-better- it was less forgiving.As for the graphics, I think that those hand-drawn 2d games aged much better than the first generations of 3d games (which, by the way, looked awful even when just released...) and are still enjoyable.As far as the ""enhancing"" provided by this edition, there are both lights and shadows, but sadly the latters overcome the formers. Leaving aside the cosmetic upgrades, the core of the ""enhancement"" lies in the implementation of new classes (plus the ""kit system"" from BG2), races and spells, but these do not blend well with IWD mechanics.This is partly due to some features of IWD, which lacked high-level offensive spells (and therefore, foes capable of whitstanding them) and, at higher difficulty settings (including the Heart of Fury special mode) ""bloated"" the health and damage output of monsters while leaving them at the same level as in the easier settings, and partly to the fact that some of those spells (e.g. time stop, project image, wish, greater wish) were already ""broken"" even in the high-level Throne of Baal expansion for BG2.This is a major issue with sorcerers, which do not need to find scrolls to learn spells, and can acquire those spells too early in the game (sorcerers were notoriously ""broken"" even in BG2).The kits add some flavour, but for the most part have little impact (kits can not be multiclass, and can not be ""dualled"" in) on gameplay; their relative strenght is very different from that they have in Bg2/ToB, also because the ""high level abilities"" have not been introduced in IWD:EE (and that is good, since some of these were broken too, and IWD has a level cap, not an experience point cap...).On the bright side, the most broken features may be avoided, and the game may be played as the original IWD with more refined interface and looks; all classes are viable options, even if some (thief/thief kits), due to the heavy focus on fights are much harder to manage and exploit than others (like ""divine casters"" and ""warrior classes""); as typed above, kits can be chosen to add more flavour (e.g the funny Werewolf Druid instead of a plain fighter/druid); more options in term of character creation increases the replayability, which was already good and is related more to the ""tactical aspects"" of the game than to plot's devices.Those who never played IWD and like c-RPGs will make a favor to themselves by getting IWD:EE; on the other hand, it is much harder to recommend the Enhanced Edition to those already owning a copy of IWD."
