user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,321960,18322111,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Fnordsensei,"Before buying this game, you have to understand the state it is in. Things not to expect,- Animated cutscenes- UI with decent usability- Character models worthy of 2015- Character animations worthy of 2015- Progressive campaign- Character customisation during campaignCutscenes are ""animated"", but show frozen models, with speech laid on top.Using the game feels clunky, you will often accidentally stop your hero mid stride because you accidentally clicked twice on the target, when you should have clicked once. Or your hero doesn't move, because you should have clicked twice when you clicked once.It doesn't seem that there has been a User Experience designer involved in the development of this game, there are too many basic usability issues. Such as that you can't bring up a town screen by clicking on a town. It took me nearly 10 minutes to figure out that you need to double click the little town name on the bottom left to do that. Ridiculous. That's just one example, expect a lot more like that.The character models and animations certainly look dated, and many look like they are reused directly from Hereoes VI. Most of the time, you'll notice that Heroes VI had much better character models though. Models are small in battles, so you don't see the details (maybe this is for the best, as the details are not that great). The entire game has a washed, grainy feel to it that takes away from the ""Heroes feel"". Heroes should be lush, with powerful colors, to immerse you into this fantasy world with its multitude of colorful, odd beings. This is not the case. You get sort of the same feel as when opening a spreadsheet or something. The delightfulness is clearly missing. There's a sparse, somewhat empty feeling to it.The animations are clearly a step down from Heroes VI. For example, the Centurion will bash his shield at the opponent, then stick his spear in it, and only about half a second after BOTH attacks are completed does the target react and make some kind of motion. Not immersive.The campaign is not progressive. I. e., it doesn't build a story for you to follow, but rather it's just a few short stories that you can play through in any order you want. Personally, I would be fine with this, if everything else had been good.Same with character customisation, you start out with predesigned characters, sometimes at level 0, for other scenarios at level 30, which may annoy some people, but would have been fine if the game was otherwise up to snuff. Of course it isn't.The good things are: It's a new instalment of Heroes! For people like me, who grew up with it and love it, this is great. The maps have depth to them visually, which is fun. Castles can be in valleys and so on (but the washed out, derelict feeling that I mentioned earlier detracts from this). Skills feel slightly more useful than in the last Heroes. They've taken some time to groom the skill set. On the other hand, it's not the glory that was Heroes V.If you're fine with all this, then this game might be for you. The truth is however, that Ubisoft again is trying to get away with minimum effort. What I don't get is, do these people take no pride in what they do? Does it feel good to crank out one half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥effort after another? Is it a matter of competence, do they not have the right people? Is everyone working on the game too junior? Or is it a conscious strategy from the management?Don't they want praise from the fans? Why aren't they creating it with ""game of the year"" firmly fixed in their minds? I simply don't get how someone could be satisfied with creating something with this level of indifference. That can't be a satisfying way to live your life. If you don't like the series, for ♥♥♥♥s sake, sell it to some studio who DOES love it.It comes down to this: those who grow up with this game now, as I grew up with the original series, are NOT going to love it. It is not loved by its developers, and that transmits through to us, loud and clear."
,Not Recommended,321960,18257832,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,GodlikeBot,"I would gladly recommend the game, since I really like the gameplay / campaigns so far.So first a few good points:- The gameplay itself feels alot better than Might & Magic® Heroes® VI.- The 3D view is finally usable and looking good (unlike Heroes VI).- The Town View is good and organised.- The caravan feature is back (and still great !)- Several aspects of the campaign difficutly are adjustable, making it way more interesting.Sadly.. I still cant give a positive review, because there are just so many aspects ruining the fun, even for hardcore Might & Magic fans.First and most importantly: the incredible amount of bugs.Just to give a few annoying examples:- Game crash during start / Random crashes- Blackscreen during start (can't even open the taskmanager and close the game anymore)- Game crashes while saving causing your savegames (yes, plural) to be corruptAs a result of that you cant even continue the campaign you were playing during the crash.. the only workaround for me so far was to delete every single savegame for the campaign to be even able to start it again (gave up after I tried the same campaign 3 times because of this♥♥♥♥♥♥By the way: if there is a better workaround, I am really interested :)- Campaign objectives are randomly not working some timesBut if you really can live with that major bugs and many more minor ones, there is still the following for you:- The combat sounds are a disaster. There are just none with high combat speed activated, so you just hear music and nothing else + alot animations have no sounds in general- The campaign selection was crappier made than the equivalent in some 20$ games (You hear the voices of the characteres while looking at a picture of the person talking.. proper animations seem to be too expensive for Ubi..)- The Uplay DRM stuff is annoying as always, inkluding the usual connection problems for a special amount of funPersonally I could live somehow with the last aspects.. but the crashes and mainly the corrupt safe games are absolute no-goes.. it is seriously annoying if several hours of your time were for nothing, just because the game decided to crash again for no reason.Dont make my mistake and buy this game atleast before it really is done, if ever at all."
76561198100760693,Not Recommended,321960,19278878,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,fitzadvocate,"""Things sure aint what they used to be""  After 66 hours of gameplay, thats the conclusion I have come to.If you never played heroes III or heroes V, you wouldnt know what you are missing... Wait yes you would. How about any semblence of a finished game?This game is so glitchy I am consdering putting my law degree to work and starting a class action lawsuit... seriously.Hero stat boosting items dont work, patch 1.5 made it so any skills you progress somehow are forgotten and you cant reselect them. to bad level 30 hero...Remember the tears of Asha?  It used to be avalaible on all maps in heroes V. Now only 1 or two maps have it in this game and you win as soon as you build it. What is the point of having boons attached to building it if you automatically win when you do???I hate paying $60 for a game that doesnt even work. Frankly I am astonished that Ubisoft put this game out. Never again.  No matter how much a game is hyped or seems like it will suck me back into my gaming of yesteryear, if it has an UBIsoft logo on it. I will not purchase it."
76561197995167131,Not Recommended,321960,19244991,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Fairly Standard,"Unplayably buggy. Even after multiple patches, characters often lose all assigned skills after loading a game. Campaign is broken in multiple places making it unfinishable. I payed AAA prices for a game that should still be in beta. I feel conned."
76561198013922215,Not Recommended,321960,18250977,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Snippedy S. Nap,"While looking colourful and rather flashy in the screenshots, the gameplay is rusty, the units possess less abilities which can be activated and the recruiting system is more clunky. This game is far less developed than its predecessor and would have needed another few months to smoothen out and optimise. Having strongly looked forward to this newest addition to Might & Magic, I am sad to admit that I cannot recommend the game as such, let alone justify its cost. The price to performance ratio is seriously flawed- a first for M&M."
,Not Recommended,321960,24382502,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Δαίμονας,"As of 18 July 2016 this game is STILL FULL of bugs:* Skills on the skillwheel get diasspeared* Heroes spellbook sometimes gets empty* Artifacts in inventory also get disappeared* Some maps areas seems to cause trouble and make the game too slow on a pc with much more better stats than game's recommended requirements* ... and much more ...INSTEAD OF CORRECTING THE BUGS, THEY ARE DEVELOPING A DLC WHICH WILL BE PROBABLY FULL OF THE SAME BUGS!"
76561198016948649,Not Recommended,321960,18272781,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,LEGPINCHER,"If you're anything like me, you hoped that these bad reviews were wrong and that this title would renew the love for the HOMM series that HOMM 3, 2, or even 5  made you feel.TLDR: bad AI and slow gameplay. Stay away.It's been said that this game would be the one to restore the old ways of doing things that 3DO and New World Computing had set in place. However, this is just a false promise meant to make you spend money on a cheap product that is glitchy and isn't even fun.I'll start with the poor AI. It's worse than HOMM 3 AI. Yes you read that correctly, a game from 1999 has better AI than a game from 2015. I played a map on hard difficulty and found no difficulty at all. The AI is so dumb it's laughable. To explain, all of the neutral armies made serious mistakes that didn't even make sense. In battle, enemy melee fighters, for example, make movements that aren't even towards my army. They just made themselves fodder for my archers instead of causing me to take losses. The most annoying AI shortcoming of all, which made combats not challenging to the point of no-fun, was enemy archers defending instead of attacking. When I would move a single melee troop next to them to stop them from shooting the AI would just have the archers defend instead of move or attack to clear their path so they could shoot again. This was on hard difficulty. Don't get me wrong - I want to win but it shouldn't be that easy, especially on hard difficulty. Shouldn't AI maximize my losses on hard difficulty? At least in HOMM 3 that's what would happen. In this game it didn't even do that.This game feels cheap too. The opening cinematic is a camera panning over stained glass. No nice animation or anything. The fonts are terrible and did I mention the crappy AI? It's also riddled with glitches; e.g. windows supposed to have text have none, creatures disappearing from the battlefield etc. Shouldn't this stuff been weeded out during the open beta that this game had? It really seems as though Ubisoft is just taking advantage of the dedicated fanbase that the HOMM series has and just churning out whatever crap it can slap the name on to make a quick buck.If you can get past the rest of the garbage AI and poor quality that this game has to offer then you'll have to deal with the long winded slow gameplay that makes the rest of the HOMM franchise look as fast paced as Starcraft 2. In older games you could build up your army and move out quickly if you played intelligently. In Homm 7 there is so much trash in the way and reaching your high level creatures is such a pain (because of the town level system) that you get stuck within your zone control slowly amassing an army to move out just to get stopped by more trash outside of your zone. This change in strategy is amplified by the reduced movement speed of heroes compared to older games.This game is a disgrace to the HOMM series and I can only hope that my refund request gets accepted. Don't make the same mistake I did, if you want HOMM you'll have to go back to the older games or just be disappointed like me."
,Not Recommended,321960,30095983,Posted: 22 February,all,The13thSon,"Historically, I've played nearly every HoMM game out there --- Started on 2, moved to 3, struggled through 4 (but came to like it and its music), enjoyed 5 (more like 3.1) and pre-ordered 6 (with my first monies as a working student).After the absolutely shoddy quality of 6 - and I'm talking about misspelling DRAGON (seriously, DRAGON - that's like the main feature of this game) and instead writing DARGON (like the Noble gas with a D) in the f%^&* artbook for pre-ordered customers. With this I gave up on buying 7 early and waited for a special - eventually buying it for half the price. I also intended to wait for all the bugs, glitches, etc to be sorted out with the first few patches and then buy it.I started playing the game despite it having a 50% user review after like a year and 3 patches, and enjoyed it. I didn't like small things like the fact that they removed Dynasty weapons (which made 6 great - but I guess it didn't make sense with regards to the lore of 7; understandable). During my first 40 hours of gameplay, I didn't get many crashes - maybe 5 for the most, and the autosaving always only puts you a day behind - but found a few bugs that weren't game changing.Overall, I started to really enjoy the story, the lore and the progression of the game.I decided I wanted to finish up this game before I moved onto others, just for the sake of completion, and started to play the game again recently. I've been getting non-stop graphics bugs during the 3rd campaign of the elves - it's been tough, about every 5 minutes there's a roulette that starts on whether the game is going to continue after a freeze or going to be required to be closed from Task Manager. The reason I know it's a GFx issue is due to the fan speed hitting 100% for like 1 minute prior to the freeze.At this stage, I'm pretty over it; I will be trying my best to get through it and hopefully enjoy the rest of the game, but while searching today, I found this:https://mmh7.ubi.com/en/blog/post/view/important-announcement-from-the-teamA statement that Ubi will be removing and stopping all support for this game; it's still fully buggy... wtaf.Looking at the games that Limbic Entertainment (the developer of this game) had developed for Ubi, I see only disappointments. I wish deep down that we get quality developers for 8 --- but it's still Ubisoft... and I'm readying myself for disappointment.It's like you love chicken, but the only supplier of chicken in your world is a company that always gets it blatantly wrong, and at the end of the day says ""Oh you don't like it, give it up, coz we don't give a flyin' f%^&"". To be honest, that's the feeling I get from Ubi about HoMM... it's like they give it little to no attention, but refuse to pass it over to someone/some company willing to go the distance and finish and complete a full development of a game, providing support and making sure♥♥♥♥♥♥works before a release.I don't know if it's the day and age that has shaped gaming companies to only care about results, or if it's just Ubi that don't care at all - and haven't for the past 6-ish years. I refuse to support Ubi if this keeps going - please release a great 8th game, just to restore balance and justice. You're ultimately stealing from everyone who ever bought this game."
76561198051762294,Not Recommended,321960,23531287,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Baron Matticus Von Godslobber,"I have waited patiently to review this game out of hope it would eventually be fixed.  Nine months this game has been out, and it is still impossible to transfer items between heroes due to bugs that make them disappear.  I won't even bother to go into any more detail, as there are already countless reviews cataloging every frustration of this ponderous failure on the part of Limbic Entertainment.  This game is an abysmal, inexcusable mess.   Period."
76561198017590628,Not Recommended,321960,18284885,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,wadrianm,"Severe stability issues get in the way of what should have been an excellent economy building RPG.There are a large number of threads here and on the Ubi forums discussing game-breaking bugs and system compatability errors. In my case, the game uses 100% of the system disk throughput for 10 minutes while loading saved games, and then crashes silently. Across the board, for various reasons, stability seems to be a major problem with the game client.When it does run without loading a game, it uses ~6GB of RAM and shows mediocre performance, which is hard to understand for a game with such unremarkable technical and graphical ambition. Any 4X game, including any from Ubi's own wonderful Anno franchise, provides a much larger and more complex world at a much lower RAM footprint and with better overall performance.As much as I hate bringing price into any discussion about games, it should be said that $50 for a game that clearly has serious technical faults (even without considering the vast number of problems preventing people from even playing it) is unreasonable, especially when you consider how high the bar has been set for indie developers in the $15 range. Issues like this would break the reputation of any lesser franchise almost immediately. I do regret purchasing this game, and I'm afraid I can't say much positive about the developers until the stability issues are resolved."
76561197973941749,Not Recommended,321960,18633537,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,tomego,"I've held off writing a review of this game for a few weeks now as I've thought about what I wanted to put in a review along with a recommendation TO purchase this game. However, the more I have played this game, the more I have come to the conclusion that I cannot in good faith recommend this game in its current state.I am a longtime fan of the Heroes of Might and Magic series. I was introduced to the franchise with HOMM2 and instantly hooked. Heroes 3 holds a dear place in my memory. It was the game a friend and I would sneak away from school during lunch in order to play hotseat. I didn't play much 4 but 5 and 6 were both extensively played. The hours total on my steam account do not count the much larger part of hours I spent on the titles before linking them to my steam account.Anyways, I held off purchasing this game for a long time because of the negative recommendations I read on forums and from a friend who played during the betas. I ended up purchasing it the night before the release because I am a huge fan of the series and felt like it could scratch an itch for me.I started with the Stronghold campaign and played through without any issues. I was one of the few who had no CTD or game ending bugs. I read the negativity on the forums and just attributed it to bad luck or people with an axe to grind. I then proceeded to play the Haven campaign with a couple of game ending bugs and CTDs. I gave up and then tried to Dungeon campaign ( my favorite faction) and couldn't get through a first level of the campaign. I struggled through the Sylvan campaign but eventually was able to beat it. Now, on the Necro campaign, I think I'm calling it quits until this game is fixed. Corrupted saves means that I cannot load up a mission I have been working on and complete it. The game has no way for me to restart a mission when all the saves are corrupted so I cannot do anything to restart a mission unless I restart a campaign entirely. I'm sorry, I'm on mission 4 of necro, I don't want to restart the entire campaign. Through all these issues, the game has slowly worn away my patience and enthusiasm so that now, I don't want to spend a huge amount of time loading only to have a CTD while loading a save.Look, the game has great bones. Once this game is polished, it has the potential to be one of the top entires within the series. I think the developers took the game in a good direction BUT the game has far too many bugs in it to be released.  When the game is working, I love it. When it isn't, I am incredibly frustrated. I want to play a heroes game and this game is not in the condition that I can reliably play the game.I plan to change this recommendation once these bugs have been ironed out. I like the communication the developers have had on this forum and others about their plans. Free content to be released, fixing issues and balancing things show that the developers are interested in the long term health of this game. However, the game is currently in a state that will frustrate many, even among the most hardcore of HOMM fans.Check back in on this game in a month or two. I hope that it will be in a much better state and you will be happy with the purchase. I do not regret my purchase because I see the potential the game has but I cannot recommend someone to purchase a game and then wait a month or two until it is in a more playable format. As of now, the developers have some work to do in order to fix the amount of good will they have burnt through."
76561198031448184,Not Recommended,321960,18336865,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sgt. Booker,"This game has so many bugs, it's ridiculous. I've spent over 50 hours since release, and every map has some game breaking bugs.1. some quests are just straight up bugged out that you have to restart the map, and redo everything again for the quest to work. I spent more than a day to finish a map, and the last quest bugs out. It just pisses me off.2. The sound is the worst thing in this game. Sometimes, there is no sound during combat, like at all, but there's sounds during normal play. Sound doesn't match with actions on faster combat speed.3. Crashes. This game crashes a lot on my system. When some textures have a hard time to load/render, it just crashes. Some other times, when I fight that particular packs of monsters on the map, it just crashes, everytime. If I skip just that one pack, it works fine. I can play a much more demanding game like Witcher 3 on highest settings, and my pc handles just fine. I'm not even sure why this game crashes so much.4. Spells don't cast at locations you point to. Especially firewall, firewall sometimes wouldn't place on the tiles that you want to assign, but it would cast a row in front/behind it. It's just stupid.5. Effects texts on units/monster just fly all over the screen.There are many more bugs, that I can't possibly list them here.On to game design,Quests/stories are boring, so boring that I don't even spend time listenning to them. This game quests are worst than HoMM VI. The quest logs don't even explain how to get something done, or have no direction. The pinpoints on the map sometimes work, sometimes don't. I would pick HoMM VI over this game anyday.Units are plain, and boring. Range units from all factions either shoot through a row of monsters, or throw something in the sky and do area damage. There are not much design or imagination went into designing these units. The champion units are just stronger, and have more health, with a bunch of passive effects that no one cares to read, and rarely visibly matters during combat.There is no balance between might and magic. I just pick magic everytime. I can finish the whole map with 1 stack of monsters, and maxed out firewall if I play correctly or I can just use Prime magic and summon stack after stack after stack of elemental units, and the AI just attack those summoned monsters. Most spells are just useless, I just use those very high damge spells, and it would get me through everything.Their cutscenes are not even animated, well I'm sorry, the candles are animated, but the characters are still images, and if you look at some models, the design is just ridiculous. The necromancer girl eyes are not even lined up. etc. etc.I can sit here, and tell you how bad this game is all day, but I'm sure you're already convinced not to buy this game, not right now.TD;DR:DO NOT BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW. JUST DON'T. There are so many bugs, crashes, balance issues. Story is boring, cutscenes are not animated, units are plain simple, not unique. There is little nothing new/intuitive about this new installment, they took what was already there, and made it worse.I would get this game if it was less than $20 bucks in the future."
,Not Recommended,321960,18294083,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Penguin_of_Doom,"Let me preface this review by saying i have had NO technical problems whatsoever, no bugs or crashes.And also, that I really enjoyed heroes 6 after the patches fixed it, and that i really dislike the obsession this community has that every game has to be exactly like heroes 3 or ""it's not a heroes game"".This game just feels really sloppy in almost all aspects. As soon as you start the campaign, you are greeted with a static 3d screen of this guy's council. Are you serious? It's 2015, and this isn't an indie game, it's not priced like one, and you can't even animate this? At first i thought this was turned off as a performance option, but no. And there are plenty other similar ""cinematics"". Seriously ubisoft if you're gonna use static 3d scenes, DONT, use drawn scenes or something else instead.The gameplay is actually allright, but it doesn't do anything new or different from the rest of the series, for multiplayer or single player vs AI you might as well just play 3, 5 or wathever your favorite installment of this series was, and the campaign is pretty lackluster compared to 6. I suppose two things i liked here was the hero progression in general with that skill wheel, and having more factions at release like Academy which is an old favorite of mine.The game as a whole doesn't look that good. I wasn't expecting ultra-photorealistic graphics in my heroes game, but this doesn't look any better than 6 concerning texture quality and effects. Also re-used assets♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.The units are the things that look the best in this game, and yet many heroes 6 versions still look better.Considering heroes 6 was such a mess at release and was eventually patched into a decent game, i'm hoping this one can improve but right now it just isn't worth it at full price."
,Not Recommended,321960,24210939,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,gay if u read,"Its broken.After enjoying the game for 2 campaigns i suddenly ran into crashes everywhere, cant continue with my current campaign (Wizards) and cant start any other new faction ones without the game not responding.I really wanted to get around to writing a nice review as for an adventure map game its great, unfortunately it doesn't even work after the first 9-10 campaign maps."
,Not Recommended,321960,18252025,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Xebeche,"A huge disappointment... This is what they achieved in Heroes VII..I have been playing Heroes for over a decade and hoping to see this one for a while.. And they even add Solmyr again which is my favorite hero off all times. By the introduction video starts the disappointment starts also..From the first second you can feel how far from the quality this product is.. I really think even Heroes III have a more interesting introduction cinematic. And the menu.. The colors they choose, the fonts.. everthing looks so cheap.For a while I tried not to see all of this. Just start a single player map, of course choosing my favourite hero Solmyr. They even managed to ruin that. In map screen you see a floating genie but in hero page there is a man figure with two legs..Everything looks so sloppy that it looks like they give 0 importance to the details..I must say they did create some very interesting game mechanics which can add a variety of possibilities to the game. But some they serve it in such a poor condition that you must force yourself to play it... The game looks way behind of Heroes VI and even Heroes V.If you are not totally committed to this series never ever think of buying this.. And even if you are committed still think twice before buying it..----UPDATE------***My views after 15 hours of game play***I continued to play for the strategy elements that I mentioned before.. The result is more disappointment.. The game really is as bad as it looks and feels like.. The AI ie totally broken. I played custom maps so I don't now how it works in campaigns because maybe it can be more scriptted so you may have more fun but for custom maps..It just doesn't work. The AI is so lazy and arrogant(!).. It passes by many free resources on the map. Doesn't even bother to collect any of them. It never try to invest itself. Most of the times it dully wonders with lots of heroes (w/o armies)  around the map.This looks bad but the battles are even worse.. Sometimes units just go left, and next turn, they go right while continuing to tkae ranged damge from my army?! Or big units (2x2) try to go narrow passages (1 square).. Then wait there or turn back to try later... In the battle map with river, whcih has only one way to pass trough to other side, a bridge, enemy units try to go left corner where there is a river.. Then they return back to the bridge.. But  again they wanted to give a second try to river.. If you have one or two rangeg units or some solid spells it is really makes no sens to fight.The AI offers no challange at all..So pardon me because I don't want to be rude but this game is an insult to its fans more than a tribute!.. After Heroes III, nearly all games tried to do something different.. In the end, they also mostly failed but at least they tried. This one try to gather all of their good parts and ruined them all for good.. I don't know what to say more.."
76561198008427241,Not Recommended,321960,18318131,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Slushy,I have never asked for a refund for a game from any retailer.  This was a first.  My advice wait 1 year and get this on a steam 80% off sale.
76561197975491555,Not Recommended,321960,18261107,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Davincey,"Highly NOT recommended!It's a crash fest!Crashes on game launch.Crashes on world mapCrashes in combatCrashes in town screenCrashes on loading save gamesI'm quite sure my i7-2600k with 16GB RAM and GTX-970 can run this with no issues. I even turned down the details but nothing helped. No cinematic game intro. The story briefing had 3D models sitting around a table with no one's lips even moving when they talked. How the heck did the game manage to make corrupted save games anyway? All the saves I made, including the system auto-saves crash to desktop when attempting to load them. Is this game still in beta? Is Ubisoft gonna pull another Black Hole Entertainment stunt?"
76561198022042908,Recommended,321960,19867030,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lucky,"I wrote a negative review which as of Patch 1.6 I have since retracted, if you want to know what was wrong prior to patch 1.6 read the many many reviews on it already here many of which won't be retracted or re-written and such is the legacy you leave if you release a game before it is tested and completed and ask people's cash.  I doubt Ubi will learn a lesson from it as they have a history of doing this but one can hope.  The amount of money this game could have made overall as a finished product released with positive reviews will now sadly never be realized.As for the game, this game is the best Heroes iteration since Heroes IV, though as any review it is up to opinion and discussion I will try to keep it on topic and based on things at least measurable.Graphics are very good, I did not like Heroes V or VI graphics, V graphics very much reminded me of early WoW graphics they were bulky, fat, and simplistic with tons of bright colors.  VI trimmed it up a bit, but VII is full rendered fantasy with great designs from an artist with some great concepts, the green dragons in this one look amazing for example (they look like they themselves were grown out of the forest) and many other creature designs are very well rendered, if still a bit bulky and ill defined for my tastes it is miles past V or VI.  IV had actual scans of 3d models as sprites, and III any way you look at it, the graphics are severely dated.   But I am happy with the graphics on this game, the maps are also amazing, and the towns are beautifully rendered.  In V you had 3d animated town screens with dramatic sweeping cameras but I find I don't miss them, and prefer the solid functional and pretty town screens they implemented in every other hereos game, and so I can say with confidence this is my favorite when it comes to graphics in all areas but two: 1) the animations for some creatures are a bit odd on fast combat speed, and while somewhat to be expected even on slow speeds animation starts and stops can be awkward.  2) some of running animation of hero mounts also seem off on the map.  Overall, 9/10 for graphics, I'd give more if it had the animations better sync'd with the game.Sound is very good in this game, I love all the sounds in combat, and the music is stunning and very pleasant and there is different music for every town screen.  This seems lovingly done and very much puts me into the mood to play and does a ton for the atmosphere of the game.  10/10Gameplay is addicting, I just had my brother and neighbor over and we played from 6pm at night to 4am in the morning hotseating and visiting.  We intently helped each other play even though we are techinically against each other, and it was a walk down memory lane and enjoyable in new exciting ways that pleased us very much.  Since the gameplay bugs were fixed we had no reservations about digging in and very much loved it.  It is all it promises to be a heroes game playing homage to its roots, and past, and community wishes.  The skill system is somewhat revamped, but I consider it an improvement, the same things that were always there, are there but it shows you everything and what you're getting into making better strategy.  Many of the broken mechanics and annoying things any long time heroes fan would know about were addressed.  Some juicy examples: you can quick combat and if you don't like the results you can play manually.  This makes for quicker turns and less gambling on how good the AI will play on your behalf (which you couldn't expect much from the AI in any heroes game but we'll get to that more in the next section).  Town building screens are very informative now, right clicking on most things lets the window stay open so you can examine abilities, AI turns are quick (heroes V had they had longer turns than players often times AI was still bad),  there is a compendium of information for heroes and units, medusas no longer guarantee kill things, minotaurs no longer have a chance to block all damage, there's more slots for artifacts, having the wrong school of magic doesn't totally screw your hero on a map when a powerful spell is found because you can still learn it just not as strong as if you were in that school... the list really goes on and on and I'm still finding large improvements on gameplay.  There are a few minor things I'd like to see changed but I can't bring myself to even mention them at the moment.  10/10 for gameplay this is the direction heroes should go.The AI is pretty bad in any heroes game, but it is really missing decision making in this one and hopefully that is patched in.  I still prefer it to the release date heroes V AI because it would take about 5 minutes every time you ended turn and it was still stupid.  This is lightning quick, as IV, and III were and has yet to achieve their intelligence but on a normal game at least they can still come into your territory with a sizable army and make a fun diversion.  When it gets to the meat of strategy though, no Heroes AI was ever good and there's lots of ways you can beat them having bigger armies than you but that is part of the formula for heroes imo.  You kill bigger stronger foes by being smarter,it's a strategy game after all.  Sometimes it will fail in this though and you are up against an AI that managed to kill itself.  That happened in V though and even IV a few times, but it was something to laugh at rather than get mad, usually with friends.  There is definite room for improvement of the AI however.  AI is 5/10. If they start picking up ALL resources they come across and don't always buy a ton of heroes could boost that a lot.  This would let them build bigger armies and punish players who take too long to explore or wait longer in base to build up bigger armies to use weaker strategy/take less losses in capturing objectives and collecting treasure.The worst part of this game in my opinion is the comments on the official website, while some were deserved for releasing a game that should've stayed in beta testing for 7 months, the level of irrational hatred there and raw negativity makes me ashamed to associate myself as a fan.  I really liked the idea of the shadow council, and silencing negative opinions can seem draconian, but moderation, tone and a code of conduct are still very important factors for making a game and atmosphere built on constructive feedback.  I honestly wish they'd just remove comments on their official website as it leaves a bitter taste in my mouth every time I go there.In conclusion, the game was released too early and paid a heavy price for it, and will now always live in that shadow.  It is however through patching, now the best heroes iteration since Heroes IV.  It has improved gameplay, great graphics, been based on community desires and feedback, great music and sound, and fixed and improved upon many broken mechanics and annoyances from past iterations learning from the past in a good way and taking the Heroes franchise in a direction that I very much want to see, on the strong stipulation that Ubisoft will stop releasing games that aren't finished ruining not only their company reputation but the games that had a lot of potential to become market breakers."
76561198025447433,Not Recommended,321960,24140606,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,marshal_vauban,"Absolutely terrible game.Not the gameplay - that is just lacklustre, offering very little advance from HoMM3.My issue is the optimisation. I have never heard my cooling fan work so hard.My PC exceeds the recommended spec from the publisher, and I even tried setting every option down to the lowest level.Still was enough to cause my PC to crash.Looking at feedback (wish I had read more carefully before purchasing) the overheating has been an ongoing issue for some players, but it doesn't seem to have been addressed.To add insult to injury, Steam will not refund the game (even for Steam credit) since it took me just over 4 hours to discover that Ubisoft couldn't be bothered to spend the time they saved presenting a mostly-updated HoMM3 as a new game on optimising the code."
,Not Recommended,321960,24584489,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,PhamTrinli,"This game still has so many little problems and bugs that all add up to a frustrating time trying to play itIf you're dead set on buying it, I would wait until the expansion comes out in early august. It is supposed to include a lot of fixes and changes for the better.The AI is dumb as a brick as well. Even the combat AI for neutral enemies...Once you've spent about 4 hours chasing down enemy heroes with no armies in them on a large map, you'll appreciate how frustrating the AI tactics can be at times as well.The animations and animation timing - despite going through multiple major revisions - are still barely acceptable.There are multiple issues tied to adjusting the gameplay speed settings..For some reason it forces you to stare at a blank screen while enemies fight combats in multiplayer.. (in previous versions you could still look around at the world and examine things, etc.)The music is uninspiredThe sound effects are decentThere are multiple balance issues with certain skills and units which still need to be worked outThe map editor is a disaster. A resource hog, unoptimized even in the least, and crashes frequentlyBasically Ubisoft WAYYYY underbid the project costs on this game and didn't give the company who got it even half enough time to properly finish it, before forcing them to shove it out the door to meet some arbitrary marketing date."
76561198035856260,Not Recommended,321960,18327211,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LunarGear,This just shameful.Landscape is poorly done.Game sound is not inspiration.Story is bland.Missing  inferno race.User interface is a bloody mess.No user guide for the new boys and girls.This feels like a unfinished game.
,Not Recommended,321960,18380026,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,silverdark,"I dont write rewievs often, but HOMM series is a jewel in my gaming history. Still feelin so sad to write a negative rewiev about one of my beloved series. I bought the game just on its release and even people here were sharing negative reviews about game on its first day, i didnt care and honestly i didnt meet with any bugs or crushes unlike the ppl talking about when i started to play the game. For a week it was still ok. Yes game itself lacking many major features (fail cinematics and artwork, inconvenient battle sound etc.) but was still bearable since i mostly look for playability and challange.But after a week, when i am back from another city for a couple of days and wanted to play again but couldnt load my campaign save. Tried to fix it but i couldnt. After 10 mins i even couldnt launch the game. The game i was playin with no crashes for a week was not launching this time. And yes this is terribly annoying.In conclusion my opinions about the game (i stilll feel sad to write those about that masterpiece series)Negatives- After playing so long, be prepared to have crashes and never be sure that you can load your game from your desired save, cose it may be corrupted already.- AI is dumb. Even with a crap army but with a decent hero, you can win against AI easily.- Units are unbalanced. It shouldnt be that hard for a pack of elite unit to kill a weakling pack of core unit. But you cant...- Artwork is not beatiful as other HOMM series. e.g in HOMM3 remember city artworks, but HOMM7 towns look like a cheap japanese manga cover-Some unit artwork is pointless (check upgraded asassin and black (fearie) dragon)-Sometimes AI turn takes hellishly long- Crappiest cinematics ever-Not a great selection of talent trees and might and magic heroes are not designed well according to their speciality. Why would i have 3x spell talent tree but crap might tree on a ranger hero??-Artifacts are not alluring like in previous series. I shouldnt be fighting with  zounds of undead in a crypt just to get +2 defence cloak...- Outdated graphics in total- No random map generator and so few maps in core game-Game seems like it is beta and not finishedPositives-Campaign story is very nice-Playability and gameplay is good and not boring. Feels like kinda between homm3 and homm5- City features like spying/sabotaging etc. are really nice additions.- Item sets are also nice addition for gameplay- No spells to be abused and mastering on magic heroes is not a piece of cake as on previous series but when mastered it is really powerful- Racial talents on heroes are reallly nice. (Righteousness and natures revenge are lovely )I still dont say dont buy this game, buy this game after its fixed, buy it but NOT NOW"
76561197975490778,Not Recommended,321960,18329011,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,JiveTurkey=VX9=,"What happens when you take the textures from Heroes V, the music from Heroes VI, remove one of the races (for future DLC release), limit the 3D engine to 270 degress of rotation hiding unfinished objects, have cut scenes with no animation and no tutorial?  Heroes VII, $49.99 or local regional equivalent."
,Not Recommended,321960,18304648,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ReAnimA,"Bucket of bugs, crashes, low-quality content for 40 pounds. What a shame Ubisoft."
76561198065867958,Not Recommended,321960,18307603,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,kugelblitz777,"bugged as hell, cant complete some missions, dont buy until its patched and on sale"
76561198052727716,Not Recommended,321960,18335770,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,kayservictor,"I am a long time player of the Might and Magic series as well as the Heroes line.  I am so disappointed in this game that it makes my inner child cry.  The game crashes and bugs out regardless of what I am trying to do.  Until Ubisoft gets a real fix for this game, do NOT buy it."
,Not Recommended,321960,24367480,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Varenx,"I must say I'm incredibly frustrated with this title. I find it mind boggling how incompetent the devs are. I fail to see how they can mess up a simple, turn based game's net code to the point where out of sync issues happen every game. In the 24 hours I've played of this steaming pile I managed to finish ONE game and that was far from fun when the game's ""EXPERT AI"" (as advertised in the trailer) kept throwing empty heroes at my town (seriously, I had like 8 boats on my shores...) while my teammate just went and took their EVERYTHING and was completely ignored.Pile of trash, don't buy it. You'll regret it. I'll wait for the next patch and the DLC and will change my revise this review if it's appropriate. Until then, I'm boycotting Ubisoft. Never seen a less competent team of developers under such a moronic publisher. Byeeee.Edit as of 8th of August, 2016. Please, please DON'T buy this game. The long awaited patch 2.0 didn't fix any of the issues, the multiplayer is still utterly broken. It's unplayable. For the single player campaign I'd just wait for a sale, that works okay barring some minor issues from what I've seen but in 30 hours of gameplay I still only have a single completed scenario in multiplayer (described above). It's junk, untested, not worth the time you're inevitably going to lose if you want to enjoy it with friends.UPDATE: 27th September 2016, patch 2.2. The game is still unplayable. Bugs uncovered in the FIRST 15 MINUTES of gameplay so far:* Some random resources can't be picked up from the ground (Savage Sea)* First two times I tried to host a game the lobby worked fine, my friend could join. Then afterwards it just didn't work, he couldn't see the game in the server list* My friend's wolves were standing on top of sentinels (on the same grid!) in combat* Two hard freezes for my friend on Haven, Savage Sea, position 2. Each time when he fought for the ore mine and each time the computer hard locked and had to be rebooted. ONLY occured on the ore mine fight* Missing stats:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=771089428- Very helpful indeed, %stat is a good way to describe itStill a pile of garbage, I recommend staying well clear. GoG sells Heroes 3 Complete, go for that one instead. ;)"
,Not Recommended,321960,18299098,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ProstheticAIM,Terrible back step... playing number 3 was awesome then 5 was a really good turn with graphics and was awesome but this game is a JOKE the graphic hav gone way back your base is now a badly drawn 2d image the cutscenes are stills with a voice over that you cannot tell who is talking.-Bad 2d cutscenes-slow-not a progressive campaign-2d base-glitchy guiI was going to get a refund if i hadnt played over 2 hoursBe aware severe let down they are just pumping out quick games
,Not Recommended,321960,18803838,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Skallax,"I'm a fan o HoMM series since the very beginning. Although the series loses it's power in the most recent incarnations this last one simply consolidate the death of this great franchise.When I first saw the reviews I refused to believe and insisted this could be a great title... What a mistake!To summarize: this game is terrible (period). It is completely glitchy, save games got corrupted every time (even after the fixes), graphics are inferior than the Heroes VI version, simple sound effects are non-existent when you pick something on the map, and the list continues endlessly...If you are a fan like me, you probably heard or played Disciples (which is a twisted/sibling copy of MM Heroes). You know, Disciples series has its merits and I like it as well. But If you really want to understand my frustrations you can compare Heroes VII to Disciples III (the most terrible of the series). When you put these two games side by side I can't even decide who is the worst."
,Not Recommended,321960,23095652,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,bitmaid,"What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job Ubi.I'm the sort of person who buys games randomly so a lot of games I bought were at least a year since release, and for that reason all the previous ♥♥♥♥-ups were just hearsay and I didn't know how bad it is. Until now. This time I've witnessed your unprofessional abusive irresponsible behaviors first hand from start to finish.When I first heard of Shadow Council I thought great I get to see the game in development! Then what do I see? Mistakes after mistakes. First you had the audacity to put Inferno up for a vote with Dungeon, do you know how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is? Now the game is without Inferno and Dungeon is the only villain (barely), do you know how boring that is?Then you had the gall to use recycled assets, again! You had plenty of time but you just chose not to put in the money and effort. But what bothers me is you keep saying that this is a great comeback, something that resembles H3 and H5. And look at what you have made, what a disgrace.The artstyle is not worthy of the Heroes name and the townscreens are the most hideous I've ever seen. Also if you don't fix the still 3D figures at the council table, it will be a laughing stock for eternity. Characters talking without animation, only you can make something so stupid like this, Ubi.Plenty of people were vocal about the right direction the game should take while it was being developed, but you just had to do it the hard way. You have to make your own pizza wheel and change the whole thing after release. Today as of 5/20/2016 you have delayed the patch that's supposed to fix the dumb AI and a bunch of other game-breaking bugs, are you out of your mind? Nearly 1 year after initial release this game still has the dumbest AI on the planet. You do know the current state of the AI completely undermines the very fundamentals of the game right? Have you stopped giving ♥♥♥♥s altogether?Well I have. I saw you terminating the PR stunt (shutting down the SC site) and releasing these half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥patches. I feel like the goal of these unhelpful patches are here to say that ""we still offer game support"" (no you don't"" instead of solving actual problems.Perhaps while Far Cry and Assassin's Creed keep making you money you don't care how this franchise does because it doesn't have any sentimental value to you and you'll trash it like so when the fans won't simply take whatever piece of trash you handed to them, but hey, ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,321960,18259220,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ace,"I bought this game to play with my friends. Its awesome for the first 10-15 turns, and then the game becomes out of synch or freezes on an AI's turn. When it becomes out of synch your game will crash, when it freezes you can stare at your screen for awhile until you decide to eventually give up all the time you just put in trying to play with your friends. I attempted this multiple times making save games at certain spots so my friends an I could checkpoint. That didnt work either because it requires your friends to have the save game as well and disallows them to join (even if they were the player in the game with you and were in the game at the time of the save). This game was nothing but a waste of time and money... These bugs were known issues in the Beta, and the problems still persist. Fix the bugs before release or dont release it at all."
76561197993324410,Not Recommended,321960,18318734,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,drake,"I'd have to not recommend this game just for the ammount of bugs that really break the game.  From the bugs that occur, it feels closer to a alpha -> beta transition than a beta -> release transition as the bugs are blattant and trigger easily doing required actions.  The AI is apaulling in that enemy creatures focus on either stacks you can't replace in your base or just smalled stack to penalize for the new moral system rather than actually focus on any of your creatures that matter.  The AI heroes will ignore pretty much anything non-mine or base related and will even sacrifice heroes.  As such, there ai is easy to pick-off and trick into destroying stacks of creatures of your choice.  The weird trend of removing one faction from a previous game is still in trend as there's no infernal faction anymore but the new factions are interesting.  The spells still feel rediculously overpowered for mage heavy characters, but the melee characters are a legitimate alternative now at least.  The base aspects of the game and new features feel good all around, but aren't even close to polished and there are some sever balance issues that need to be addressed to.  Finally the amount of non-campaign maps for single player is beyond pitiful.tl;dr?Wait for this game to get fixed and improved and then take another look at it later on, but don't get this game as it currently stands as you will just find it frustrating due to the lack of content and massive amount of bugs riddling the game.  The game feels rushed and playing it for even a short time it becomes painfully apparent that the dev team did not have sufficient time / resources, or just didn't take the project seriously."
76561198032653870,Not Recommended,321960,19295578,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,IdoNotPlayCarry,"This game is still unplayable buggy. It gets worse with every new patch. For every bug they fix, ten new ones come up.   This game is a desaster and have nothing in common with previous hero parts. I don't think they will ever get it beyond alpha state. Stay away from it."
76561198007105026,Not Recommended,321960,18304262,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Maelkorin,"Typical of the garbage we get through Uplay.   So many issues at release, multiplayer unable to connect.  Unable to set a multiplayer game as friends only.. list goes on.   Should get a refund for this.."
76561198033842204,Not Recommended,321960,28205290,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,uk_ketty,"If you are a HOM fan then the next iteration is going to be a must, if not then the previous iteration is pretty similar. There are cosmetic changes where the maps appear more 3D as they are using the Uneal engine.I have to admit that I am rather underwhelmed by the offering and I would not purchase this game at full price. Heroes V was a breakthrough though the lack of modding capabilities kinda spoiled it. The Mod editor is back and straightforward to use. The random maps feature is my favorite as I tend not to play the main quests. Sadly Ubisoft lock certain graphical options until you have achieved certain quest achievements which, though these things are minor, I feel like I paid for a game that requires me to play what I don't care for in order to get the full functionality.If I pay for a game then achievements should be optional not mandatory. After all this is not a MMORPG.Now I run a pretty high end PC with multiple SLI cards and the large maps with dungeon level have a red exclamation point telling me it might crash. This is kind of annoying because it does crash and I suspect this to be due to sloppy memory programming on the part of the developers (an excuse often used when a weakly tested product hits the market) as my system runs some pretty memory heavy graphics applications which don't crash. I used to work as a software developer so trust me I know this.This game could have been a lot more and sadly because all these software publishers only care about profit they have cut some pretty harsh corners. The graphics are a slight improvement on Heroes VI, but only slight and I mean it. In fact some of the graphics are really poor considering what they could have been.Pros. Random map generator.Cons. Poor memory managementMuch of the same old same oldExpansion is hardly worth the moneyRequires a powerful PC graphics system which it should not need considering the quality of the graphics.The spell, hero and battle graphics are not new but borrowed from HOMM VI which is annoying.So apart from nerds like myself who have been playing HOMM since version I and will always buy it because we're suckers for it, I cannot recommend this game at its full price. It is worth $9.99 in reality, especially if you consider other games at the $50-60 price point like Skyrim, COD and the like."
76561198252707856,Not Recommended,321960,18338222,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,dreamevil,"Absolutely awful! The game have huge count of bugs! If you want to see interesting company, smart AI, it is not about this game. Ubisoft have developed half-done product, and try to sell it!"
76561198030578459,Not Recommended,321960,23229432,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Sylvia,"As a big fan of HoMM series, I'm so disappointed that so long after release this game still has countless bugs. At this point I just wish they would have the mercy to end this title instead of ruin it again and again."
,Not Recommended,321960,18258219,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ArcaneWeapon,"To be honest, I'm kind of shocked right now.TLDR: I go into a lot of details, but overall 7 brings nothing to the table that 6 doesn't already do better.  And the graphics are really terrible.  Thanks to Steam's new refunds I'd recommend checking it out for yourself, but personally I'm going to be refunding this.I've played every Heroes of Might and Magic game since 4 and I always look forward to the next iteration.  They've had their ups and downs over the years, but each game has changed the gameplay in a refreshing manner while still sticking true to what we've come to know and love about the series (for the most part).  Sadly, 7 falls FAR short of this.First off the biggest and most upsetting part of the game that struck me right off: the art.  This is 2015.  Games are coming out each looking more beautiful and amazing than the last.  And yet this game looks like it came out 10 years ago.  You start the campaign to horribly low poly 3D models that they were even too lazy to even animate.  The 2D drawings that introduce the individual factions campaigns looks better than this horrific series of still shots of 3D models.  In game, the art is all much lower quality than it was in 6 as well, I even booted it back up afterwards just to make sure it wasn't my imagination.  I'm running both games on High and it's night and day between the two games with 6 easily looking far better.But gameplay is what really matters at the heart of things.  I was willing to overlook the shockingly poor art quality if the game at least played well.  It doesn't.I started on the Dungeon campaign since they're my favorite faction (YAY, they're not DLC this time!) and was insantly disapointed that everything looks exactly as if I were playing Heroes 6 (minus the crappy art of course).  The buildings your heroes interact with are all identical in appearance and functionality, most everything seems completly reused.  Navigation is the same as always as is town manegment (although more on that in a bit).  My first hero leveled up easily thanks to a 1k exp shrine and I was taken to the talent wheel to pick a new skill.  Selection seems to be drastically down from the customization you had in 6.  I can't comment on this too much though since I never got a hero to level 3 to select more than one new skill.Combat is identical to 6.  Heroes behave exactly the same, attacking or using a spell once per turn.  Troops act based off of initiative and use luck and morale identically.  In fact the only difference I noticed at all in combat was that the game lied to me and told me that my units wouldn't be retaliated against when, in fact, they were causing me to lose half my assassin stack.  However, unlike in 6 there's no rewarding audio or animation on attacks.  Your units just sluggishly walk around the board and half-assedly wack your opponents with no real impact.  A large part of this is likely the lack of any real good audio cues possibly, but combat just seemed really dull and boring.So back to town manegment.  Town screens are animated and look decent so that fiasco from 6 didn't repeat itself.  I do have to say that the town screen is actually quite beautiful.  The Dungeon town is by FAR the best looking art I saw in the game, if only the rest of the game had recieved the same treatment as this.  I'm not a fan of the building upgrade UI, but that's pretty minor.Oh and Inferno fans?  Your faction was removed, so if you don't like playing the other factions you should probably steer clear.  Maybe they'll get the DLC treatment that Dungeon got in 6, but considering how much outrage that recieved I'm pretty shocked they did it again.  On second thought, maybe it's not actually that surprising.So to wrap everything up, ultimately to me 7 feels like a DLC extension to 6.  The game looks the same (only worse), plays the same, and just doesn't seem to do anything that 6 isn't already doing just as well if not better.  The game also performs far worse on my computer for some reason, averaging around 20 FPS at High as opposed to the 50 FPS I get on High with 6.  The lack of Inferno as a faction is incredibly annoying and if it ends up being DLC as well it just seems incredibly greedy.  I'm going to be refunding the game and sticking to 6 since it just seems like a better game to me."
76561197983155833,Not Recommended,321960,23831882,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,(  G_G  ),DO NOT BUY THIS! Game is just a rushed developlment that lost all features from the previous game that offers way more... ai is dumb beyond limits ... will just wait to get killed or sometimes cast spells that dammage their own units for no reason...no custom heroes or special artifacts..no unit diversity....honestly graphics are pretty much same as heroes 6 and even less with the notifications now which is just a plain cheap box that was ripped straight from heroes 3.....this is a cash grab version and not an actual game sorry to the fans of this game.......
76561198026311927,Not Recommended,321960,18265073,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Christiano,"0/10!! Would not recommend!The game is filled with bugs, runs very poorly and generally seems extremely rushed! Maybe in ½ a year it'll be worth buying but in the current state it is completely unplayable.Don't let Ubisoft fool you like they fooled me. Stay away!"
76561198122343934,Not Recommended,321960,18256101,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,matt16_10_91,"Well, well, well... Ubisoft strikes again. Having been a staunch fan of the series since Heroes 3 I was full of hope for this game and with Heroes 7 we were promised a return to the glory days of the Might and Magic series by combining the best features from previous games with some exciting new additions. As it turns out that was simply the set up to a joke, the punchline being this game, and I for one could not be less amused.I won't even comment on the Uplay aspect as thousands already have and their complaints have clearly fallen on deaf (read: uninterested) ears as the platform is still being pushed. I will simply take you through my  Heroes 7 experience.Giddy with delight at the prospect of playing a new Heroes game full of promise, judging by the pre-release gameplay videos, I purchased the game before release. Not just the game but the deluxe edition. As such there began a waiting period where Heroes 7 sat majestically in my library shining brightly like the bastion of turn based strategy I hoped it would be. If only I had looked a little deeper and seen the carefully woven fabrication or opened my nostrils and smelled the mile thick coating of polish that adorned the turd that was this latest Ubisoft offering. But i digress; the day finally arrived... it was ready to play.With a slight tremor of excitement I moved my mouse to the play button and, as a lonely bead of nervous sweat rolled down my temple, with bated breath I pressed it. Little was I to know that was the most fun I'd have. After what seemed like an eternity there began an intro. 'Ok', i thought to myself, 'not too bad, don't judge yet' as the lacklustre videocontinued. I arrived at the main menu and was instantly struck by the garish colours and dare i say lazy menu design. But yet again I resisted the urge to give up and pushed on; 'maybe the gameplay will make up for it' I thought to myself.Having selected campaign there began a 'video' intro to the campaign. Now the observant among you will be wondering why i have left video in quotes. The campaign intro is in fact a series of static pictures that are pushed across the screen with some clunky, poorly acted dialog playing simultaneously. This all but confirmed in my mind my earlier  suspision of laziness. I then reached a point at which I could select one of several campaigns and lo and behold after choosing one i was treated to some more static images pushed across the screen with further uninspiring commentary. It was at this point I began to take some personal offence at the release of what I was already beginning to suspect was a shoddy, unfinished mess.All this could have been forgiven however had the gameplay been of a high standard. To say the gameplay is clunky is to say the heart of the sun is a little warm. In comparison to other games in the series the movement around the campaign map and the combat both felt sluggish and mired.  While the faction town was visually appealing the menu was again  cumbersome and unwieldy and the town was lacking in customisation options. The hero skill wheels were disappointing too and provided dull, minor benefits at best. All in all the gameplay was as poorly implemented and devoid of innovation as all that had come before. After my campaign attempt I tried twice to begin a single player scenario. Both times the game crashed when trying to load the list of available scenarios. I struggle to comprehend how Heroes 7 made it through the testing phase to the point of release in the state it is. The only explanation i can think of is that somehow a build from very early in the development cycle has accidently been released (fingers crossed the mistake will be rectified).And with my foray into the underwhelming gameplay the offence was complete. All that was left was to remove it from my system, scrub my eyes that they might recover from the horror they witnessed and try to move past the extreme regret i felt that day.In conclusion: thank you Ubisoft for my 'deluxe' piece of garbage."
76561197988416057,Not Recommended,321960,18438575,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,lastrites4,"Game-breaking horrid AI. Examples:Playing on Heroic, single player skirmish maps. Campaigne map:- AI wanders around aimlessly, does not take open resources or mines months into the game.-AI walks around with secondary heroes with no troops, if you make a hero with 1 lvl 1 troop you can kill 90% of all heroes.-There is no movement strategy for weaker heroes then yours, most of the time they dont even bother to try and get away.Battles:-High init stacks that cannot make it across the map in 1 turn walk right up to your army and stand there for a free shot, instead of moving up a couple of hexes and being in possition to hit you on turn 2. (AI never uses wait)-Archer units go into defend mode if a melee unit stands next to them.-AI moves in random directions at times when there are obstacles(sometimes backwards)Basically there is no challenge what so ever. Everyone loves winning , but if there is no risk of defeat there is no point to play."
76561198035784309,Not Recommended,321960,18287817,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NoblesseOblige,"stay away until fully patched, dont join in on the regret train like most of loyal fans at the moment. what a shame"
76561198026320110,Not Recommended,321960,18256077,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Riptor90,"This will be my first review, so that tells you something about how disappointed I am with this game.For all it's flaws, I enjoyed Heroes 6, but hated the arbitrary difficulty the AI received in the campaigns.  I have played all the other Heroes games, with 2 and 3 probably being among my favorites.I was excited to get into a new Heroes game, with fresh updates on graphics and gameplay.  What I got was a whole lot of disappointment.While the graphics look nice, I feel like 6 was cleaner looking and in motion.  The animations are clunky, from movement to attacks.  And the combat sounds.  Oh good grief, the combat sounds.  They are either horrible, or flat out don't exist.  There are no impact noises to speak of.  The music will play once through, then just stop.  So you are playing a battle, which should be exciting, without much combat sounds, and no music.  It's horrible, and ruins the gameplay for me.And the don't get me started on the cinematics.  They are atrocious.  It's 2015, and every charcter stands frozen like a statue, giving speeches without moving lips or their bodies.  I enjoyed the opening cinematic from Heroes 3 far more than I did this one, which is saying something.Until these things are fixed (specifically the buggy sounds, and the non existant sounds), I have no desire to play this game.  It should never have come out of beta like this, and needs quite a bit more time to develop.  I cannot recommend this game, and that saddens me, for my first review and because it's a franchise I love.  If the game gets updated and fixed to work properly, I will edit my review.  Until then, don't buy it.  You'll be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,321960,19511742,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BustedDroid,"This game is just terrible. I mean, I played Heroes VI, and that game had an amazing amount of content with an amazing attention to detail. This game has absolutely terrible attention to detail, and a seemingly half***** story with characters that don't even move during cutscenes. In addition the game is chock full of bugs and glitches, and it seems like the devs are only making it worse instead of fixing it. I bought this game with the assumption that it would be like Heroes VI, but it's nothing like the game I loved. Honestly, if your a fan of the series, or a  fan of decent games in general, DON'T consider this game. It's a huge dissapointment, and I wish there was some way I could get my money back for it. Honestly don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,321960,22661867,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Nevlamas,"At this point I consider it a moral obligation never to give Ubisoft any money ever again.This is what happens if you turn a game studio into a corporation. Mass-production, mass-salvaging of resources, outsourcing to incapable studios, ridiculous deadlines, no aftercare for the half-finished release, no love or interest for the product, let alone the venerated series they defile. To hell with them."
76561198023800623,Not Recommended,321960,18278537,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,vellu,It's nice but;Campaign doesn't work -> Got crash in end of map and mission bugged.Map editor doesn't work -> Got crash on save.Random crashes in multiplayer too mostly long games.Lots of weird Bugs in combat.Most weird bug so far =passed one turn and it continued passing turns until I had to hit ctrl + alt + delete.Not worth 30€ too short experience without restarts.Campaign cutscenes feels like something missing they are not moving mouth when talking.Would recommend this game... but I crashed.
76561197984800076,Recommended,321960,32572604,Posted: 19 June,all,Alivender,"I'll be brief.The good:- Units are unique and quite well balanced- Spells are interesting and also quite well balanced.- Hero progression is fantastic' very nicely paced and every new level is excitiing with new abilities.- Classic gameplay closely resembling HoM&M3.- There is a Random Map Generator for that infinite replayability!The bad:- There are still some crashes left in the game. Rare, but still.- The town screens are ugly (subjective) and have unfinished interface.I don't really care about cutscenes and music etc. I care about gameplay and I am enjoying the gameplay immensely, therefore the thumbs up."
76561198033756152,Not Recommended,321960,18574817,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,mistakc,"This game is so poorly tested it's actually amazing. I'm talking putting an ability point into a champions tree causes a hard in game crash. Also the saving and loading is horrible. It's difficult to get the game to launch for one thing. And my hand to god I think i have had my progress lost in each attempt i've made to play this game for more than an hour at once. What I mean is that I have tried multiple different campaigns and after each time i have an unloaded save state, i try a new campaign, but the same thing keeps happening. I gave up after like 4 tries and a custom game that wasn't beatable (learned something bugged after about 3-4 hours). Pretty awful and embarrassing overall."
76561198037249282,Not Recommended,321960,31400513,Posted: 27 April,all,RevanTheGod,The Multiplayer legit does not work. I would have loved to recommend this game but a huge part of it is to play with friend(s) but the online part does not work. It crashes after an hour or so of gameplay and we have tried multiple different methods to get it to work. This is a known bug but ubisoft said they are not working on this game any further so the bug is not getting fixed
76561198006718974,Not Recommended,321960,18277104,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Glaeken,"I waited for that game. I wanted to love him like I did for every installment since the 3rd but in its current state I cannot recommend it !..It's not a graphic upgrade compared to VI ... In fact pretty much the other way around ...I could have lived with that but the mess up on the technical level is unbearable : It can crashes on you at start, in the middle of a battle or while you're saving ... Nice variety, good work guys !..Now on the gameplay level one can wonder, how does it fare ? Well a few elements back (caravans ..) and some off (Dynasty weapons ..) but especially the bothersome feeling that you're playing a cheaper version of VI ! The fact that they are reusing a lot of its 3D models isn't helping ...In the end i'm just so mad at myself I missed the 2 hours limit for refund ... Don't make the same mistake ! This game still needs a lot of work ... Wait for another 6 months or until it hits the bargain bin !.."
76561198041623135,Not Recommended,321960,26304281,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,bohicette,"I have loved the HoMM series since 2.  3 is one of the greatest games of any genre I have ever played.  This game however is an Ubisoft cash grab,  Except for minor things like flanking in battles, it really offers nothing new over 6, which I thought was a pretty decent game after all of the patches and expansions.  This game is just a dark rehash of predecessors in the series.Also I would encourage anyone who wants to pick this up as of 10/2016 to save your money as Ubisoft is basically abandoning support for it after barely a year.  Sad, really, really sad.HoMM fans can only hope that a real publisher steps up and saves the franchise from the wretched Ubisoft business practices.3.5 / 10"
76561198022969988,Not Recommended,321960,18279685,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bad Motherfucker,"This is a Random Map Generator review.The ONLY reason I bought this game is because of RMG.I don't care that it's not in game anymore and instead in map editor. It's something I can live with.However RMG sucks balls and if you are like me and get this game only because of RMG, then you will be disappointed.It has too few options and feels like it was put there just so people like us who want RMG will buy the game.This is the first game I'm asking for a refund.At least wait until (if) they fix it with a patch or expansion. It's not worth it at the moment."
,Not Recommended,321960,19263717,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Lord Andradus,"This game is terrible. Notice that period? Yeah I mean ""This game is terrible PERIOD""In depth-analysisThis game is not a heroes of might and magic game. If not this one just takes the papers and everything ""Heroes of might and magic"" and wipes its♥♥♥♥♥with it because why the ♥♥♥♥ not? To be honest they did a ♥♥♥♥ing terrible job with this, it's pretty bad if Heroes of might and magic 6 is better than this bug infested crazy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Let's see why.Graphics:Alright, alright I know ""Graphics aren't everything!"" But look at what I said back in the beginning paragraph below the starting sentence. ""it's pretty bad if Heroes of might and magic 6 is better"". This also includes; guess what? If you guessed graphics you are correct (why else would there be an answer other than the topic which is literally graphics). Now let's look at this. Oh god, I can't believe this. They reused the units textures and meshes from heroes of might and magic 6???? For what looks to be Haven and the Inferno? (I'll talk about inferno later) Oh and what's this? they don't look as detailed! WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ all the creatures in the game aren't as detailed as the ones in the game ""Heroes of might and magic 6"" hell even the terrain in ""Heroes of might magic 6"" was better. The town screens were better in 6 and the building screen looks less like an orgy in 6. It's just the artists were lazy, otherwise they would have tried harder not to make the golems looks like the golden army in Hell Boy -.- ( I could explore more into this but I am to lazy look into other reviews)Game-play:Alright, I'll have to admit the game-play is rewarding BUT not FUN. I say rewarding is because you can try to manage to put up with impossible odds and feel this warm sensation of achievement. It's not fun because you'll be screaming at your screen telling the game to ""♥♥♥♥ off"" ""You can suck♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; ""ETC"": for deleting your spells, saves, your sanity, even your love and devotion for the series/franchise. But, the main game-play after you whip everyone's asses calms down to a slow and steady halt... BEFORE IT SAYS NOPE AND JUST RAMS AN ARMY THAT IS BIGGER THAN YOURS UP THE ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥( This song EXACTLY displays what the game is saying to you:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPGa6vzfvqk). Then there's the most horrible problem this game has. They have glitches. These glitches don't care; they will ram their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so far down your throat you will cry and quit the game (Trust me I lost my sanity from this game.) These are so game breaking you can't even complete the whole ♥♥♥♥ing campaign! An example of this was when I was playing my wizards all innocent only to go to the 3rd map to discover that yellow jerk-off yanky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a mother ♥♥♥♥er sitting there on this one linear path that I NEED TO PASS. The glitches in a short sentence is: The glitches will ruin everything for you in the game. Now remember, that one sentence you love (I hope) ""it's pretty bad if Heroes of might and magic 6 is better"". In fact that game you could do the following: own dynasty equipment, convert towns and forts, play a game that is less bug ridden, have pets that do things for you, actually have story, but most important have good solid game-play not fantastic nor bad but solid. Actually incorporate a difficulty to the game than just spamming armies of the thousands.  Here's the simple solution to fix the game-play problems... alright your ready? Are you sure? Okay, okay just stop screaming at me. Just play Fallout (any fallout).Story and lore:Okay, I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ but if you get rid of my demons I will flip the ♥♥♥♥ out with my♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean really? How hard did they have to masturbate to have the idea of getting rid of a core faction to the franchise??? (I told you I would talk about this but NOOO you didn't believe me. Right, back on topic.)  and the story oh god, (also spoilers!) I can't complete the stupid academy campaign (Refer to the paragraph above) and I flat out abandoned it. I don't get the advisors though; in all of my 100+ hours of game-play I have only found ONE advisor incorporated to the escapades of a hero only to disappear the next map which is dungeon. Then there's the Academy where (So far) it's story is so tangled with all of these characters that are introduced out of nowhere you're lost (Well I lost interest in the second mission) like Masfar the old ♥♥♥♥ and then the gay lesbian duo in the first map to the good hearted prince who destroys his hard work in the end to kill some 500+ Shantri titans that appear out of ♥♥♥♥ing nowhere then you have to travel into this portal to get this flower that somehow ends up in your possession even if the first map hero still has it only to follow a really narrow path, oh and that's as far as I got before that yellow yanky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ got there. Then there's the Orc story which I could NOT give a single solid♥♥♥♥♥♥about but so far that's the story that I find has a good story in it (mind you I haven't finished Haven nor the Necropolis campaign.). Then there's the weak♥♥♥♥♥pansy elves who I couldn't give a flying♥♥♥♥♥♥even if you offered me a million dolla... okay maybe not then even if you offer me thousands I would not care and I wouldn't waste my life on that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""Oh I'm a pirate and I am going to help these random♥♥♥♥♥elves that I JUST MET even if that means I will die to escape this job of being a ship captain which is much easier than helping a bunch of fools. Before being offered a choice in the end to become a captain or a tree hugging hippy."" Need I explain more?Lastly, Overall:Over all I am so disappointed with this game I need to visit the old great games like heroes of might and magic 3 and 5 to try to regain and go back to my love for this franchise and to hopefully regain back my sanity from this egregious piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ bug ridden, fake heroes of might and magic game. So in the end I am giving it a 3/10 because it has some value and not a lot of value, I deducted points partly from the ♥♥♥♥ing glitches oh the horror, OH THE HORROR! Now a recap: the stories are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game-play is kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ the graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the inferno being removed is♥♥♥♥♥♥(Seriously I can't get over that), the building mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the Orcs are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the elves are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the academy is♥♥♥♥♥♥for being to overpowered, the elves are definitely♥♥♥♥♥♥ Haven is meh, Necropolis is meh, the custom single player games are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay temporarily down is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥for releasing so many buggy games lately, etc.Individual scoresStory - 1/10 --- [See update below. Originally 3/10]Game-play - 2/10Graphics - 4/10 ( I mean they aren't that bad to me at least could have been better than heroes of might and magic 6)Total: 2/10Disclaimer - I am too lazy to correct grammar errors you have come across. Thank you for reading though :DUpdate: Just played the Haven campaign don't know how I persuaded myself but I did, the campaign sucks so much! *BOOM* meaningless map with meaningless character once again! Magic Demon out nowhere (Incorporate my demons already! You already did so. Like shia labeouf said ""Just do it!"" [Told you I was not letting that go.])  Oh! Wait your dad's a bloodsmith? Don't care, and now he's facing the armada when they could've sent the strongest force to avoid loses, we're so edgy declaring war on the GRYPHON EMPIRE that is ♥♥♥♥ing 10X stronger than your weak♥♥♥♥♥force. What's the point of these stories if everything is hundreds of years in the past? Lastly, why? Just... why? Making herose worse are you serious? Changing the God-send ability of full range to just a measly 3+ damage to range damage just why? That's going to far with ""Balancing issues"" Your balancing has now completly destroyed the way the campaign plays. God, these people spent all of their funds on P0RN and not the game itself. Poor, poor developement."
76561198141538205,Not Recommended,321960,23699818,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,doctorhayvan,"I played the first HoMM when I was only 12 years old and I'm a diehard fan of the series. Although the series has its ups and downs but 6th game was very, very good in my opinion.aaand we come to this...look there is simply no explanation for having poor animations, lousy (or no) cutscenes and almost no polishing. Ubisoft just threw some unfinished game onto the community thinking ""heroes fans will buy everything anyway"". This is plain cheap. I'm so sorry for what my childhood favorite game has become."
,Not Recommended,321960,18340791,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,pollz,This is trash. Worst heroes game so far. I can`t see any reason they made this game to be honest. Heroes 3 is better in all aspects. Major letdown..
,Not Recommended,321960,31134723,Posted: 14 April,all,Wurenben,Please sell this franchise to CD Projeckt
76561198047362178,Not Recommended,321960,18275850,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Raldaron,As for the game I think it is great I have been playing since the very first Heroes and I have liked all the new ones 4-7 I think they are great games and they make fun new improvements with each new rendition. Unlike other fanboys I think the changes are new and exciting additions.With that said I can not recommend this game at the time. I think it might very well be the best game in the series yet but I have not been able to play for more than an hour with out the game freezeing. Ubisoft makes great games but they are a overall HORRIBLE company when it comes to releasing games. I can not remember a game they have released in th last 5 years that has not been filled with bugs. I would wait a month or two to buy this game because it most likely won't be playable till then.
,Not Recommended,321960,18265664,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TormDM,"I cannot recommend this game at all. Singleplayer campaign is completely broken. You cannot load saved games (game crashs every time), campaign scripts not loading (progress blocking), etc. pp.Ubisoft (and steam) forums are full with threads about technical issues like game chrashs, game not starting at all, multiplayer not working, etc.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME (and if you already bought it and you are below 2h playtime, REFUND GAME)."
76561197972621546,Not Recommended,321960,18288230,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,welfrid,2 days since I bought the game and still I cannot even play it.Ubisoft want us to spend our money on unfinished game
76561198011420112,Not Recommended,321960,18393038,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Sadface,"Multiplayer is unplayable for everyone, no single game can ever be finished because it will be ""OUT OF SYNC"", cannot be saved or loaded. Massive Memory consumption way over 16GB for larger maps or longer games.Single Player is bugged to the point it cannot be finished.The game cannot be played, should not of been released and has of this review, 10 days in and not a single hotfix for anything.However, the part of the game you can play, those first 3 weeks in multiplayer, absolutely fantastic, shame its broken."
76561198062236447,Not Recommended,321960,23408688,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Dokata,"I had high expectations for this game, since I had played heroes once before, but it has really let me down this time.From the 4 games I played in the multiplayer modus 3 games froze during battle.We tried different savepoints, but we just couldn´t fix the bug.On top of all that crashed the games multiple times, you might argue that it´s because of bad hardware,but my PC still fulfils the requirements for this game.As I mentioned earlier I had really high expectations and a lot of love for (in my opinion) best turn basedstrategie game, but it´s simply unplayable at this point."
76561198075327801,Recommended,321960,21887963,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Zeroic,"I started playing the HoMM series since HoMM 2, but fell in love with the series at HoMM 3.An amazing concept:-Build up your town and visually see its progression.-Building up your army of epic creatures and eventually upgrade them to be even more epic.-Leveling up your hero (without a lvl cap) to become an unstoppable force, with spells, hero stats that boost your army and  skills that boost your hero/army.-A wide selection of races to play with ( the lesser known conflux and fortress for exmple), each with unique creatures (thunderbirds, the mighty gorgons, dragon flies, pit lords never forget!) and buildings.-I can keep going but most people get the idea by now ;)But with every sequal coming after HoMM 3 they kept ruining the experience in some way or another..-Heroes 4 was horrible. The creatures, the buildings, the spells, the heroes, the whole map, basically everything looked bland, pale and washed out (the music was ok).-Heroes 5 (or in my view the true Heroes 4) was enjoyable. the style was a bit cartoony but overall it was a decent game and thank god the didnt follow up on homm4's system of spells, creatures and buildings.-Heroes 6.. well all i can say is that heroes 6 was from another planet. They changed so much that it felt like a complete different game (in a bad way). I didnt recognize anything and couldnt relate to the games of old (ill call it the HoMM3 feeling). It was too smooth, too sci-fi... IMO..-Now the review of the version that matters here: HoMM7 !! (108 hours played so far)The game has a lot of positive and a bit of negative.-Looks: heroes on minimap and in combat look amazing, creatures, spells (great effects. Spells feel like your doing something big now), environment (Focus!! your in combat but damn that little streamlet oozing gently throught the landscape looks legit. Or the volcanic landscape where your screen actually shakes because of nearby eruptions.. SICK), basically everything! No negatives there.-Bugs: to my knowledge and experience non-existent (anymore perhaps?! I didnt play it at release date).-gameplay: smooth. Perhaps a little too much, because when i wanted to dig up the grail i was looking for the dig option for a good 10 minutes before i found out its an option in your spellbook... So not a 10/10 here.-Music and sounds: Maybe a little more soundtracks would make it perfect but overall it sounds nice.  8/10 in my book.-Towns: you actually have a town view again!! ty! and FU heroes 6.. When you add a building you  can actually see it in your town view. ther is a clear section where you have your hall of heroes (tavern), marketplace, warmachines (blacksmith), caravan overview etc. etc. I like it 8/10-Multiplayer/hotseat: Very disappointing really. Im talking about the amount of maps available. 10 in total with like only 2-3 large maps. Its just way Way WAY to few maps to choose from. Given theres a map editor but who has the time or will or more importantly the skill to make well thought out maps of his own. I dont have a lot of free time and i just want to play a map instead of create one. I want a map to be a surprise , so that i dont know where everything is located etc.-Factions/Races whatever..: Too few. This has been an issue with all of the HoMM versions past HoMM3. But this time we dont even have the ""Inferno/Devil/Demon"" faction... WTF I really hope that there will be some new races being added in future patches.So to conclude my rantings:Heroes of Might and Magic 7 is a good game. It again gave me a bit of  that feeling i had when i first started playing the HoMM series. If Ubisoft finetunes this game with future patches and additions in terms of maps, campaigns and factions (maybe 2-3 more) this will be a great game instead of a good one."
76561197963204520,Not Recommended,321960,28760430,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mr. Serious Shaft,"So, here we go again: A beautiful, entertaining and exciting game, chock full of bugs and completely unplayable in multiplayer. Ubisoft have parted ways with Limbic Entertainment, and they explicitly stated that no further updates will be added to this title.So, as with Might and Magic Heroes VI, Ubisoft come out as frauds, taking money from customers while delivering a broken product. Multiplayer is unplayable, and there is also several game-breaking bugs in the various campaigns. If you don't want to waste your money, do not buy this product. No wonder people call them Ubisucks."
76561197972144585,Not Recommended,321960,33717191,Posted: 22 July,all,Ghandi,"Due to all the negative feedback I waiting a long time to get this and bought it on a very decent special.I've played every heroes since 3 and liked them all. This is a heroes game, there's no doubt about it, and as such I am still enjoying it, although there are many poor qualities about this game. Overall it feels unfinished and rough around the edges.At this stage there are not many bugs, and I've come across none that are game breaking. Crashes do happen but are rare. After 3 full campaigns I've come across only one unfinishable quest due to a crash whenever you complete it - I think this is very bad for a game released so long ago. Still, this was just an optional quest. Ignore it and move on. Some minor UI bugs are common but can easily be ignored.The AI is indeed very poor and generally the difficulty is rediculously easy even at hardest difficulty. On hard difficulties the opposition strongest heroes spawn with huge armies but after that the resource gathering, town building and army recruiting of the AI is weak. Even at highest difficulty this is a faceroll. I consider this the game's greatest failure.Storyline are borderline OK. The writing is significantly worse that previous versions, but I never played Heroes much for the story so I don't care too much.The system changes regarding skills are OK, I preferred HOMM6 in this regard. I don't begrudge the studio the changes, but I do believe HOMM6's system was better. These changes do not reduce my enjoyment of the game.Verdict: Not recommended due to poor AI, the rest I can live with. I'm still glad I bought & played it as I am a long time fan, but this is clearly significantly worse quality & finishing than previous versions. For die hard fans who love HOMM still worth a buy, but my recommendation is to wait for a massively reduced price special. Do NOT buy on full price."
,Not Recommended,321960,18253551,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,GladeFrede,So filled with bugs that my girlfriend has been standing on a chair screaming for the last five hours.
76561197983341230,Not Recommended,321960,18934313,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,repoman715,"I love the Heroes of Might and Magic Series.  I have played all of them since HOMM3.  While this game does have several interesting features (i enjoy the new leveling system for example), the game is, for the most part, quite broken.  Though the dev team is working constantly and pumping out patches fairly quickly, the multiplayer is still broken after 5 major updates (each of which somehow manages to be a whopping 2 GB).I am unable to play a LAN game without the game going out of sync.  Sometimes this take a week or two, sometimes I can't even make it through a single turn.  It is the most infuriating game that I have played in quite some time, and I wish that I could still get my money back for it.  The campaigns are truly awful, there is no random map generator, and only 9 maps to play on (for skirmishes or multiplayer) and 7 extra scenarios.  The ""movies"" in game are only slightly moving 2d stills, and the 3d town interface is gone, going back to a town interface almost identical to the one used in HOMM3.And for all of this, the game uses a ridiculous amount of system resources for what is given to us.  In short this will most likely be the last game that I purchase from Ubitrash.  Good job guys! You've lost another customer!Should the game ever make it to an actual usable state, I will revisit this review.  Until then, I cannot recommend it to ANYONE.Update:  As of patch 1.5 the desync issue seems to be somewhat improved (back to what it was at launch), but it is still very much there and still very much an issue."
76561197993818268,Recommended,321960,19828134,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Hldood,"As of patch 1.6, the game runs with only *minor issues*, but does not crash or bother.The story is interesting, although a bit incoherent in some places, the gameplay is similar to Heroes 6, the visuals are nice and vivid, although some refinements could be used to highlight important stuff in reference to the background. It takes a bit to get used to the way the skill tree is made, but it's easily understood.The only real downsides at the moment are a minor bug in the way you can share artefacts between heroes (a know bug which should be treated soon) and the fact that the campaign videos start with 'statue like' heroes, which have no lip movement, no expression, it's like stone. I guess I can live with that, the hero and unit variation is nice.If these issues will be treated, it'll be 100% a solid continuation. For now, it's a 75-80% for me."
76561198013207427,Not Recommended,321960,18464783,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Deidan,Spit in the face to all the M&M fans. Bring back 3DO
,Not Recommended,321960,30802666,Posted: 28 March,all,Mr. Buttles,"Dearest Ubisoft,If you want this franchise to be a success, just remake Heroes III, nothing before or since has come close, you clearly have no idea what a Heroes game is anymore so I suggest you stop trying. With each new game things get worse and worse, what goes through you head when you greenlight this stuff?Go home, havea  good sleep, come back refreshed and try again."
76561198008186676,Not Recommended,321960,18481401,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,MJA,Thanks for the patch.  The game now crashes every 10 minutes on a new high powered gaming computer!I've been playing Heroes since the very first version and I have to say this is a total disaster in every way.   If Ubisoft had any self respect they would offer everyone their money back!I'll stick to Age of Wonders 3 until Ubisoft sells the franchise to a Company that can put out a quality product.Thanks for nothing Ubisoft!
76561198025421300,Not Recommended,321960,24704752,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,knetmakri,"I am a long-time fan of the franchise, so I dearly hope to be able to change this review at some point, but right now this game is simply unplayable.  My computer beats all of the reccomended specifications and yet STILL my attempts at play were jagged with lag and constantly interrupted by crashes.This game isn't just buggy, it's outright broken.  There's no reason for it to be shutting down non-stop on rigs where meatier games run smoothly.SAVE YOUR MONEY UNTIL THEY FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197971647328,Not Recommended,321960,18407602,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,el_duderino_30,"So, this is my very first review. I waited a few days after deinstalling the game to let the anger and frustrating settle for a bit, but the game still leaves a very stale taste.I pretty much played all HHOM and M&M games up to date, so i was pretty excited about this game. But i was sorely disapointed.First of all, the graphics and animation look way outdated. Which would be ok in a round based strategic game like this, if it would run at least smoothly, which it does not!I started playing the haven campaign and had no game breaking occurencies until mission 2, which had me restart the whole thing (quest npc didnt show up and reloading didnt help either). No Crashes and other bugs so far! But after 20 hours, minutes away from finishing this rather boring and extremly easy campaign i crashed and not a single save game was able to restore it. After an hour of restarting the game, reloading old save games or simply restarting the mission, i gave up. Nothing worked anymore!- no tutorial- no grand campaign, the mini campaigns arent connected- outdated graphics- lack of animation (advisors)- very limited customization of hero skills- game breaking bugs- very weak AIThis game is pretty much a middle finger in the face of loyal fans. Not worth the 50 € they are asking, not even 20 in the current state."
76561198045176299,Not Recommended,321960,18307213,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,cardiak21,"Talk about disappointing, I play HoMM for the campaigns and I love the progressions. This game has none of that, you can choose any faction to start, and the heroes start on various levels. One hero starts at level 30 (possible that it's only for that scenario). I hate that you can't create or choose your own heroes to start the campaigns. You get stuck with whatever skills are already predetermined for the character. I don't play online so I can't add to that. I've actually liked all of the HoMM games, yea that's right. This is the first one that I don't like."
76561198081124324,Not Recommended,321960,18761683,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,r3KoR,Worst entry to it's franchise by far. Will be the last title I bought and I have been a fan since the very first game. I endured HMMVI but Ubisoft did too good of a job in killing this franchise. Farewell from a really sad/disappointed/mad fan of Might & Magic.PS: I did not bother writing any negative review for this in detail since you can pick any random one. They pretty much reflect what I think. Constructive criticism? Why? It's not that Ubisoft cares anyways.
76561198007007506,Not Recommended,321960,18479939,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Soleum,"As a fan who's been playing the HoMM series since the 1st installment, I gotta say ""MMH"" 7 is the absolute worst one to date. I lost count of how many times I fired this up, played (tolerated) for 10-15 mins each time, and then quit to desktop. I tried once more today after they released the 1.2 patch, and I'm sorry to say it still feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥trying to play this mess. My honest opinion is that this particular game in the once-glorious series will NEVER be good. HoMM 6 wasnt great either, but at least became something half-decent after 6+ months. MMH7 however, will stay as a disgrace in every fan's memories.Pros:* Caravans are backCons:* The color palette is non-existent. It's like playing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game called 423789421 shades of grey. Everything is washed out. I can't remember how many times I missed resources on the map.* Animations (unit/hero) are exremely clunky. I played this crap on a high-end Alienware laptop, and even on lowest settings you can plainly see the the clunkiness. It's not your rig's power, but the optimization that sucks.* combat : OMFG!! Worst ♥♥♥♥ing part. Sounds are terrible, half the units are recycled from HoMM 6, animations are♥♥♥♥♥♥ spells are buggy, heroes look bland, etc etc* AI: a ♥♥♥♥ing mongoloid is smarter. after patch 1.2, they stated ""it's a work in progress"" lol.* Multiplayer: even after patch 1.2, the games still desync after a few turns. what a failure.* voice-acting: a russian♥♥♥♥♥♥could do a better job* Campaigns: meaningless stories that arent even connected* character models : on par with Quake 1 (well, ok, Quake 2)* Uplay* UBILOLI sincerely hope UBILOL goes out of business. EA is a damn god compared to these incompetent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Let me put it like this: If my wife worked for UBILOL, I'd burn her alive.------ As of patch 1.3.1, multiplayer is STILL not working. THAT'S A WHOLE MONTH AFTER THE RELEASE. UBISHIT"
76561198033158865,Not Recommended,321960,18337950,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,victormartyn,"So I was aware of the mixed reviews and thought ""hey, I´ll grab this game because they will likely fix it anyway and im ok with crashing for now""Little did I know it would kernel me and give bluescreens.Not sure I dare to load up this application again even after patching, apparently its OK to release a game that´s not going to be functional in order to ""meet a deadline"".UBisoft to me is UBfudged"
76561198113322177,Not Recommended,321960,18746593,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,shark_fin_soup,"I should start by saying that I own every game in this series and have logged more hours playing these games than any others.  I am a very devoted fan.  Scratch that.  I was until this game.  I spent hours on the inital install to get the damn thing to work.  It finally did.  Until the patch that is.  Now it no longer launches at all despite the numerous hours I spent on various support sites following ""fix"" instructions.  I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!"
,Not Recommended,321960,33966125,Posted: 2 August,all,Krugwulf,"Ubisoft is terrible, and they should feel terrible. Longtime fan of the franchise who has a pretty high tolerance for bugs, shoddy graphics and cheese dialogue. Bought shortly after it came out, unoptimized and choppy, with horrendous graphics and terrible camera angles. Waited about two years to reinstall and try again, surely it'll be patched up by now? No. Still garbage. If you haven't wasted your money, don't. So not only is the cheapness offensive, the lack of care for people that spend their hard-earned money on their terrible products is as well. Don't support bad publishers and their crappy services like uPlay.Its much worse than 4 or 5, which is upsetting because 6 seemed like a step in the right direction."
76561198046596607,Not Recommended,321960,33541989,Posted: 14 July,all,Zeppã,"Played many hours with my wife, but never finished a multiplayer game so far. WHY? because the game keeps crashing, either its out of sync or turn never ends when computer needs to move.Its unplayable in multiplayer games.This is how things will go.1. Play for like 30 minutes2. Games stops on computer turn.3. Reload game from last savegame4. Still freezes when you end turn.5. Reload from 3-4 savegame ago6. Yay it works and you can play for 10 minutes7. Now it freezes again.8. Reload from last savegame9. Nope it dosnt work, so reload from 3-4 savegames ago10. Yay works for 10 minutes.11. Out of Sync error.12. Reload from 3-4 savegames again.13. This time wife cant join the game, everytime she tries to connect, she gets kicked off.14. Only thing to do, copy my C:\Program Files (x86)\Ubisoft\Ubisoft Game Launcher\savegames\e42d34ad-b1f3-44b0-8de6-d96b28f43980\1177 folder to her folder so she can join my game again.This♥♥♥♥♥♥repeats even if you try to play another map in multiplayer.Basically, if you are a loner and wants to play by yourself, the game is okay. If you wants to play with friends, go buy another game instead of this piece of s..."
76561197993436012,Not Recommended,321960,18305366,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MrPetrov,"This game might, one day, be good. I was having a really fun time playing it, for about two hours.Until it became impossible to load games. They would take 20 minutes to load, or just crash. It is completely unplayable. It is full of other, varied, game breaking bugs: both campaign mode or discrete maps. AVOID until it is patched to a release quality and/or on sale.It is a total farce that Ubisoft have hired these incompetent developers to further wreck a cherished franchise. Shame on you!"
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,321960,18250742,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"Pretty bad tbh, for example the game is already unplayeable for me because:I hated the arrow keys to move the map, so remapped them, remapping keys breaks the game, i also can not reset them to default because guess what, it does not work.Now the game goes crazy when i touch a key so is unplayeable, only managed a few mins playtime.Refund inbound, id suggest waiting for a heavy refund."
76561198000524279,Not Recommended,321960,23804668,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TwinKnives,"This game is not done, super buggy and poorly optimized, and lacks in gameplay depth. Heroes 7 went backwards from Heroes 6"
76561198036018103,Not Recommended,321960,18339669,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,LuminousEldrazi,"I don't want to sound conceited, but this game is simply not done. Much of the game feels very half baked and rushed. My first step into a campaign the cutscenes had static models with a voice over to it and while that style can work, I expected more of a Heroes game. I know that many of the older fans are rabid about keeping things the exact same way, but this game in 2015 HAD NO TUTORIEL i mean i know enough about Heroes titles to be able to play, but did anyone who had it realise you could set a Govenor to your towns to give you bonuses? No? wonder why. Oh how bout that Theives Guild menu? Horrid. The town builder is a mess and very unappealing.If you are new to the whole Heroes system I suggest against it. The deveolpers Hate you and don't care to give you the same consideration in this game as much as they do the older players.I could say more, but the other Reviews can help you with that."
,Not Recommended,321960,18553000,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Jang!es,- Boring and messy quest design- Crappy AI- Lots of bugs and game killing memory leaks (I eventually couldn't continue playing since the game would eat all my 13-14 GB available memory and crash when I tried to load a game).
76561198000110107,Not Recommended,321960,18347852,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Gnomejon,"I'm a big fan of the franchise, and I even enjoyed 6.  This seems like it was trying to be what HoMM3 was, but it feels like it has no heart and even though its competent, its disappointing.  It pains me to say it, but I very much do not recommend this game.  If you would like to know why, I would direct you to TotalBiscuit's review of it, as it pretty well encapsulates everything wrong."
,Not Recommended,321960,18546310,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,mi,Continuing a tradition of releasing a pile of bugs pretending it's a game as part of Heroes franchise.
76561198041158961,Not Recommended,321960,18252223,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Lyper,"Multiplayer down, story line animation are so dated it looks like it have been made in 2002. no lips are moving, poor camera movement, Keep Playing the Heroes of might and magic 5 and forget about this one... TERRIBLE!!! Ubisoft Never again!"
76561198078708601,Not Recommended,321960,18265336,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,DDoS Black,"#REFUND and denounce UBISOFT!* no working multiplayer (don't have the technology, back 2 90s)* random crashes* no animation on cutscenes* foggy graphics* less diversity in creature specials compared to MM6* bugs, bugs and BUGS* by proper software development standards, it reminds late alfa/mid-beta = NOT READY TO BE MARKETED AS 1.0"
76561197979947968,Not Recommended,321960,23512602,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,eLBytes,"After playing M&M VII Haven campaign for a while I just lost interest. It is no surprise that the campaign was boring, as most of the campaigns from earlier M&M issues were boring too.I noticed after a while that the AI is dumber than a bag of hammers and unless the campaign puts it on a rail it can't fight its way out of a paper  bag. You might think that the auto-combat would be improved as it gives you the option to manually replay the results, but the trouble is you will always replay the results because the AI is killing your army when it manages the combat. So in the Campaign you'll have a boatload of little battles to fight manually.The town display didn't work right at all at 1440P the improvements didn't show up half the time and the text references to them either weren't shown or way off the mark.Town improvements are expanded, which you might think is nice, but since there's so many you have to carefully pick & choose otherwise you'll have incompatible creature variations & types from different towns, and thats if they are the same town type.The Skill Wheel suffers from the same expandititis. An actual manual would've been useful since picking skills was like throwing darts. You just don't know how to value some of them.Finally, possibly the most disappointing is the lackluster graphics. All the maps I played on were dull-looking, and have so much hill-climbing there should be a Mountain Goat skill. I just fired up HOMM5, a 10 year old game, and I liked the way it looked better than M&M VII. It could just be me/my system  but M&M VII looks smeary/foggy/smokey onscreen."
76561198030151271,Not Recommended,321960,19818671,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Sharagar,I'ts hard to like a game with so many bugs. I had to restart so many times I'm giving up.I'm at map heaven mission map 3 and at around day 6 computer will never finish is turns. I did restart the map a few times . Was hoping for patch 1.6 to fix this kind of thing.I just can't recommend a game that's has so many bugs and up to the point where you can't progress anymore.
76561198006890306,Not Recommended,321960,18299367,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Happy Sumo,"Game is fun although I agree with a lot of the comments about what needs to be improved. Having said that though, loading campaign games ends with an error saying the game isn't working. Only seems to happen to me with the campaign mode, specifically the elven one; however, other people have noted the same crashing error when loading other modes. Since the game is unplayable in some areas, I'm gonna have to give this a thumbs down. I'll edit this if/when they patch this and the other gameplay issues up"
76561198045698811,Not Recommended,321960,18327231,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,redline88,"Well, first game I've ever pre-ordered. Pretty much confirmed to me pre-ordering is a huge gamble and should not be a thing."
76561198063950904,Not Recommended,321960,18330989,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,pennyvise,"I have played heroes from the very beginning.I read all the terrible reviews and still bought the game because I love the franchise but you cant even call this game early alpha.... First the fact that you can charge 50 dollars for a game that isn't even playable is ridiculous but then you throw out vague, ""we'll try and make the game stop crashing in the next update"" (which has been over a week) posts. You guys should really feel ashamed of what you've done to this franchise.  This is the last heroes game I pay for and definitely the last ubisoft game I pay for.  Thanks for ruining another franchise."
76561198030904492,Not Recommended,321960,19372563,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Tysiltnor,"I have been faithful to M&M and HoM&M Legacy since their initial release.  Then came HoM&M VI, and I felt both sad and betrayed.  But I was sooo hopeful about HoM&M VII.  In short, the game is OK, the story arc is good, but the skill system just plain sucks.  If you are new to HoM&M, I suggest that you go to GoG and buy HoM&M III, IV and V.  Don't waste your money on VI and VII.  If you are a hardcore fan like myself, then you likely already purchased the game and are equally as disappointed as I am.  Sigh, I guess I will just wait patiently for UBIsoft to stop ruining the HoM&M franchise."
,Not Recommended,321960,18255662,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Annie Lööf,"While this game isn't as crappy as the previous versions, it's still pretty bad. I got the feeling of playing a mobile game, if I compare it to H3 or any other strategy game. The game play is slow. For a person of normal mental capacity, it's unbearable to wait as much as you do between making moves, even if you put it on the highest speed. The AI is useless, they don't even pick up valuables on their piece of the map and they leave castles untouched, even if there's no defence.I feel like they are targeting the wrong audience, this is not a mobile game."
76561198029502669,Not Recommended,321960,30689399,Posted: 23 March,all,Garrul Estandarte Calavera,"Bugs, crashes no animated cutscenes :D, and Heroes VI kinda looked better. Oh and btw this game melted my graphics card so I'd assume it is very poorly optimized."
76561198245830348,Not Recommended,321960,18256212,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ritualmage,"Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game in good conscience.The random map editor seems to be saving maps to the wrong directory by default. That is an easy fix, presumably, but it makes things just a tad bit more painful.The hero creation seems to be confined to the map editor and I have not yet worked out a way to create my own hero for use across multiple maps - so far as I can work it out, it seems like the only way to play custom heroes is by editing them into individual maps. That's a pretty big pain and kind of a downer as I would much rather play my own custom than the premade heroes.The campaign has a good story, but there are some flaws in the presentation. Namely that the opening ""cinematics"" aren't really animated. The council talks, there IS voice acting, but since nothing is animated you just end up with a camera panning around to look at still, unmoving faces.On the second map of the Academy campaign, the enemy AI seeks refuge in a ""shelter"" of sorts and refuses to leave... leaving you unable to complete the map. You might be able to have one of your heroes make a B-line for the sanctuary and try to occupy it first, but I have not tested this. I have tried moving heroes away from the vicinity of the sancturary in order to lure out the enemy AI's hero, but that does not work. I even tried having my heroes garrison themselves in towns, but even that did not lure out the enemy AI. Thus, map 2 of the Academy campaign is not completed on my game.Despite what some other users are saying, the game does run fine on my PC (windows 10) and has not crashed or had any sort of slow down. Uplay, while I don't particularly enjoy having to use it, also works fine. The game's graphics are nice, I like a lot of the animations for the spells and units, and the soundtrack is pretty nice so far.I think that, overall, much effort was put into this game. If you take a moment to analyze the details, you can see that the team worked really hard on the game. I just don't believe that their hard work is finished yet. If the campaign is fixed (or that sanctuary shelter thing is removed), random maps generate in the right location, and you are able to actually make your hero in the game to play across multiple maps, then I would say that this game is much more in line with what I had hoped for. As it stands now, however, the inability to complete the Academy campaign, random map problems, and lack of my own hero are pretty disheartening.Hopefully I am mistaken and there is a way to make your own hero, fix the location of random maps, etc."
76561198091495444,Not Recommended,321960,19437348,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,CrEScenT,"This is the first time I write a negative review for any game, but since I'm a great fan of the HoMM series, I can't let it go.First of all, the game was released far too early, riddled with gamebreaking bugs in both campaigns and multiplayer.This is NOT acceptable, especially when asking 50 dollars for a rushed beta advertised as a ""complete game"".After two months, the game is playable, at least in single-player, but it's still filled with bugs, even big ones. For example, my heroes tend to lose ALL THEIR SKILLS after a save/reload or when going from one map to another in the same campaign. This bug defies the very meaning of the game, which is to build and improve our hero(es) over time.Apart from the bugs, the game itself feels bland and uninspired. My favorite heroes titles are II, III and V, and this chapter just doesn't feel the same. It looks more like a cheap copy of those great titles.If you are new to series, I suggest you avoid this title. Here on Steam you can get Heroes V: Tribes of the East and Heroes III, which are still *amazing* games.I've bought the game during Fall sales, and I'm still wondering if -35% was cheap enough for this title. You may want to wait for a bigger sale, because Heroes VII will probably leave you disappointed in many ways."
76561198018757196,Not Recommended,321960,18319312,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Tristan,"So yeah its an ok game but its a BIG let down, like 100 people said before me the last one was much better, save your money and just play no.6. So things that have been removed are making your own hero, using dynasty weapons, mouths moving in cut scenes. Added things are a new skill wheel, 2 new races, map editor and a large handful of bugs, I like M&M so ill keep playing but if your not a serious fan you will hate that you paid for this."
76561198138728489,Not Recommended,321960,28643325,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,C1boulette458,"No might and no magic here : all is small, cheap and flat.The effects of the spells and the fights are a shame.The creatures are not interesting.The campaign is boring.I wanted to love this game. It's just a beta.R I P, Heroes of Might and Magic."
76561198005510391,Not Recommended,321960,18260586,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,WarMaster GoreHowl,"This game was so close! I actually feel bad for the devs!There are some REALLY cool ideas and returning ideas from previous titles in this one like the town building ""tree"" and the towns look great themselves, plus more resources is nice and there just random tid bits thrown in that make you go ""oh thats nice""Now heres why this is a negative review. THIS GAME NEEDED AT LEAST ANOTHER YEAR of SOLID DEVELOPEMENT.Period.Everything from the reused units and animations and sounds from 6 (yet somehow they all feel and look crappier) to the fact it lacks SO MUCH POLISH badly, and not even in a ""this game crashes a lot"" way, but you constantly see units ""skate"" or ""hydroplane"" across the battle / campaign map or be doing an animation the wrong way (moonwalking orcs anyone!?) to just doing the wrong one flat out.The sound is TERRIBLE, just anything from music to sound effects. Hell a lot aren't even synced up right with animations.Those nice HOMM6 mission intros, outros and stuff? All the cinmatics are pictures of models that clearly had intended to be animated but aren't. It's hilarious.The units look TERRIBLE not to mention some are just so stupid for the race, or even the entire races theme in general, anything from the fact that the haven faction is mostly reused stuff to nagas being called a medusa and now a dungeon unit... Trust me when I say the units look bad graphically AND theme wise for their respective race. Not to mention how pathetic towns look on the campaign map artwork (however the town screen itself is quite nice) it doesn't even change anymore at all it seems! I seriously doubt it does but it doesn't matter anyway because they all look terrible.All in all, this game took a look at some of the old good heroes of M&M like 3 and 5 and SOME stuff of 6 and that stuff makes you WANT to like this game, it really does! However the glaring fact this games budget was slashed or time cut WAYYYYYYY too short, and the awful art direction race wise makes me honestly say avoid this game at all costs.Go togog.comand get heroes of M&M 3 complete, the chronicles of tarnum (yes all 8 ((?)) of them) and HOMM5 complete and M&MH6.Those are way better. This is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197984752723,Not Recommended,321960,24017046,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tappin,"I've played every HOMM since HOMM2 and love the series. Sadly the last 2 releases by Ubisoft have me thinking I may be done with the series. I definitely won't be playing any Ubisoft games until I see good reviews first.The game clearly needed more time and/or a better QA team.There are a lot of bugs which would have been obvious with ANY level of QA. Just a few examples:- Sometimes buildings which should be clickable just don't respond to your hero. For example a weekly ""tax collector"" says not visited but cannot be clicked. A fort you just captured sometimes cannot be rebuilt for you. In both cases, restarting the game from an autosave makes the buliding clickable on the same day.- Sometimes your towns will flash that you have a caravan to unload for the rest of the game long after the caravan area was emptied.- The game froze on me several times. Most were just at the end of a level. Thank God for autosave.- After freezing, the game continually told me it couldn't authenticate my UPlay account and wouldn't start. The screen that said that had a support link which points to an dead webpage. Double-DRM is no fun, especially when it's not rock-solid. Why do you need to check DRM on a Steam version of a game anyway, especially when I'm going to play in 1-player mode?- A few times I updgraded a stack where I only had enough money to upgrade some of the stack. Rather than just refuse to upgrade or just upgrade what I could afford, it upgraded what I could afford and the rest of the stack disappeared. I tried to upgrade 20 Cavalier and it turned into 2 Cuirassier and 18 poofed!There are also a lot of issues which aren't bugs, but just show they didn't spend enough time with the game:- The council room has ""Cutscenes"" which are really just camera pans of frozen 3d characters with voiceovers. That might have been expected in the early 90s, but doesn't make sense today. Hand-drawn stills with audio would be better than creepy frozen talking 3d models.- Somehow the UI was better in HOMM 3 and 4 than 7. The UI should improve over previous games, not make things worse. The buttons to move all armies disappears when it can't move every stack, rather than just being smart enough to combine as many stacks as it can and leave the rest behind. It takes more clicks than it did 20 years ago to go from town to town and build and purchase units. The necromancy screen doesn't even have combine stack buttons. You have to drag your skeletons manually every time.- The game needed a lot more performance tuning. My laptop can play Overwatch at moderate graphics settings without much problem, but it chugs on this game even after swapping to a low resolution and changing all graphics settings to lowest. The problem gets worse the longer the game is open, suggesting leaks. Even at high settings the graphics aren't good enough to explain why this game would push a computer so hard. Ironically HOMM has always been more of an ""icon"" based game and I would have been happier with worse graphics or psuedo-3d view like the older games than poor 3d graphics if it meant the game ran better.- Some of the levels needed balancing. In past HOMM's, sometimes you would get slaughtered if you took too long to expand on a level or you pushed into the more difficult areas of a map too early. On several maps in this game I would get slaughtered even just a few weeks in the game, still in the general starting area of the map. Sometimes very high level enemy heroes with huge armies would come out of the fog and kill my low level hero fairly close to my first town. Because you could not have seen them coming, it seemed just luck that you and they didn't move close enough to each other than the other hero would ""aggro"" from the fog.- Maybe it's just a limitation of using Ubisoft's DRM in conjunction with Steam's system, but the game runs a ""first time installer"" every time I run the game.Personally I'd like to see Ubisoft give someone else a shot at this series. They've really tarnished it with the last 2 games. If they're going to keep it, I hope they don't make another one unless they're going to spend the time to make a game that runs well, doesn't have many bugs, and doesn't feel like I'm fighting the UI."
76561198022452016,Not Recommended,321960,18348217,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,PoopOnAstick,"An utter disaster.  Poor cut scenes, bad animation, cheap UI, horrible camera.  Everything just feels clunky and unfinished.  Bargain bin game only.  Refund requested and received."
76561198072589539,Not Recommended,321960,24091770,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,danielmj.walmsley,"Other than the resource management and city development, I've got to rate tyhis game as borderline-awful.I'm running a pretty high end laptop, plenty of RAM and HDD space, optimised for performance and it is ...slow.  No instantantaneous move option and even at the max 400% my troops move slowly.The AI?  Well I remember a game called Galactic Civilisations where their idea of ""AI"" was to give the computer around 2 times as many ships as you had and even though their tech level was the ""same"" you'd be killing them at a rate of 5 of yours to one of theirs, so to beat one enemy fleet meant throwing around six of yours at it one after another.  This one is the same.Easy difficulty, built the army up quite nicely and went over the bridge with around 200 tier 1, 170 tier 2, 120 tier 3, 80 tier 4, 40 tier 5 and 22 tier 6, hero was as high as I could get at the time, level 11.Ran into the computer...roughly three times as many troops at each tier and the hero was level 25.Was not exactly a fair fight.Tried 4 different scenarios and never got more than 2 hours play out of each one before being thrashed and subsequently I've a game that, even on easy difficulty, I've no hope of beatingGraphics - prettySpeed - slowGameplay - poorContent - averageBack to Fallout Shelter on my phone I guess.  Glad I waited till it was 50% off before I bought it."
76561197971665267,Not Recommended,321960,18480526,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,DarthVater,"The game is unfinished. Even with 8 gb there's a point in hotseat game that is impossible to even load a game (it creashes due to ram usage). If it is able to load, it feels ""bumpy"", as the RAM usage is to the maximum the whole time. I upgraded from 4 gb to see if that was the problem, but it seems that resource optimization is still needed in this game. Selling this unfinished game seems a bit dishonest.About the game dynamic, the little i have been able to seen, I like it. It is a pitty that they prefer to generate this bad first impression to gamers rather than waiting a couple of months to release the game"
,Not Recommended,321960,18342001,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Yu_Dex,"Already request for refund. After playing for about 12 hours in full of dissapointment & frustration, i've request for refund.If it's only the gameplay is good with no bugs, at least on the graphic part can be negligible."
76561198067224719,Not Recommended,321960,18258110,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,nl626c,"I have never written a video game review before, but in this case I feel obligated to do so.To preface this review, which will be brief, I will start by saying they could have reskinned M&M6, added a few campaign missions and I would have still bought it and probably loved it. I've been playing these games as long as I can remember.That said, this game is TERRIBLE. The animations are at least 10 years behind even M&M6, the gameplay is blocky, robotic and confusing, even to a long time veteran of the series. I don't know what happened at the studio, but this is, without competition, the worst iteration of the series to date, and it makes me very sad to say so. I was greatly looking forward to the next installment of one of my favorite games."
76561198032998287,Not Recommended,321960,18459723,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,PC,"Right now the game doesnt work nice.Lots of bugs, AI is stupid, crash some times in loading screen.In general the game is good, but need some seriously fixes."
76561198059866623,Not Recommended,321960,19228544,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,xylax,"- Tons of annoying bugs and glitches- I do enjoy flat cities, the building tree and overall UI- I do not enjoy new hero skill ""circle"" it is completely forced to look different than anything else, why? Old games were wonderful.- Graphics/map is just V + VI, I find it annoying and I wonder if any 3D game will ever reflect the wonder HOM&M3 was.- The same, wonky, annoying battlefield with squares that offers no strategy- Absolutely torn off the wonderful feeling first 3 games had, this is something completely different and no longer feels like HOM&M, it even has different lore. Maybe that's why they even changed the title.- Why do you have to forcefully shove dark (violet D&D) elves down my throat, am I playing any other fantasy game?- Campaign is incredibly confusing and weird, there's no joy in the classic game type of building up and exploring anymore, everything HAS TO BE ROLEPLAY AND NEW SCRIPTS AND ADVENTURE OH BOY! Where is my turn based strategy game?- Where the hell is infernal city? Another DLC I have to buy in order to enjoy Heroes 3 had to offer in basic game?Dissappointed."
76561198019230727,Recommended,321960,31053247,Posted: 9 April,all,mattcbro,"I have really been enjoying this game.  It is mostly bug free at this point,  at least for the campaign missions.  Some have stated that there is an issue with area effect spells where the AI will stupidly wander inside the kill zone longer than necessary.This does occasionally happen,  but it has not stopped me from enjoying the game,  nor do I find all the campaign missions easy.Here are my pros and cons:pros:Battle mode graphics are excellent.  The skill tree is improved over Heroes 3 and Heroes 5.  For once you have some control over the development of your hero vs the random attribute that some fanboys insist on.  Spells are interesting and varied and there are monsters that will be immune to your attack which makes for good strategy planning.They have reduced the ease by which you can bring troops to the front line and heroes will attack undefended towns.  This is a vast improvement over heroes 6,  which essentialy plays like Kings Bounty,  wherein you are really only fighting and advancing a single hero,  who has all your army.  Now you do need to have more than one strong hero to defend your territory.I am really enjoying the campaign missions for a change.  Some of the maps are quite varied and interesting  and there are some nice twists involved in getting to the next map.  It's far more varied and interesting than Heroes 3-6.  I actually was interested in what was going to happen next.I did also like the varied monster choices of the 6 races and found their individual quirks entertaining.  There is also some side skills like shouts or rage levels etc.,  that makes planning your heroes skills quite challenging and fun.cons:The main player map is OK  and takes some getting used to.  The graphics do not improve from Heroes 6 here except of course when you are inside a town.Some spells and shouts and abilities are overpowered.  Having a shout that gives all your units a lot of initiative can essentially rapidly annihilate a better equipped opponent,  especially if you have nasty kill spells like chain lightning.   You will often find your entire army destroyed before you even have a first turn in battle mode.  It then becomes an arms race towards increasing your initiave over your enemy.Against the AI area effect spells can be overpowered.  I used blizzard to good effect here since the AI will not move out of the blizzard region in some cases unless you are within attack distance.There is a fundamental sameness to the build of all towns and the makeup of their units with the exception of unique quirks for high level units.  Still I hungered for more units or perhaps rare units that can only be acquired under unusual situations.Overall this is an excellent game that any heroes fan should enjoy.  Unfortunately we have fallen victim to fanboys who insist on only remaking heroes 3,  due to their fond memory of playing it.  I do play heroes 3 on occasion,  but this is a better game.  Yup I will commit that heresy.  It has a much better campaign and more variation than heroes 3 in almost every aspect of the game."
76561198011303483,Not Recommended,321960,18419787,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Zionis,"This is an improvement by MMH6 standards.Not by much.MMH6 Scored a 2/10 (imo)MMH7 Scores 2+1 = 3/10This game is bad.I know what you're thinking.. ""I grew up on MMH series, how bad can this be?"" Well I was one of those people.. I ignored the ratings and bought this game anyways.. I TRIED guys, I REALLY REALLY Tried to like this game.. I can't, I've failed..."
,Not Recommended,321960,18292955,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Phand,"This will be my first review, but I have to warn the fans of HoM series. Do not buy this game, if you can help it. As a big fan of the series from HM 3 to HM 6 I was excited that the new HM game is coming. But I feel now that this is a big let down. Well lets just summarize it.Pros- nice 3D models and particle effects- dungeon and sylvan factions are back in the game (not DLC this time)Cons- a lot of bugs/crashes, it crashes for me during the start- mission objectives are randomly not working (preventing player from finishing the campaign mission)- very cheap cinematic- cheap sounds- no feel of progression, you have all missions except one unlocked from the beginning- no progression in the missions - you can build every building and unit from the beginning- a lot of models are re-used from HM 6- Uplay is forced upon player again- AI is dumb during combatsThere is nothing that previous titles in the series have not done better already. Also shortage of new, fresh good ideas and overall feeling of laziness stems from the game on every corner. Do your wallet a favour and stay away. If you still want to buy it wait for discount, this game is surely not worth 40 euro."
76561198038896333,Recommended,321960,28566257,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KingKoontz,"Is this a good game? Yes, once you can get it to run. There's lots of fun to be had here as others have noted. I did hit a snag after installing though...""Uplaypc not found"" issue fixed in Windows 101. After installing the game go to the Uplay folder in File Explorer: ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Ubisoft\Ubisoft Game Launcher\Uplay.exe"" and run it. It will update the launcher.2. Start the game in your Steam library and you should be able to create/login to your Uplay account and load everything up.I hope this helps someone."
76561198030870127,Not Recommended,321960,34697841,Posted: 2 September,all,markharrison,"Wow. One of the things that is great about Steam is the ease with which you can install a game, keep it patched, and spend your time enjoying playing the game. I don't know how Heroes VII was allowed on Steam.It was work to get this game to run at all. The installer doesn't create a working installation, and you are left to Google up the fix yourself, uninstalling some Ubisoft app that the installer just installed with the game and reinstalling it from Ubisoft's preferred download location. But, that, plus a little extra work, merely gets the game to run. Running the game remains an impressively annoying experience.In single player, roughly once a minute, the game is interrupted by a dialog complaining about server connections. What on earth do we need server connections for in single player?! Extra time spent checking that everything reasonable related to firewalls, etc, is correct, to no avail.Hours wasted that could have been spent actually playing something else. A few minutes tossed in here to try to save others from wasting their time."
,Not Recommended,321960,18268819,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Laches,this is the first game I've refunded on steam. I've been a huge fan of MM games but this is just a disappointment. ubisoft really isn't trying anymore.
,Not Recommended,321960,18573654,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,...............................,"Complete crap. Do not waste your money on it. Not going to go into detail, the highest rated reviews say it all (read them). And believe me, no amount of patching is going to fix this disaster, it's that bad. The HOMM franchise is now dead."
76561197979195770,Not Recommended,321960,18340220,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,†Padre†,"Game constaly crashing, cant use 4k resolution makled CTD, only 1 language avialable for me thought im paying 35$ for delux. Getting tired of this region thing."
,Not Recommended,321960,18311686,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,madshock,"hey folks, im a character and concept artist in the gameindustry myself and from my position and as heroes fan since the very first part my heart is bleeding................i actualy dont even know why i even bought this... i mean i knew it before. well i gona make a short pro contra list.PRO:+ new heroes game. weh!CONTRA:- game start intro video looks super cheap- 3d characters in game-campaign-intro video dont move while talking. rly super lazy. they dont even move lips.- menu looks hasted and super bad like from a 15year old game.- multiplayer is not working at all- single player is working, but there are so many bugs that result in maps dont finish even if u do all quests and stuff...- minor and greater bugs allover the place- textures of the whole game look cheap and hasted (even on max max settings)- hero skills development is super forced and doesnt offer anything interessting-uplay plz die.rly an allover poor job. published again way too early. if u are rly interessted in this: wait another year, or 2."
76561198163417156,Not Recommended,321960,24126853,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TerRoRiSmX,Too many bugs
76561197960594198,Not Recommended,321960,18259613,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MersDragon,"This Game...First Of all a lots of things need to be adjusted, it's disappointed launch. I should mention the part the game doing it right, the story line presentation is more reasonable, but all 3D modeling is there, why there is no animation for that. second is the skill system, bring back the good old wheel skill tree, but its lack of lore textures and icons that make the part a bit of disappointing. than the next is most annoying thing: THE SOUND, might of magic heroes series most famous part of the game is the ambient sound and combat interactive sound, the Magic® Heroes® VII totally ignores that, the ambient sound make you feels like a bunch of noise not enchantment game lore essence, and the combat sound, What a joke is that!!!! its feels like all made in 4 x 4 square meter box, the winning shout out is so bad that make you want to cut your mouse pad after each match. and after so many Heroes games there are still not well made 3D castles? so my conclusions this is 75% incomplete product, if you really want to buy it, wait until they patch all the nonsince give a better gaming experience or wait for the discount."
76561198026516423,Not Recommended,321960,18280832,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,its time for youre medicine,I think this is my first review i had to write. This game is a complete disaster. Horribly slow on a PC that is pretty good! I always buy hero games but after Heroes 6 and 7 which both was a discgrace this is the final♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,321960,23992457,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shinoangel,"I haven't played this for a long time as some may notice - I bought the game to play it with my boyfriend in the hopes of it having simultanious turns (unlike VI), because from what I could tell it did have simultaneous turns.Yeah..So it turns out it does, BUT whenever someone enters combat everyone is forced to either watch the whole battle og watch a loading screen showing the progress of the battle in the meantime. And you don't get a warning - I was in the middle of choosing xp og gold from a chest and booom I had to watch combat.We both uninstalled pretty quickly and got our money back.So if you plan on buying it for the multiplayer part, just be aware that you have to wait whenever someone is in combat."
76561198028028199,Not Recommended,321960,18312691,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,NWG_Murd3rsaurus,"I've played HoMM since getting HoMM 1's demo in a magazine when it first came out.   Hundreds of hours enjoying intense single player & hotseat games, and it has always been a favorite.I want to recommend this game, I really do, but I can't, at least not yet.The game trailers where gorgeously animated, impressive as hell, but when you load the game you're given a cinematic that looks like someone doing it gave up or got fired about 1/4 of the way through.Here's the promo sequence;https://youtu.be/5ed6MNCMh8sAnd the incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ingame cinematic.   No stylization, no animation, just a complete and utter failure.https://youtu.be/emOu9EEzYPA?t=43sSo, with that said, I watched the sequence, and exited, going to bed, but optimistic about getting to play it this morning.   Booted up my machine, launched the game, and.... crash.   Not even getting to the studio logos, just black screen critical failure and back out to the desktop.I don't know who let this abortion out of the studio early, but they should be dragged into the parking lot and beaten with rolled up newspapers.   It's an insult to good games, an insult to the fans, and a slap in the face to Ubisoft's reputation.Maybe in a few patches they'll clean it up, but by all acounts the game is broken before it even got out of the gate."
,Not Recommended,321960,27473007,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Masquerade,"It can be quite glitchy, and I hate the forced Uplay.I really love the old HoMM games, and though I enjoyed this one better than 4 and 6. It's still nowhere near as good as the originals. However, it is a guilty pleasure of mine. Though, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone not heavily invested in HoMM series."
76561197987414906,Not Recommended,321960,25423214,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,theguyB,"The bugs of this game (still there up until this day) and especially the fact that Ubisoft is TOTALLY ignoring this really make me never ever buy a game from Ubisoft EVER again!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game could be so much more, but after so many months it is still full of bugs, and it seems like instead of patching bugs they bring out DLC... yeah great. (doesn't this mostly lead to a game which will never be completly working? *cough* ""insert another Ubisoft title here"" *cough*)Don't get me wrong, the base game is really great and almost reaches Heroes5 in Gameplay (so I'm not sure wether the problem lies with the Devs instead of other parts of the Company?)to make it short:-the really♥♥♥♥♥♥AI destroys Singleplayer-the really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ network code destroys Multiplayer-thousands of minor bugs which could be well avoided with some more beta testing (you have to rely on fan patches to eliminate some, which does really bring shame to the original Devs)-Uplay has gotten far better but still annoying to be forced to use it (though i could live with that if everything else was working as intended)But hope never dies and this has the POTENTIAL to become the best Heroes ever and I would love to recommend it..."
76561197993440827,Not Recommended,321960,21647295,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Finlander,"Ungodly amount of bugs. I've had to go back on saves for multiple ocassions to try and play the game different way to avoid bugs that prevent me from advancing, and some other gimmicks , like untradeable items can be traded between heroes but they turn into different item in the progress.The AI is poorly scripted, I am surprised it does even know how to move, which is what it does most of the time,  running around with heroes with zero armies, and clustering up in corners of the maps or some crossroads.You can no longer convert towns to your factions, for example: If you capture a haven town when playing necropolis you cannot turn that haven town into necropolis town.Recycles models and music from previous heroes game, tho some models do look a bit fresher because of the new engine.I wanted to like this game. But it really ruins the mood when I spend +3 hours on a map and then I realize I cannot finish it because of a bug, and would have to replay it all over again."
,Not Recommended,321960,32891993,Posted: 27 June,all,Roger Explosion,Bought and played this game when it was released. Uplay was awful to deal with and continually crashed both the game and the third party client that it forces you to open. Tried to get a refund but had already spend too many hours trying my best to enjoy a mess of a game that I really wanted to enjoy.
,Not Recommended,321960,28839854,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AvroraBg,Hot Alert for all players who loved Heroes 3 who hate it as kids but still they want to play and try Heroes of Might and Magic 7 do not buy this product!!! I will tell you what i had experienced with this game which was 8 hours of searching on google and on steam discussion groups for this game for information how to fix its bugs. Lets start with the Uplay it didnt let the game to start so i found information on google from the developers that i had to uninstall it then to reinstall it from their link from ubisoft in order to fix it ( why the hell and ♥♥♥♥ you making a DLC for that game but first u dont fix the bugs for which thousands of players are reporting to experience in the main game ? and year and some months after the release u turning your bag on the title♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on all the good things we the old school gamers and even the young smart players experienced playing since Heroes 3 for this question We the Heroes community i smell we will never get an answer ).So after i fix the Uplay bug. I couldnt start the game it simple crushed every time i was trying to run it spend about 6 hours search again for help in google writing letters to Ubisoft and so on. No good result nothing. Now 2 days latter i am on the point to ask for refund for the purchase i made 2 days before New year. And  instead to have a great time during my ♥♥♥♥ing holiday playing the game i am spending time - 10 hours - late 4 am at night to fix bugs for which some mother ♥♥♥♥ers ( sorry for that but they deserve it ) were supposed to fix and took money for that !!! We the players must stop pay money for such a bad (i cant find the proper word for this♥♥♥♥♥♥job ) job and a franchise killer in order for  they the ppl who are responsible for this when they dont get the money they will stop doing this♥♥♥♥♥♥Pc. I even found a statement from and Ubisoft representative in which they simple said they are turning their backs on the  Heroes of Might and Magic title and he said some good goodbyye words. For me and for many other players in his letter we simple read this things:Thanks to all noobs who ♥♥♥♥ed up and give us money by buying this unfinished full of bugs and crushes product of ours. We took with pleasure your cash for our failier and Heroes of Might and Magic killer. We dont give a ♥♥♥♥ to fix and help you with the bugs u are experiencing in the game no  more because we dont see in our bank accounts the same amount of money coming from the purchase of our♥♥♥♥♥♥product anymore. So you know what we are done with this title and we will start searching with pleasure on another one on which we can ♥♥♥♥ up and♥♥♥♥♥♥on until you noobs stop paying us.Goodbye idiots. AKA Ubisoft + whoever else worked on Heroes 7 with us.
,Not Recommended,321960,18676633,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,unicorn,"As a long time fan of HoMM, I have watched the game go through many changes. As the technology improves, the games also improve in many aspects but it still takes a good story teller and someone familiar with the ""lore"" or history of the game. The strategy RPG category of games has a huge competitive field and keeping fans becomes a challenge. When HoMM VI first came out it too was full of ""bugs"" but eventually they were fixed ( some never got fixed but that is another story). I am hopeful that the bugs in this latest install ment of HoMM will be fixed eventually also. For a first time player of HoMM, they may find the game a bit of a bore. This version is sadly lacking in the beautiful art work that I found in version VI. The art work here in VII looks like preliminary sketches.Badly disappointed in this version but still hoping it will get better. Wait until next year to buy it."
,Not Recommended,321960,28127853,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Krzako,It would be an awesome game if they didnt mess it up. I bought this game 4 months ago. In this time they released couple fixes but it didnt help. Game is still unplayable on multiplayer. I didnt finish any single game on multiplayer because of out of  sync bug. After some time battle freezes and i cant do anything. I cant even load a save because after out of sync all saves are broken and other players are kicked from lobby when they try to join.
,Not Recommended,321960,28969785,Posted: 3 January,all,RSMRomeoPA,"This game is still so buggy.  Besides all of the other complaints in other reviews, the fact that you can screw up a whole mission if you don't follow the quests in the exact order (They give you 4 at once and one of them is simply making a character a governor in a city, but if you explore first before taking that character back, the whole map is bugged and you have to restart) you bug the whole map.  The fact that this bug is still present so late in release shows that Ubisoft gives 0 f***s about their players."
76561198008849767,Recommended,321960,19992072,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wittedewit,"Hi heroes 3 lovers,I bought heroes 7 deluxe edition a few days ago at the Wintersale and i absolutly dont regret it. Yes, i played the beta 2, which was amazingly bad in the sense it was almost unplayable (windows 10 i have). So i didnt buy it at launch.My game patch 1.6 runs fine, no bugs whatsoever. As far i see it all the negative for singleplayer is gone.The in game graphics are in my opnion very very nice. True, lots of units of heroes 6 are the same, but the artwork on the units, townscreen and map is great. The cutscenes graphics in the campaigns are maby not up to date, but then this game is not about the latest graphics technology. Go play the Witcher 3 if you want that.The gameplay is very nice too. Better than AoW 3? I think so. AoW 3 is like running around with the Magnificent 7. Units are more like sidekicks.In the old days i have hat so much fun with multilplay H3. It ended for me when i realized it was so easy to cheat.You could beat a pack of dragons with one pikeman.I didnt try multiplay in H7 yet. But i have good hopes Ubisoft wil sort i out.H7 is a wonderfull game. The team who made it did a great job."
76561198004373725,Not Recommended,321960,18345935,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Frigus,Go purchase any of the other HoMM games. They'll feel newer and more finished than this one. The ball was really dropped  here.
,Not Recommended,321960,18346937,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,SugaryPoleCat,"I'll say this before I start my review:Ubisoft and Limbic ""Entertainment"" (because based on this game, ""Entertainment"" in their company name is a lie) should feel ASHAMED for this, whip their backs 2015 times whilst chanting: ""I messed up, please forgive me"". But no, they won't do it, they don't feel ashamed, you know why? Because we're at fault here, we bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥ we pre-ordered it and after the game was released and people who didn't pre-ordered: they read the reviews that this is S**T, yet they buy the game for ""nostalgia"". Why should they feel ashamed? They got your money, you bought this s**t, you threw your money at this, you saw the warning signs... WE. ARE. AT. FAULT. Until we realise that, developers will keep on doing this s**t, because we're still going to buy this for ""nostalgia"" or other reasons, so why put effort into it?Oh yeah: TL/DR warning ahead, skip to the bottom for conclusion.Let's start. First off: ""teh bugz"".They are everywhere. EVERY. WHERE. I can't fight other heroes, because it crashes. I can't load a game, because it crashes. I can't edit a map, because it crashes. Can't do this, can't do that... basically, don't do ANYTHING, beacuse it may crash.How can you ♥♥♥♥ up Unreal Engine like this? I saw hobbyist developers, HOBBYIST DEVELOPERS do better stuff in UE than these ""Professional"" (I put it in quotes because they are clearly not professionals at all). Hell, 7dfps people do better than this, IndieDB, GameJolt... sure it's hard to compare because this game is massive and those are indie games, which means they are smaller, but there is no excuse for so many bugs. Why? Because these people are supposed to be ""Pros"". GameJolt, 7dfps, IndieDB (and other sites) they are indie devs and their games have less bugs than this AAA+ title. It's kind of expected now in 2015.Next, let's tackle ""teh grafics"".They... I think they kind of fit. The UI is a mad mix between Heroes of Might & Magic V and Heroes of Might & Magic III, it's kind of appealing. To me at least. The town building is OK, the town screen is a MAJOR step backwards from Heroes of Might & Magic V. I thought it was AWESOME when for the first time, we finally could see the city 360 style! It was sooo awesome! Aaaand then came Heroes of Might & Magic VI... aaaaaaand then came Heroes of- oh sorry, it's no longer called Heroes of, now it's just Might & Magic VII...Graphical glitches... are rare, which is surprising. Really. After you look at the campaign menu and you see the STATIC MODELS ""talk"" to each other you are surprised that the rest of the game has animations and almost no graphical glitches. I wish I could rotate the map 360 as  well, but no, of course not. They have to hide unfinished assets somehow. The underground world is a joke. It doesn't look different than overworld. In III, V and EVEN VI, you could clearly distinguish underground from overworld. Here though... It's a mess. One big pile of kaka.Another thing that gets me: Heroes V, when you selected a monster and wanted to know more about it, you saw it's 3D model next to the book with all the data and you could easily compare the monster's upgraded version with the standard one. Here... you get a short bio! No, like REALLY short. It's amasing that these bios are longer than 10 words. Oh yeah, and instead of a cool 3D model, you get a ""cool"" concept art thingy. Another step backwards. Sure the 3D in V was not very good and the animations and models were more... childish, but... really? A concept art painting? *sigh*...But we're not done yet...Teh epic soundz...Yeah if only they were epic... The VO (Voice over) is... meh. it's not good, not terrible, not ok... just meh. The sounds aren't always synchronised with the animations. It's surprising that they ARE synchronised most of the time. REALLY. I am serious. It's especially evident in combat if you set the speed higher or slower than 100%. Ridiculous.Other sounds and music... it's meh. Want a visual representation? Do a thumbs-up, turn it sideways and then turn it a little more downwards, but not completely down and there you have it.The A.I.Ohhh boooy... since we're talking about A.I., I bet that Spielberg's movie is better than this one. I can't really compare, because like I said in ""Teh bugz"" section, I can't fight the other heroes at all, both the A.I. and other player's heroes. It's not just ridiculous. It's ludicrous. I can't fight heroes, in heroes game. WAT.BUT WE'RE NOT DONE YET!The map editor.You think it su**s? You bet it su**s. I can start it, sure, but can I edit anything? Well yes, I can click on ""new"". Guess what happens then? Did you guess crash? Because if you did, then you are 10000% correct. Again, it's ludicrous, because the editor is the DEFAULT MAP EDITOR from UDK and UE3. You even have an option to SWITCH THAT VIEW. WHY? WHAT IS THE REASON!? Did they forget to edit it out? Were they too lazy to? Were they too busy wiping their virtual/real bottoms with our virtual/real money? WHAT!? WHY!?TL/DR (IF YOU WANT TO KNOW MY FINAL THOUGHTS, IF NOT SKIP EVEN MORE):FINALLY:Teh conclusion.It s***s. Of the 3 new Heroes, this one is THE WORST. There is no comparison. I could play VI, it was not as good as V and not as memorable as III, but I could play it at least. The sounds are meh, the graphics are OK, the A.I. is most likely meh, the UI is OK.Between these new 3 Heroes, I would recommend V with the expansion packs. It's the closest thing you can get to Heroes III and V is the best of the new 3D Heroes. Compared to this, it's perfect. Compared to VI, it's excellent.Oh yeah and may I ask WHY is there no Inferno? Why are so many factions missing? ""Because story, duuhhh"". Bulls**t. We always had Inferno. There is also one more faction missing (I think? IDK, they were not so memorable as the factions from Heroes III.) from the previous games.Wait, I just figured out WHY it's missing. DLC! Yes! Brilliant! Yeah, that's the way to do it! You think they will feel ashamed that they are doing this? You really think so? Go back, all the way up in my review and answer again, or let me answer for you: No, of course they're not going to feel ashamed, because people WILL buy the DLC, because ""nostalgia"", because ""I can't play without my teh best faction evaa"", because of ""reasons"".I can't belive I wasted my money on the deluxe edition, I could get Metal Gear Solid or Fallout 4 FOR THE SAME PRICE AND I know that Metal Gear Solid will work and I'll have 50+ hours of fun with it and I'm 90% sure that Fallout 4 will work. The rest 10% is reserved for bugs, but nonetheless I will have 50+ hours of fun with it as well.TL/DR:Don't buy this, it's kaka, if you want 3D Heroes that is the closest you can get to Heroes III, get Heroes V. It may be more childish (for my taste at least), but it's the best 3D Heroes there is. If you don't want 3D Heroes, get Heroes III with ALL the DLC on GOG. If you don't want Heroes at all, save yourself the trouble, save those additional 10 euros or whatever your currency is and buy Metal Gear Solid V, Fallout 4, Just Cause 3, Xcom 2, etc. etc.This is the last product I bought from Ubis**t. No, really, it is. I'm done. I'm done with Heroes and Ubis**t. That's it. Keep in mind that those stars do not replace ""-of-"" in their name, they replace nasty letters ""-hi-"" and if you combine this with ""Ubis--t"" you get a very plesant word."
76561197988608627,Not Recommended,321960,35073606,Posted: 19 September,all,HiddenAndSilent,"LOL! No. Just.... no.If you're a fan of the HoMM series, you need to play this game just so you can see how far the franchise has fallen. It's like going to a funeral: You need to go just so you can gain closure on the fact that your loved one is in fact dead.If you haven't played any of the Heroes of Might and Magic (its PROPER title) series by now, then don't bother. I loved H3, but that's mostly just nostalgia now. H1 was my true love, with its colorful and silly graphics. But i'm spoiled now by visions and hopes for a better future that never came.The problem with H7 lies in its bland story, bland setting, poor AI, and lackluster art direction. H6 and H5 had the same problems in different ways. But H7 fails in another significant way: It takes place in the past, before H6! I'm not even going to bother going into detail on this."
76561198031590605,Not Recommended,321960,18326165,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,bigolympian,"Do not get this game. I have played every single one since the 2nd and this is by far the worst. The animations are terrible, the skill tree makes no sense and nothing flows at all. Don't disappoint yourself and have this ruin the series for you, just don't get it at all."
76561198006062334,Not Recommended,321960,18426209,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Thibze,"I'm not going to talk about all the minor issues (few maps, can't randomize ; dull IA ; ...).The sync bug WILL corrupt your save at some point.I liked the way the put a HOMM3 like gameplay (although pretty cheap) and had fun playing 15 hours online but, hey, couldn't complete a single one.If you choose to discard all thoses negative reviews, I recommend you not to pay full price for it or to wait until it gets patched (ETA next week according to devs).Don't bother asking for a refund if you played more than two hours.Nota : this sync bug is on since HOMM4, get hyped."
76561197984040110,Not Recommended,321960,18255493,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,The Mighty Georg,"(Day 1 release) I still can't decide to refund ot not - my honest opinion:Definately not worth the release price, even if you are a fan of the series.I am a fan of the Heroes series and I also dislike Ubisoft to the point where it is usually a deciding factor in not buying one of thieir products. However, I will never let this get to the point of me missing out on a great experience.To the game itself:On launch (once you get past any uplay annoyances, some may experience none, some may) the game presents itself as a rusty old game. Shamefull still camera shots with voice dialog and poorly rendered images. You honestly need to see it to believe you just bought a AAA release. I felt like I was playing an Alpha, let alone beta/early access.Wanting to really enjoy this game i skipped to the actual gameplay. They have kind of gone back to thier roots, it does feel alot more like 3 or 5 but without any polish. The map is awkward to control but suffienct. The graphics are nothing like the screenshots (I play on max, which doesnt take a super comp). I liked the gameplay, it was very much more of the same (heroes 6) but felt a bit shallow. I thought I was enjoying it but before I'd played an hour I was very much telling myself I can't wait to play this game when they have done testing and optimising, before remembering this is the full release.With some beta testing this could be one of the best HOMM's (post release comment intended)"
,Not Recommended,321960,29228417,Posted: 13 January,all,VANDERSEXXX,"I really tried to love this game but no, this game is just bad. I even enjoyed Heroes VI, but this... is the worst one.Performance issues, abysmal system requirements, even Batman Arkham Knight with NVIDIA features on runs better than this piece of code.Graphics is even worse than in Heroes VI, horrible animations, horrible sounds, copy/paste from other games, really high price, dropped support, terrible campaigns, dumbest AI, this game simply has no style, it's like Frankenstein in M&M series in case of visuals. Really bad scaling of buildings, trees, creatures on adventure map, map is just a mess.No, I do not recommend this."
76561198030860618,Not Recommended,321960,18414288,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Valar,"spent 150 hours on this game. i LOVE hom&m series ever since heroes 2. and i gotta say this was a major letdown, i wont write about all the bugs, the graphics, the ""missing race"" or anything like that.just gonna write about 1 thing.  the ""strong story narrative"" that they promised in the description is nowhere to be seen.  just the fact that you play 6 ""stories"" that has NOTHING to do with the ""main story"" makes you feel like you've been playing in an expansion of heroes 6 - the untold stories or some other crap. you cant even understand when the game takes place, or how long ago was heroes 6.the only semi-bright side was the haven story arc, which had some nice objectives. all the rest? utter crap that was probably made for the previous game, and was executed poorly."
76561198007030912,Not Recommended,321960,18398545,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,LoztSoul,I have never played a more broken game in my life.  It is so buggy that I can't even complete the 2nd campaign mission because for some reason completing more than one quest on the same day breaks the game.  I want my money back.  Steam I hope you take note of this and stop companies from robbing the people that use your service.
76561198009040152,Not Recommended,321960,18340474,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,NaughtyAmerica.com,"i can play at 1st but now i can't play saying this program stop working, what bug is this"
76561198060717656,Not Recommended,321960,18475734,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Blair,"I'm seriously thinking that this game is a BAD JOKE. After going to campaign map 2 and exploring around half of the map loading the game takes 13 minutes !!!! with better engine than the recommended. Than I've upgraded RAM from 8GB to 16 GB and put the game on a new highspeed SSD. The same load took just 5 minutes (also a horrid joke) but after one more hour of gameplay I've tested a skilltree, tried to load back the game and after 20 minutes!!!! I went crazy.WHAT THE ***** ARE YOU DOING dear Ubisoft developers? SOLVE THE MEMORY PROBLEM AT ONCE! I tell you the simple basic requirements: starting the game should not take more than 1 minute, loading a game should not take more than 15 sec and smooth gameplay please."
76561198007703738,Recommended,321960,18358946,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,HateMongerXxX,Crash Crash CrashI love the game but it is taking 5-10 minutes to start up and load... then it crashes randomly .... so ya...great game but crashes all the time.EDITNow that the game is fixed.... I loved it!!
76561198012365888,Not Recommended,321960,18351860,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,The Sperm ☯,"Ubisoft just give the IP to a more experienced developer or shelf it.. Seriously this is the worst in the series.It's so bad that my pc locks and hard reboots!!! Don't buy this crap even if it's on sale. PERIOD!- Slow gameplay, VERY SLOW- Rendering is crap and destroys the game- Stupid AI- Sound is just horrible- Technical issues- Bugs everywhere- Cheap cutscene with no lip sync.. Seriously? Is that even an idea?- The list goes on...Just get Heroes 3 full package off GOG or play Heroes 5."
,Not Recommended,321960,18450745,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,kunoichi.au,"I cannot recommend this game right now, but everyone is still awaiting the first post-game release patch.Okay, I've played through the first two Wolf campaigns, and part way through the third. I'll give a quick summation of my thoughts about the game. The game is a vast improvement on Beta 2, but still has a long way to go.The AI still has issues (enemies running sideways or backwards for no apparent reason, for example), but I'm sure others are better able to discuss that.I like the style of the new map (going over and down mountains, for example) and the new additions of seeing other characters get off boats and onto the map (start of second campaign), which gives the map a new and upgraded feel.However, the colouring of the map is still too soft and needs to be saturated with colour, and the objects you can interact with need to stand out more in some way. Sometimes the Alt highlight is blue, sometimes white, but I do find myself having to use it a lot (unlike in previous Heroes games).Likewise, the battle screens still need work with the graphics (for instance, casting fog on an enemy doesn't surround the enemy in a fog, so you have to right click on them to see if the spell is still working, or try to target them with a shooter). My other half played Heroes 6 while I played Heroes 7, and the general graphics in the battle screen leave a lot to be desired by comparison. I think it's to do with the softer colours, so nothing is particularly well defined, as per the map.As for the castle map, ugh! It looks like someone stuck a cartoon painting in the middle of a 3D game, and just doesn't suit the style of the rest of the game. While the colours are brighter, the flatness of the castle screen detracts from the rest of game. It's like different artists worked on the game without a lead designer to ensure that there was a single look and feel to the entire game. It just feels wrong going from such clever 3D (map) to the flat 2D of the castle screen.An additional reason why I have such issues with the castle screens is because we were not given what was promised. Take the Sylvan town screen, for example. We voted and chose this image for the screen on the first Sylvan vote:Tree Island- note its detail and feel of the image.The second castle screen vote was for this image:Harmony in the Moonlight- again, note the detail and feel of this image.I thusly expected an image of similar complexity, with a 3D-ish feel, but a night time version of the first image - expanded, of course, to fit all the buildings.I feel that the final product -Final Sylvan Townscreen- in no way represents the look and feel of what we voted for. Sure, it is a night time town screen with a tree on an island, but it is 'cartoony' in comparison to the original vote, and feels very flat and looks like a watercolour painting rather that something that fits into the rest of this game.I do feel that Ubisoft falsely advertised Heroes VII, as the original images posted on the website all reflected the original look and feel (eg.Sylvan Faction), not what we got in the final product. There is also no word that these sorts of things will be fixed, or if they will be fixed at all. Very, very disappointing.Similarly, the council table is also in need of work. The characters don't move at all, let alone have their mouths moving when they are meant to be talking to each other. Do they have telepathy? Why are they so frozen? It's super creepy, but it could be so cool. This is one of the first things a player sees, so it really reflects badly on the entire game as a result. This isn't the 1990s, where such things were impossible to do!As for bugs... Just before the final battle for the first Haven campaign I upgraded 5 chaplains and joined them to a stack of 10 upgraded chaplains making a total of 15. When the other army attacked, I was back to the 5 chaplains and 10 upgraded chaplains, rather than 15 upgraded chaplains. This is certainly a bug that needs investigated.The time between the end of the battle and the battle results window was getting longer and longer the more I played the game.Also, the game crashed on me quite randomly on the third campaign, whilst on the map page. Because the game takes so long to load, I gave up playing for a while, and am currently playing Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance II on the PlayStation, and I have to admit I am enjoying that game much more. (Plus, it actually has animations and cut-scenes, which Heroes VII does not seem to have.)Anyway, I really hope that these issues are corrected with a patch in the very near future. Currently, whilst far better than Beta 2, the game feels like Beta 3 instead of a final product. More work from the graphics designers is sorely needed to get the game together and working as it should. Right now, the game in no way reflects the advertising pictures throughout this site, which is highly disappointing."
76561197970269345,Not Recommended,321960,23102887,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,tf7369,"So far I've completed two campaigns, the faceless one and the elf one, both on Hard Difficulty but the AI is so dumb that the campaign maps feel so boring as they always take a good few hours to complete but there seems to be very little challenge; not like there was in previous Heroes games.  Battling the enemy heroes and conquering their towns provides very little satisfaction as a result because there was never really any threat of them managing to repel your attacks because as I say the AI seems to be very stupid, using nothing in way of tactics to defeat you and their armies are never really that threatening in the first place. I have noticed that half the time they seem to have caravans full of creatures all gathered in one place at their base and you simply have to walk up and defeat them one by one. The enemy towns never seem to be built up either and the enemy spread their troops amongst five or six heroes so none of them pose a threat. I've been a fan of the heroes of might and magic games for a long time now but this one is, whilst graphically very nice looking, probably the most boring of the lot to play. At least in heroes 6 managing to complete a level felt like a challenge, whereas here the feeling is just meh. I can't even be bothered to explore that much and collect resources etc. or even level up my hero because the levelling up will happen very quickly and there is always a max level that is achieved very early on in each level. All you have to do is just gather the bare minimum of troops and walk over to where the enemy are and you win every time. I will try the next campaign on Heroic but I can't imagine it will be much different!"
76561198030781942,Not Recommended,321960,18297489,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Raditz,"I preordered this. This game is a disgrace to the HOMM series. Nothing is on par with HOMM3, INCLUDING GRAPHICS."
76561198085145384,Not Recommended,321960,25787009,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Asian Ted,"This game can be fun but, i still much prefer and recommend the previous games of the series( 3,4,5). And there is too many bugs and the game just lacks of so many small things that would make the game any good. Just go play the 3th game of the series and don't waste money on this game, right now. Like I said this game can be fun, but eh i don't recommend this game, for this price anyway. (Sorry for bad english :/)"
76561198005851563,Not Recommended,321960,18341268,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,blufftime,dont BUY  that♥♥♥♥♥
76561197969386191,Not Recommended,321960,18254693,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,sebastien.genvo,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! The game loading time is insane (more than 5 minutes before the main title screen), you will encounter numerous crash, the visual aspect is terrible,  all the magic of heroes is gone, and I am not even mentionning the musics (if you don't fall asleep, all my congratulations), what a shame on Ubisoft...."
76561198124240829,Not Recommended,321960,18424930,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Markontheway,"I like the Heroes Series, but this game is really the worst thing UBI offered to his customers.The game itself makes fun - despite the fact that the animation of the videos are from 20 years ago - until it broke down.The Kampane is unplayable due to game crashs and bugs.I am really disappointed about the behaivior of the developers and the pubisher.This was definitivly the last game of UBI I had pre-ordered."
,Not Recommended,321960,33791397,Posted: 25 July,all,DiemauerDK,This installment of the series is veryu entertaining. It is very similar to Heroes III.But i CANNOT recommed it - i have never finished a game because the game keeps crashing...I have not even played it that much simply because it is unplayable.--- A very big disappointment ---
76561198089729088,Not Recommended,321960,18355634,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,bloodblade,Worst game in the year-turn of enemy make me sleep-Loading the game very slow-Mega error bug-the game not have any new systemI am not sure Anno 2205 I should interest ?? I am disappointment with Uplay system :(
76561198016215362,Not Recommended,321960,18403052,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Vuck,"very very buggy, Uplay won't sync saves. had to restart missions several times due to bugs. I ended up getting a refund and got rid of this game. I don't recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,321960,18625588,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,XanTriaN,This game is utter garbage. ♥♥♥♥ing waste of my money. Ubisoft is ♥♥♥♥ing idiots. Campaigns stall indefinitely during AI turns. Must reload/restart and try playing differently to not get hit with the stupid bug. Can't even finish 2 maps as I have to keep restarting.
76561197993753620,Not Recommended,321960,18377281,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ttigley,I felt like I was paying to test a game on its way to being released into production.  I asked for my money back.  50ish hours where the majority of it was waiting for the computer to do its turns.  Now I can't go a few mins without the game freezing.  And I couldn't even get a refund.  Horrible.  Stay away from this game.  Look for a cheap/used copy Heroes MM 3 if you don't already own it and play that instead.
76561198031067097,Recommended,321960,20671695,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Primington,"Despite all the negative reviews, I highly recommend this game for any long-time fans of the series. I won't deny there were a handful of bugs, but frankly, none of them were game-breaking (for me), and whenever I encountered one a quick reload of my last turn (autosave every turn), almost always fixed the bug.The game itself was excellent, great visuals, the use of the 3D map was very well done. The storylines, for me personally, were engaging and entertaining, and the combat was well-balanced and very enjoyable the way the new systems worked.I enjoyed the music, I enjoyed each campaign (passed each), and was overall very impressed with the changes to the way the town systems work, loved the way capturing a city would automatically grant you control of all mines and dwellings within its sphere of influence, and also really liked the way that hero skill points were distributed.I dunno, for my money, this was more than worth it. Some are complaining about the lack of cinematics... who cares? I don't play games for those, I play for the gameplay, and in my opinion HoMM 7 was worth my money. Hoping they have an expansion or two planned!"
,Not Recommended,321960,18401372,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Cliver,"Please at least put an effort to update this game, after fixing various bugs ofcourse.I didnt have many problems apart from first day game launching crash which i got rid of after a while. AI played quite fast, but had logic issues which also needs to get improved.My main concern is, the game doesnt really feel live enough, graphics need update somehow, those animations at the beginning needs to change frozen chars talking at background is very irritating , and please fix/make a decent campaign setting so that we can progress through it like we did before.There are planned expansions and such for sure , well with this much negativity it will be very hard to release something without lots of work, good campaign & senarios wont cut it this time, need decent additions to the game. Unfortunately i cant recommend this game at this current state, still didnt refund to give a chance, <3 heroes.Will update the review if it gets decent changes and upgrades."
76561197975379273,Not Recommended,321960,19481327,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tempest,"While the game direction is more toward the traditional homm games, the implementation is a disaster. The game is at best in a beta state right now. Just a few obvious bugs that I encountered while casualy playing hotseat:- at some point you can no longer attack with your hero (for the rest of the game - no matter if you reload a save or restart the game)- at some point your spell book gets empty and you can no longer access any spell (for the rest of the game)- during the tactics phase some of your units are not present on the battlefield or in the UI to position them on the map (wtf?)- sometimes if one of your unit stacks dies, you can still see it with a count of 0 (zero) units- sometimes you cannot pick your skills when leveling upand the list could go on..."
,Recommended,321960,18951439,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,The Burninator,"Despite the game receiving fairly average reviews, I picked this one up since I've gotten reasonable to good mileage out of all the HOMM games since HOMM II. It might have been the expectations I had for the game following HOMM VI, but I've been enjoying the game more than I thought I would. Overall I think it was a good purchase for me and would likely be enjoyable for most fans of the genre.The good:+ There is a compelling reason to explore and conquer again thanks to the area of control style of resource mine ownership and reasonable assortment of resources.+ Heroes feel a bit more distinct now with the variation in available skill 'branches' based on faction and class.+ Combat is enjoyable and most of the units seem to offer something useful in battle.+ Missions seem quite varied compared to prior games, which keeps things interesting.The meh:* The mid-mission map changes are gimmicky.* The hero stories are okay, but not particularly engrossing.The ugly:- The cutscenes at the council table come off cheap.- Buggy release. Noting that most of the issues are now resolved."
76561198041150587,Not Recommended,321960,18424820,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Alex,"I love this game. Nice units and good gameplay. Interesting campaign. However, I can only play for 20-30 min. Game constantly freezing and I have to restart the PC. It is unacceptable. Good game that you cannot play is a bad game. I will not recommend this game. I will never buy Ubisoft product again."
76561197996490860,Not Recommended,321960,18325076,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,|saksen,Unfinished and bugged. Do not buy this game unless it's 80% off.
,Not Recommended,321960,21602573,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Hoo the fool,"Do not buy this game. I just write it for the other HOMM fans to prevent tham losing money meaninglessly.There are SO MANY things what I'd like to say, but the major truth, why this game is a nightmare and perfectly failed game, are as follows:1. Broken and messed systemThe one of the major problem is the system, i.e., hero, skill wheel, town designs. All of those seems creating via copy and paste and even without any deep considerations. This game's genre is Turn-based Strategy Game, but there is actually NO strategy in this version due to the brainlessly designed skill wheel systems and the specialties for heroes. You would not want to keep playing this game more than once in your life.2. Bugs, bugs, and bugs!There are still huge number of bugs after six patches... So... you even would not be able to imagine how many bugs had been before. Actually, this♥♥♥♥♥♥game still cannot support multiplayer game since it has been released 6 months ago. Remember that this trash game has been saled in 2016. And they said that there was a technical issues that cause the bugs while playing the multiplayer game... You can easily guess how much poor technical skills the dev team has and so there would be also no hope, I mean, no significant improvements for this game, in the future.3. 0% of creativityThis game totally copied and pasted from the previous versions of HOMM/MMH series. Sounds, Graphics, Icons, whatever. This means their primary object of saling/releasing this game is to make money without any efforts via deceiving the fans of HOMM/MMH series. DO NOT be taken in by their fake advertisements. Again, I'd like to say that this game has no hope, no vision, and no future. There would be no expansions for this game imo since this♥♥♥♥♥♥has been totally failed."
76561198007637100,Not Recommended,321960,18279746,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,scribly,"When a game has lost it's soul, this is what you get.  It just feels dead"
,Not Recommended,321960,18682966,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Frunderman,I cannot recommend a unfinished product.
76561198215819500,Not Recommended,321960,29794975,Posted: 8 February,all,mdoliszny,"As a fan of the Heroes franchise since I was young (much like everyone else here), I was incredibly disapointed with how buggy and gliched out this game was.  Considering its been out for over a year and the bugs still have not been addressed doesnt lend for much hope.  I was so excited to play online and the bugs make it intolerable.  As exciting and gorgeous as the previews make it look, its not worth the money as it will just lead to more frusteration.  I would ask for money back for sure."
76561198105205864,Not Recommended,321960,18593113,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TuesdayChicken,"This game has crashed every time I have played a multiplayer match. With luck you can actually join a multiplayer game because you are required to open a port on your computer before even hosting a game but after you enter the chances of desyncing for no reason or just straight crashing are too much. Also upon trying to reload the multiplayer game which we were 3 hours into, we discovered that you have to both have the save file you are trying to load, without multiplayer autosaves this is an impossible task to accomplish. Finally I just want to say I have been a fan since HOMM3 and this game, while improving on HOMM6 is still very far from anything that could be called the ""best in the series""."
76561198005462445,Recommended,321960,20846881,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,unsolvedenigma,"Ubisoft made several steps in the right direction with HOMM7.I like the new skill wheel.  The availability of each skill slice being only available to certain types of heroes adds a bit more uniqueness than the the skill tree of HOMM6.  They are still not super diversified, but enough to give the heros a different flavor.  I felt alot of the HOMM6 heroes were carbon copies of each other.The castles and their units are a bit modified as well, though certain staples remain.I thought I would find the built-in 'tactics' phase at the beginning of every combat annoying but I kind of like it now.I am enjoying the gameplay (almost done playing through the campaigns at the time I type this), the graphics, the music and basically the whole package.I have been a loyal fan of the HOMM series, since HOMM2, and so far this is one of my favorites!  I remember really enjoying 3,5 and now 7.  Maybe odd-numbered expansions are the good ones. :'D"
76561197970792073,Recommended,321960,18343724,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,endipau,"I previously said dont buy for this title, but after they fixed the AI speed it is a lot more fun to play. It is a Heroes game and does not really try to do anything special or to stick out from the other games in the series. If you like the heroes games, you would probably enjoy this as well.Old review below, some is still true-------------------------------------------------------------------Many have mentioned the graphics, UI, bugs, slow AI(!) and lack of faction and so on. And to most part i do agree that a lot could be better.on a positive note they have added back more resources, mage guilds and random hero skills like the older versions. We have also a OK selection of premade heroes to choose from.What annoyes me the most except from the above things is that even if you buy this on Steam you still have to use uplay to run the game. I dont mind uplay but it is just dumb to run two applications just to start the game. Also, if I hibernate the PC when taking a break from the game, the game will instantly close when i start up the machine again. why? because I have lost connection to the uplay servers. I am playing this game as a single player game. This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...All in all I find this to be an OK game. But i would not recommend it for the full price. And do expect to be annoyed with it at the current state"
76561198084282334,Not Recommended,321960,18417883,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,flimpy,"broken junk.eats up all of my 32gb RAM and then becomes unresponsive.I started two campaigns, was unable to progress in either one of those - map gets completed, but game is not moving towards next map.what a joke"
76561198253253637,Not Recommended,321960,18390989,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,CatTheFish,I want to recommend this game but the price is to high for this early-access game.
76561198010995562,Not Recommended,321960,18283060,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ateva,"At this point this game is broken :( There's still a lot of bugs (in some battle you cant see the griid, some building wont be acctualy build, and Town Planner talent dosn't always work). Game work slugish, lots of units are rehash from MMH 6. Campaign is loughable. Instead of taking part in big coflict, you ""play"" stories people tell around table (exept 2 last missions i supposed) Cinematics are nonexistance, and no one bother to animate facec of cousil members. Theres a lot more to nag about but it pointless. Unless they fix it this game for me is as bad as Homm 4 that at least got superior story, that i acctualy enjoy."
,Not Recommended,321960,18430086,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,_IamBleicKz,Bad.You can accept some of the bugs..But it has no AI at all.Ruined my experience-
76561198005624259,Not Recommended,321960,30838419,Posted: 30 March,all,Dies Horribly,"Unplayable unfortunately. I don't know what they've done, but graphics seem completely off. I can't properly distinguish objects while in exploration, nor units when in combat. A shame as it seems they went back to the roots.I actually went back to play 6, which is so much better.A bit of background:I started playing the Heroes series with the first one, at a time when I had to go to an ""internet cafe"" in order to play, because I didn't own a PC. Played and loved it.Played the second and loved it.Played the third from highschool all the way through college even after the 4th appeared. I still remember the nights we spent playing hotseat. Played even the ""In the Wake of Gods"" modPlayed the 4th and loved it.I think I played the 5th, I can't remember anything about it, so I guess it was average.Played the 6th a bit and I found it not completely bad. I was in the beta, and preorderd it. Then somehow, Ubisoft managed to make it unplayable. Due to a conflict with an Nvidia driver it was unplayable for about half an year for me. Recently picked it up again, and it's playable apart from some performance issues. NOTE: I don't have any performance issues with more recent and more demanding games!Played the 7th for 2 hours, and just couldn't bear more than that.So at this point, I don't recommend this game to anyone. I picked it up on a big sale, so it's not much of a financial hit, but I was strongly considering a refund. The only reason I'm not asking for one, is out of love for the series, and it the hopes that people will look at this review and understand they need to stay away from it."
76561198052710417,Not Recommended,321960,18347839,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ThEsYsTeM,"A childish game. This game isn't for you If you value the complexity of games like Endless Legends. One positive is the combat system, I guess. I wish endless legends implemented a system where you could put a character into defense for a turn."
,Not Recommended,321960,18253655,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Okita Souji,"Just few words from the first perspective:- Disappointed graphic quality (Developers, we are living in the 2015 year!!! What differences are from HOMM 6?). I have R9 290X card and after Witcher 3 quality 'this' cannot be called as a game :(- A lot of bugs even in the start of the game. For example fight with Gryphon first hero - a half of my army just disappear."
,Not Recommended,321960,18436588,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Exdeath,"It remembers me a little of the realese of BF4... Bugs everywhere, even gamebreaking ones. You will be punished, if you're too good for this game. It seems, they were not really this game.At this point, it was a waste of money to buy this game. Better play HOMM V, if you want a great game.Maybe they managed to patch this game, but I don't think, it will be playable in the next months"
76561198002731946,Not Recommended,321960,18436636,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Fezzik,Game is way too buggy atm.
76561198011261810,Not Recommended,321960,18367415,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,hottona66,its a copy paste from Might & Magic Heroes 6 and 49.99$ is too much for copy paste
76561198086274913,Not Recommended,321960,18346769,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,CyBrutus,"I only played HOMM ll, HOMM V and HOMM Vl. Now HOMMVll.Truthfully i like this game but... T_T theres no animation for the Campaign Council and it was very odd. The textures on the faces were a bit weird and not smoothed out. Maybe they were trying to go for a different style i dont know. I feel like the publishers dont give enough time for the developers to make something great. =/TO those people of complaining about some textures and such. I had no problem with it although i do admit it has problems when rendering rarely.The Building concept i liked very much, i dont know what some people have against it. I loved how they brought back the magic guilds. Classic HOMM.I did notice that some of the governor abilities bugged out and at the end of turn or did not integrate at all. to fix it i had the hero go back and redo the application of the governor. The last mission of the Haven was especially annoying because most of the time the governor abilities for economy would not work. Highly annoying.I love the options to choose which monster growth or champion creature to build. A lot of the new concepts i like however as i read other reviews there is no TUTORIAL... Very weird. I only knew about the Governor concept through the 2nd mission of the Haven campaign. WEll i did do BETA but forgot afterward.The AI is a bit of a joke easily tricked and summoning elementals will just attract all the aggro.As of right now the game is lacking. Hopefully they improve it tremendously with an expansion or update.Hmm... no wonder they didnt show the campaign council in BETA because EVERYONE would complain. They shouldve done it like the trailer animated like that. And more immersive story like in HOMM V and HOMM Vl."
76561197998975253,Not Recommended,321960,18508686,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,mr_gunz,Don't buy this game.Gave it a try in the last few weeks. Can't even reload a game because of a skill lost bug since patch 1.5. Makes this game useless.Was already buggy. Now is not even playable. Don't waste money on that game. Please.
76561198051457121,Not Recommended,321960,18293231,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[TUXEDO] warzak85df,"What's the need of Beta testers, Ubisoft?Well it's ether.a) You haven't listened to the consumers who've had the chance to throw you feedback concerning the game.b) Or it's like the Beta version was working flawlessly, yet you apparently forgot to double check the full version, because it's loaded with crashes.There's no doubt about it, the game has been improved since previous installment in all aspects, but the amount of crashes and bugs just doesn't add up to the prices you charge for something unchecked, is ridiculous. Do you even care for the consumers? Or is it's just that huge amount of $ in your eyes.Fix this, or I wish someone else, who actually cares for us gamers, take up the stick for this franchise and actually do a proper Heroes game once again."
76561198034422656,Not Recommended,321960,18354248,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Titus Pullo,"i must say i am disappointed of the game so far...i am a huge might and magic fan but the bugs make the game so unplayable u cannot truly enjoy it....and the online games are unplayable, because of the disconnects and errors."
76561198049524819,Not Recommended,321960,24783956,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,jomonger,"I won't buy any ubisoft game again. Multiplayer doesn't work. I was waiting till patch 2.0 with the review. Something changed, but it is completely unstable in multiplayer (don't have hope to end ur multiplayer game). We have 2016, not 1996."
,Recommended,321960,19588689,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,GayoMayo,"Core gameplay is great, fan requested changes have been great.They went back to a more H5 direction, and it works great.Change to the Unreal engine was great.Now Steam Workshop support is great...But... so many bugs, so so many bugs.Even just playing Multiplayer Hotseat, the bugs have been so numerous I've lost track.I can only imagine what Online Multiplayer is like...I'd say wait another month or so to buy it if you haven't yet.Despite that though... I'm still going to give it a positive review, because bugs aside, it's a great installment in the series and it did many things right.But seriously, fix the ♥♥♥♥ing bugs."
,Not Recommended,321960,18350159,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Lodinn,"On a bright side - some developments in fraction balance and certain connections with HOMM3 feel totally good.Skill system may not be very flexible, but it's interesting and transparent (as opposed to homm5 skill wheel). Fraction abilities no longer require charging for who knows how long. For an instance, elven (Sylvan) fraction ability is pretty potent, and it's what they attempted to achieve in homm5, but failed. Bad thing is it's basically must have for a main hero for most of the fractions (stronghold just doesn't work without it). Some fractions, however, have it considerably weaker. Overall balance is also very questionable.From updated gameplay perspective it's nothing new really, but offers some smoother experience. If not only...Major drawbacks include poor localization, lots of bugs (100+ pages full of complains in 5 days after launch on steam forums), and game being REALLY slow even on somewhat decent pc for no apparent reason. All the Ubisoft things. So, nothing really new and tons of crappy game support.Bottom line: Don't pay for this game now unless you're a fan of the series, it's totally not worth it. If you are, some parts can amuse you. Game design is quite good. Production is not."
,Not Recommended,321960,19451015,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,shirles,"Its so hard to grade this game...on one hand I love it because its an upgraded version of the games I loved as a kid. On the other hand I hate it because I feel like they rushed it out and its full of bugs. Would I recommend the game right now? How can I in good conscience recommend a game that I can't even play because it crashes when I try and load a saved game...i can't, even though I want to."
76561198005651762,Not Recommended,321960,18315095,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,JaniXY,"This game feels rushed and I made the mistake of buying it. It´s worse than mmh6. Lot of the materials from 6 like models and music blatantly re used in this game. Ui is horrible. Skill wheel is there but the skills are rather confusing and obnoxious. Story is bad and poorly written with bad dialogues and childish grown men lobbing bad insults at each other with no chivalry or respect involved. Because of the title this game will sadly sell a lot of copies before people will ultimately realize that this is not heroes of might and magic, this is garbage. They bought the license only to sell the title and create garbage with no respect to the original 3do version of the world. Freaking dragon gods like the gold dragon worshipped by humans pooping out angels is just bad writing. Flank mechanic is badly made and you will see some stacks dancing around each other with no penatly in relocating to the flank of another enemy stack. Sound effects, spell effects, animations is all horribly made. The adventure map is obnoxious as well. Fighting feels clunky and a big white letters spell out to you what round it is in combat like it´s mortal kombat. (Round 1) (Round 2) I am almost expecting some narrator to scream out (Fight). Warfare unit´s is also ""meh"".Please for the love of god Do not Support any more heroes title until the license is sold to better developers that intent to rewrite/backtrack to a better mythical homm world.On the plus side the town screens looks good."
,Not Recommended,321960,18357503,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,LaVanguard,"This game is crap.Its a disgrace to♥♥♥♥♥♥the lineage of mighty Heroes series with game so rushed and undeveloped.Some of the ideas are good, but most of it its just crap.Graphics is horrible - its like a journey back in time. Even previous part was betterAnimation in cutscenes is just obnoxious. I could make better ones on my IT lessons at school.Very strange leveling system - tries to be interesting but fails to be anything.Sounds during battle and in general are crappy - only good thing is music in some of the towns - but thats just a standard thing for Heroes series.I hate the new undead idea as well as the whole universe. Why noone is trying to bring back Erathia and Roland/Archibald etc. This universe is very shallow.Campaign design is rushed and unacceptable even in beta.Dont buy this game.Hate Ubisoft. For the♥♥♥♥♥♥they've done to the game!"
76561198072054058,Not Recommended,321960,18408479,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,wcwei1985,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The Uplay launcher does not work. Tried all type of methods ( delete uplay, reinstall uplay by download uplay from their website, delete original files, tried all compatible windows, run as admin, you name it, i tried it.) If you own a laptop like me(yeah, i read that not all mobile g.card is supported), if i can play other games without this much of problem, i don't know how this game cant be design to be playable. Uplay just simply SUCKS. I am not going to buy any ubi games again.I own a LENOVO Y580. if you read this comment and happen to have the same laptop as mine, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It wont works. I had to ask for REFUND for this game from STEAM. First ever game i ask for refund. Never been this frustrated before. Truly disappointing at ubi."
76561197980614776,Not Recommended,321960,32700925,Posted: 23 June,all,feneant,"Well, I figured the reviews couldn't all be right, but turns out they are.  This game plays worse than most early access titles here! It's clunky, unpolished, buggy and plays like its 10 years old."
,Not Recommended,321960,18286493,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TheDooft,I enjoyed the gameplay but the game contains huge game-breaking bug that ruins everything. You shouldn't spent your money on it to discourage studio to release game in a alpha state.
76561197965094617,Not Recommended,321960,18839809,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Rygar1976,"I have never played a game in this series before but I had always wanted to... i have heard of it for many years.  I bought this game for $60 and its honestly the WORST purchase ive ever made on Steam, and i have hundreds of games.It has no tutorial so i literally have no clue what i am doing.  Its ugly and reminds me of a 10 year old game.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  UBISOFT IS INCREDIBLY TERRIBLE."
76561197984958324,Not Recommended,321960,23820965,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,espen.g.ness@gmail.com,Officialy the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game I have ever played. ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft.
76561198041605676,Not Recommended,321960,18652743,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DarkDC,"I have never seen so bad Heroes of might and  magic game as this one .When I played the first 2 campaigns I was wondering what I was missing not even mentioning the graphics , bugs , crashes and overpowered ram ABUSE . I have a very high end gaming rig so that should say enough.Wondering why I mostly hated was that I found the storyline , gameplay and a lot less features that I was missing is just an outrage. Heroes 6 has so much more than 7 so I had hopes to see MORE in 7 NOPE it just looked like Heroes 5 no extras units  not even new ones . units are been re-used from 5 all anime. graphic units where the same ( did they even do anything , or did they just copy the thing from 5 )  I do not see any different between these 2 games.story line was MEEEEEEH could  do much MUCH better , and the gameplay is just staggering had to move so far for resources/quests and back again it almost took me one day to play only 1 level ....that's just boring not even some old style villain that attacked me so I could level up fast only at the end when the campaign was almost done .and last but not least THE SPY ROOM thingy or .....whatever seeing at the beautiful market place and dwellers the thief gild was just horrible like  they did just not finished it .I had high hopes but I now know this this game is pure made for money this game has nothing to do with HOMM series  this is just a game that looks like HOMM they took the name and ran with the money . sorry for putting it like this but it is just an outrage and thinking I payed almost 50,- euros for this game ....NEVER AGAIN"
76561197961045743,Not Recommended,321960,18298768,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hungry,"Stay away, check the game's progress in maybe another year.I have loved every HOMM game (yes even HOMM6) and yet I cannot recommend this game at all.This game is a ripoff, an Alpha version charged at full price. It will need another year of development to be completed.Shame on the developer and publisher. If you love making games and released something like this you should quit. I think everyone should come together for a class action against both for ripping people off."
,Recommended,321960,20051063,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Vanaxis,"Knowing Ubisoft as many of us do, I did not preorder MM7. That played out well for me as it released in the fashion I have come to expect from them. By all accounts the game was heinous and unplayable. So I ignored it. Until I started to see positive reviews float from the depths, mentioning patch 1.6 as finally releasing a finished, playable and enjoyable game. I dared not to hope... But it was also on steam sale... I took the plunge.....And sunk into the warm, comforting bath water of a heroes of might magic game. 7 sees the return of resources and spells and mage guilds, but keeps the area control around towns. The skill dots of 6 also forgotten, now having a wheel where you can take various skills to grand mastery, mastery, expert or novice depending on your class, of which each faction has 6. Before you get overwhelmed with choice note that 6 are the same for every faction, 3 might and 3 magic with an agressive, defensive and balanced version of each. You can plan ahead, make very different heroes with different playstyles on every map... A great experience.The game is ready to be played, it is fun, it is worthy of it's lineage.Maybe next time Ubi wont fart out a half cooked game? Doubt it"
76561198167896271,Not Recommended,321960,18433356,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,laurkata,i buy this game and it s not working ... what can i do?
76561198033628436,Not Recommended,321960,18390976,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,G KING,hard crash 3 times in rowgame not working at all for mei ask  for refounduplay new policy sell broken gamesgood things steam accept refound no problems at allthanks steam
76561198022081261,Not Recommended,321960,18398422,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Phyreon,Do not buy this game. The AI takes ages to process when they are nowhere near to be in sight. It failed to initiate and run in my laptop every single time.
76561198088017457,Not Recommended,321960,25966503,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Telomin,"I recently bought the HOMM3 for my pad after 10 years of not playing that game. Since that game the series have mostly been falling apart it seems like. This game is definetly not as fun as the first one, but much better than the last game in the series. Now they wont release any more bug fixes or such since the collaboration with some companies got scwered. I hope they later manage to ressurect the game series as well as they managed to do with Tomb Raider. One can hope."
76561198062513611,Not Recommended,321960,18662366,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Chupakabra,"I really, REALLY hope that Ubisoft changes the team before the next version. This one, well, this one is a nightmare."
76561198022635025,Not Recommended,321960,18358445,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,dangdung,"The game is unfinished. I played the Haven Campaign first, and had to redo a Mission due to a bug. Then I played the Necropolis Campaign and can't progress any further then Mission 2, due to nothing happening. Today the News says ""report bugs"". Well.. I clearly didn't see an Early Release tag when I bought this game. Else I wouldn't have, and because of that I regret the purchase. Although i spend quite some time playing this game, the bugs are just too annoying. Definitly not what I expected for 50 bucks."
58588585858585858,Not Recommended,321960,18401027,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,zulu211080,"Yet again, they release a game where the basics do not work. Networking do not work. One should think that after 4 new game releases, they would get it together on the fourth release. Unfortunately, they don`t.Don`t bother bying anymore games in this franchise. After HOMM3, they have failed utterly and will never recover. Waste of time and money.Networking do not work. Out of sync.Networking do not work. Savegames cannot be loaded / sharedCampaign, a bust.Save ur money for something real."
76561198026415472,Not Recommended,321960,18352060,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,mduedk,"there are so many errors in hmm7 it's almost unplayable.Graphics error on the mini map so it seems that there are enemies who are not there.Save Game mistakes in matters of the campaign CH3 in every race.And there are many of the units without magic as Archlich, Banshee +++And the devices our's abilities do not work as in Cavalier's Charge, Vampire's Life drain +++Almost everything Warfare units are useless.Believe me, I could go on for a long time ...I vote for Ubisoft to sell the rights to make hmm series to a new game provider, end hmm series dies completely ...1/10 .............. for Ubisoft."
76561198021664572,Recommended,321960,34909887,Posted: 12 September,all,proci85,"If you liked the previous Heroes games, this game can be fun as long as you are willing to accept that it isn't perfect.By it isn't perfect, I mean the bad:- The AI isn't great, but at least this time it doesn't cheat like it did in HoMM2 and HoMM3.- It still crashes. For me, this was around once every 10-20 hours, mostly when ending a campaign and returning to the campaign screen, so I never lost any actual progress.- There are some weird bugs, like the infamous firewall bug (enemies stay within it instead of leaving it) and some other minor weirdnesses. For me nothing game breaking and (besides the firewall one), I did encounter one once every ten hours.- You need to login to uplay on the first run, otherwise it won't work. However Uplay never went down when I played it, so again, it is much more stable than it was a couple of year ago.- The community died in practice. The base game has walkthroughs, but the expansion has none. Not even on the usual places. You are on your own to experiment.There are other things which it does very well, also the good:- This is HoMM5 2015 edition in most regards.- There is a huge, very well balanced campaign. The level design is good, there is a good story arch, it does help you by testing different skills and setups and the skill system is easy to understand and fun to experiment with.- There are some combinations which are much more useful than they appear to be. The skill system is well balanced.- There is no ""best"" build for a hero. There are a different approaches working with different situations.- The AI is somewhat bad, but the campaigns are build with that in mind. There are some levels where I was outnumbered by far by every single enemy stack.- Also, there is a huge variety of well balanced units. This also mean that there can be small number of entry level creatures you need to skip when you can defeat large packs of champion creatures. This was an usual case for me under the wizard campaign.-The graphics look great and the interface is easy to use.And the great:- The hero build variety is amazing. I ended the last level of the expansion with an economy / diplomacy hero which had a righteousness / leadership combo buffed by positive spells (read: prime magic and fortune) within around six weeks without ever buying a single creature from a city / dwelling, but building up the army on the way relying on constant good morale in the end. On an earlier level, I used defense / fire focusing heroes, just to realize on the last battle that I need to switch to a full offensive approach with melee units to win instead of casting fireballs and having the army look at the fireworks from a distance.- The armageddon build is working and shining like it did back with Heroes 2. Because clearing out half a level with a couple of elite creatures is fun.- All the magic schools have game ending builds, and one is not necessary better than the other. You need to adjust your strategy a lot depending on the situation.- Some of the levels in the campaign are similarly epic as the ending of the Sylvian / Inferno campaign in HoMM5. The expansion is a bit similar on how I remember Armageddon's Blade even on normal difficulty.I didn't tried multiplayer over the network though. But the campaign is fun and is really well balanced."
,Not Recommended,321960,18456725,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Yuki,"stupid AI, poor graphics, even cannot finish a haven campaign because of the stupid bugs. NO HOMM 8 plz."
76561198017447383,Not Recommended,321960,19852396,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Rebel Flame,"I think I should start with: I was all about HOM&M. Up to 5th part I couldn't wait for another one. Same with Might and Magic series. I have spent countless hours playing, trying different heroes configurations, chasing my own record in finishing objectives, clearing map or just having fun leveling. Despite of negative reviews I decided to try this game myself because... oh! come one! It can't be that bad!Yes... It can and it is.- Ubisoft wasn't even interesting in making good intro!- briefing before campaigns is pathetic... I was always using it as part that puts me into mood, helps visualizing world around... This ""something"" that Ubisoft made was annoying from first 10 seconds!- I have no problem with epilepsy by constant animations of vortex before every fight almost made me puke- Hero leveling and skill system is... weird. Hero card looks like project dropped from developement- You liked admiring details of units on the info screen? Now you can forget about it- Hit boxes for all the resources and points of interests on map are way smaller then their graphic equivalent making kind of ""stiff"" to pick up- game loves to freeze. It was so long since I have seen game crashing on my computer, forgot how annoying it was (3 years to be exact, some small problems with skyrim on a debut day)+ more realistic textures, sharper, nicer, better done then in any part of the series+ improved city UIAfter trying this game I feel like STEAM should remove it from shop and refund people that bought it. Complete waste of money! Even at -50% this game is not worth it and from what I can feel Ubisoft felt the same way during developement.DISGRACE!"
,Not Recommended,321960,18680324,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SOla LG,Crash after announcer video.... game during .. 10 secondes... I love you UbiSoft
76561197962484126,Not Recommended,321960,25640294,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,AfB.|Ethos #NovaNation,This game has not recieved a single update that fixes any of the major problems since its release this game used to be an amazing series but now its just total♥♥♥♥♥♥the same way EA turned Command and Conquer into total♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,321960,21238693,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Morrandir,"(This review only covers the single player campaign. I haven't played any skirmish maps or even multiplayer maps.)Generally you will like this game if you like its predecessors. The main concepts stay the same with very little changes.As I like these concepts and as I think everybody who's interested in this game knows them as well, I just point out what I didn't like about the game:All in all it was a little too easy. While I have played most of the HoMM games and other TBS (e. g. Age of Wonders), I wouldn't claim myself to be an expert. I played on normal difficulty and just followed the general strategy of focussing on leveling up a single hero on each map fighting with him only, until the level cap is reached. Then I would level up the next hero. And before finishing a map, I always tried to visit every building that increases stats with each hero.During all of the campaign, I had 2-3 tough battles. The rest was quite easy.Somehow the battles got repetitive quickly. I don't know if there are more neutral enemy armies in this game than in its predecessors or if the tactial possibilities are more limited but I often had a couple of battles in a row that played completely the same. That most likely is connected to the game being too easy.That may as well be connected to the spell ""Summon Elementals"" being too powerful. If you have this spell with a decent mage, you'll blast all enemy armies especially in the beginning of a map when they're still small.The wizards campaign starts with a beautiful map with two memorable heroes. Unfortunatley the next two maps are played with different heroes that are only loosely conncted. While the stories where nice as well (Arabian Nights atmosphere) I would have liked it much better if you more or less played with the same heroes through the campaign.When one of your buildings gets attacked with no hero defending it, you can't do a quick battle or surrender in the tactical combat map. You're forced to (auto)play the battle. That's unnerving when you'll loose the battle anyway.I played through the campaign with version 1.6. While there were some minor bugs, there was only one really unnerving one: artefact exchang on heroes is totally bugged, making it impossible to distribute artefacts as you wish. You may even loose items permanently. That a bug like this slipped QA is pathetic. I more than once considered stopping and uninstalling the game because of this.On my personal fun scale, I gave it a 7,5/10, so for me it wasn't as good as Age of Wonders III (8/10)."
76561198048208443,Not Recommended,321960,22873878,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,damnthevalley,"I don't often write reviews, but this game has been a colossal dissapointment.  I've been playing Heroes religiously since H2, and I really wanted to believe that this would be the game where they finally took the time and effort to try and revive the series.  It's lack luster, slow paced, boring, and feels like a collected bunch of rehashed content from before.  Might be fun if it goes on sale for an amazing price, but I couldn't honestly recommend it otherwise"
76561198008327169,Not Recommended,321960,18412447,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Maethizar,"I cannot even play the game without it crashin, let alone experience all of these horrendous problems I'm seeing, I pre-ordered a few months back and was anticipated the release and so I was very excited to play. Any insight toward a solution would be greatly appreciated. I'm already having a serious case of buyers remorse without even seeing any gameplay...9590 FX OctocoreAsus Sabertooth 990FX R2.032gb Sniper Gskill ram2x Nvidia EVGA GTX 980's2 500gb Samsung SSD's"
,Not Recommended,321960,18409981,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Siight,"If this were an indie developed title, launching at $20, I'd think it's fantastic.  But it's not, it's a AAA game, demanding a high AAA price tag.  For a AAA title, I expect polish.I don't necessarily consider it a bad game, I just don't think it's worth a AAA price tag.  Grab this at 75% off...and pretend it was developed by a small indie team...and don't think of it as a M&M game, consider it just a TBS game.Like what others are saying:- Cut scenes.  They're basically frozen models with overlayed speech.- Bugs...oh my the bugs.- Animations...repetitive, and just mediocre in my opinion.- Story?  I don't know, haven't really been able to play much, bugs are annoying.- Graphics, are decent.Like, I don't think it's a bad game, I just don't think it was developed with a AAA budget.  It feels more like it was developed by a small team, so they had to go with minimalist type cut scenes and animations...as well as skimp on the QA team, just to keep costs low.  But then at the end it feels like, they partnered up with Ubisoft which threw on the M&M IP and decided that just for the name it's worth $60.In summary, wait for the traditional 75% off GotY version, and think of it more as an indie developed fantasy themed tbs game."
76561198007017945,Not Recommended,321960,25577246,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,mortenbroe,"Shallow storyline, clunky combat, uninspiring units and heroes, average cutscenes and a game that crashes about 1 or 2 times pr. hour. sigh..... i had hoped for so much more."
76561197985375704,Not Recommended,321960,19752591,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,solblomst22,I ve been Playing HMM since the first part. I actually liked them all more or less. But Number Seven is a no go.Graphic worse then Number 6. Gameplay nothing new but everything worse. Story well we should nt talk about it.Dont Buy it its not worth more than 10 Bugs.
76561198007009808,Recommended,321960,20151385,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Getto Gecko,"A realy good Heroes game, they took some steps back to focus on the strength of former Titles like the Skillwheel with the option to random like HOMM V or individual choice, more differences in Factions playstyle like in HOMM III. Only missing the Weapons you could level up they invented in HOMM VI.Pro:Best gameplay of all Heroes games thanks to Gouvenorsystem, Skillwheel, huge differences between Factions (unlike HOMM VI where they all played nearly the same) lots of individual skill and playstyles for the Heroes, choices in Townbuilding for more situational playing.Contra:Poor Release, and ♥♥♥♥ing of the Community from the Start. But nowadays its patched and I have no more bugs.Poor graphics, but to be honest I never played Heroes for good graphics so it doesn't realy matter.Typical Heroes storytelling, the Lore itself is pretty cool the presentation not, so its a real HOMM.This game is alot better than its Reviews, because alot of people wrote bad reviews because of bugs that are no longer in it and never tested the gameplay."
76561198019898996,Not Recommended,321960,18426311,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,BiogenicSoup,This migt very well be the end of a franchise. This game is close to unplayable.Buy Heroes 1-6 instead they are all much much better.At least I got a refund.......
76561198056367345,Not Recommended,321960,25886097,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,gg,I will never ever buy an Ubisoft product again as long as I live.
76561198047541649,Not Recommended,321960,18783028,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,cainrandom,"Incredibly buggy, and each patch introduces new ones.  Very poor quality game."
,Not Recommended,321960,18305458,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,The Sleepy Lucario,one of worst game ever played
,Recommended,321960,20803423,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Ƹ̵̡DRCLƷ Whitest Wolf,"Might & Magic Heroes VII is the newest installment in the Might and Magic franchise, this time returning to the roots of the franchise instead of trying to change it.After a lot of patches, and many still remain announced (including free content packs), this game is quite enjoyable.The singleplayer campaigns are quite fun, depending on how much you like a certain faction.The skirmish is possibly the most fun aspect of the game for me, because you can pick exactly who and against whom you want to play, on which terms and where, giving you the most control over your experience, and you aren't limited as you would be in early campaign levels to certain units and buildings.The multiplayer works now, it used to be quite buggy but it's actually enjoyable now. Because of the turn based nature of the game, matches with multiple players can take quite a long time, even if it is set on simultaneous turns. But that is to be expected from any turn based game.It is fun if you're a fan of Might and Magic (but don't have extreme expectations), and I expect future expansions are going to make it a lot better."
76561198025695794,Not Recommended,321960,18671262,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,immagikman,"Just too buggy right now, too many crashing bugs, they fixed the save game load but now it crashes when you start battle.  I WANT to like this game but its wasting too much of my precious time.  Ive uninstalled and will check back in a few months."
76561197994340378,Recommended,321960,20224161,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,FreakazoiD,"First of all, i have to say i installed this game for the first time after patch 1,6 was out. cant tell how it was before BUT:Guys, if i read the reviews i would normally think this game must be T.R.A.S.H but let me tell you:THIS IS BEST PART WITH PART 3 TOGETHER!! THIS GAME DID NOT CRASH ONCE AFTER 50+ HOURS OF PLAYING!!(yes it does have a small bug here and there but nothing gamebreaking at all)Everything summed up-this game is MUST HAVE FOR ALL FANS!!"
76561198008109959,Not Recommended,321960,18354635,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,YoshiYoshiYoshi,"Too many bugs, which is another disapointment for this franchise.  Game crash bugs, difficulty spikes, and very little is different from the last iteration- except that features like personal points to buy upgrade cards have been taken out from VI and the hero magic and might progression is different and less straightforward. Not an upgrade.All in all, not exciting and disapointing to say the least."
,Recommended,321960,18298685,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Heronkill,"Gameplay feels closer to HOMM III than any of the previous games I've played since Heroes V.Very conservative iteration of the game. Plays well. Doesn't feel extremly polished.Initial release version is way too buggy. This game was clearly released prematurely. Otherwise, multiplayer gameplay is great, ability to watch allies battle is great and makes waiting for your turn much more enjoyable instead of just waiting.Once they fix the Out of Sync issues, this will be a solid purchase for any classic HOMM game"
,Not Recommended,321960,18265257,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,panagiotis_pa,"If the game was worth 20-25 euros i would recomend buying it. But NOT for 50 euros. NOT AT ALL! Thanks for this unpolished game Ubisoft! It is like playing a game in Alpha or preAlpha state, not a final release...Update 12-1-2015 New comments for the game...Most of the bugs are fixed and the game gets nicer but...The intro still sucks (Static video with some talking explaining the story, WHAT STORY???)The ingame ""actors"" giving their voices during the story are how can i say it? Not actors?? My friends are not actors but they could have done it better, much much better in reading a small role.Don't expect to see videos inside the game, just static images and a few blah blah blah explaining the story.The game still is NOT worth 50 euros!!!I wish there was a way to get MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197965809627,Not Recommended,321960,18277429,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Webin,"Cutscenes are very poorly done.  The game has tons of crashes and the multiplayer doesn't work.  They really rushed this game out about 6 months too early.  Also, the economies are broken.  Having a fully upgraded town and some gold mines I couldn't buy all the units my town was making."
76561198037283435,Not Recommended,321960,24729260,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,hicuty,Why do you make a game if ai does weird things? Old heroes 3 got 10x better ai then this. Pls if you cant make a game dont go for it?
76561198022722270,Not Recommended,321960,19156720,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Benomacer,"Out of sync!Thats the main reason why i stopped playing Heroes 7. In every Game for me WORKING Multiplayer is a MUST.  Because after I played a time against the AI, which is by the way shocking stupid in heroes 7, i get bored. No new strategy, no human thinking i'll never play a strategy game against an AI for long.Every Heroes i played from Heroes 3 (i played heroes 2 Multi too but only Hotseat) had a working multiplayer.And at the top of that if you made a savegame, at a point where the Game was not OUT OF SNYC, well that was useless. Because the Game CORRUPTED the SAVEGAMES from before as well.I NEVER encountered a game in the HISTORY of GAMEPLAY that allowed the program to TOUCH AND CHANGE your SAVEGAMES. Because a SVEGAME IS SUPPOUSED TO BE SAAVVEE!I Buyed the Geme for me and my girlfriend and and was looking forward to the release. I rusheed home from work after i started downloading the game before work and started playing. And what a dissapointment. After 4 hours of screwing around I came to the conclusion that the game was not playable in multiplayer.They announced a big patch and after the patch release (over 1.5 GB) i hoped they fixed it but it still didn't work.One more Thing: the convertion of Cities that worked perfectly in heroes 6 was not implimented in heroes 7.Now let me tell you one thing, fans of cities non convertable:If you ar playing Academy and your Human opponent plays Sylvanas. You conquer 2 Cities one is Dungeon and one is Nekromacer.Your Opponent conquers the other 2 and both are sylvanas. He stack all his creatures and you don't. How can you still win that game when your human opponent has 3 times the ammount of creaturens on a stack??? At least it should be an option at map settings before you start, so if anybody doesn't like that, it can be disabled.Converting Cities was Progress. And they removed it and replaced it throug errors out of sync and by the way where are the dwarfs, my favorite from Heroes 5. Of course it just happened there were no programmers left to work on them, they were too busy programming errors and removing progress.I would like to say that i never was that dissiapointed by a game. But honestly i have to admitt i was: Rome 2 total war was quite the same dissapointment."
76561198038990377,Not Recommended,321960,19153275,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,law.shappell,"If you're into the genre, and a fan of the M&M franchise as I am... do not waste your money on this game. It's buggy, full of glitches, and honestly feels like a game still in developement. Not to mention if you play for more than two hours (which these types of games require just to get started) you cannot get a refund. There aren't words for the amount of ripped-off I feel after staying so loyal to this franchise. I'm simply praying after a few months, and thousand updates this becomes a Might and Magic game worthy of that title. Stick with VI, or V.  Ubisoft... You Owe Me Money... period!!!"
76561198028275201,Not Recommended,321960,19147951,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,yvesp,"Having played since HOMM1, I have high expectations. They are not met.Don't misunderstand me, the game isn't that bad, but it's not that good either.First of all, this is not Heroes of Might & Magic. It is Heroes of MIGHT & magic. Magic is not very useful, except at the game beginning where it decides the battle. Once you reach mid-game, your best spells are these that alter inititiave or movement, the spell that conjures elemental and a few troop enhancing spells. Anything else is mostly useless. And unlike other editions (I did not play 6 however), I have never been mana starved.Combat is too deadly, and hardly lasts more than 3 rounds. Usually, it is over at the end of the first or somewhere during the second round. This explains in part why magic is no that important: you cast one, at most two spells in one combat!The game is unstable and may crash. I have identified an artifact that causes the game to crash as soon as I enter combat. Too bad, it was a good one! Since you have autosave at the end of every turn, you can live with such bugs.Much can also be said about heroes skills. Some are very poor, such as the exploration tree (1 skill point for 1 movement point is a poor trade off!), and some are just too good to pass over (the parangon tree if you get it.) Since you have only 30 levels, you will very often end up with the same skills. Too bad.I've yet to finish the campaign. It was not too bad, until I got stuck in the land of dreams (mage campaign); I'm possibly too dumb, but moving around doesn't open the next passage at some point. So that finishes this campaign. But it looks like a bug. (Edit: I restarted from before entering the land of dreams and it did work.)Also, I'm still missing Heroes 3 graphics. They were clear and looked like fairy land. These graphics are 3D (yeah, that's trendy!), but the game doesn't need that and it tends to obscure places in the land; you don't know if you can pass through or if there is a treasure etc... until you try. And in many cases, you have a hard time distinguishing a pile of material or an important land marker from the surroundings.Overall the game is not unpleasant.It's just not great, with many little things that should have been seen and corrected.Edit: One more reason to be warry; today, I discovered that my most recent saves are bugged, and loading the last uncorrupted one makes me lose 2h of game. Or so I thought. This happened again after this, so I'll have to end the campaign crippled or run around the map losing time to recover my spells. Amusingly, my skills are scrambled too: some are lost... nothing to do about that! This latest discovery doesn't plead in favor of the game!Edit2: This last bug is getting more and more ennoying and it cripples about one game out of three. I'd recommend not to buy the game as long as it is not solved: regularly having to reload old saves, having to make check points (which you load to know if the save is correct) is just plain unacceptable and removes much of the game fun. Many other less apparent bugs spoil the game; for example, I noticed that mage's towers don't shoot when sieged; necromancers get so many skelettons from the middle of the game that it looks like a bug; I could name others... Clearly, even though the game will let you get some good time if you like the genre, the editor definitely doesn't respect the customer. And aout the editor, I did not mention that you will have Uplay running in the background, and unlike Steam, it is a pile of s..t; it may send you pop ups every thirty seconds should you lose your internet connection, and it may even crash your game..."
76561198062012216,Not Recommended,321960,26049768,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,visier777,"Cons: bugged as hell, campaign has no sense of investment due to it being 6 of main hero advisers telling him stories of the past/Pro: still a Heroes gameConclusion: go replay 5 or 6 again"
,Not Recommended,321960,23838813,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Veneti,Can't play. The game crashes on start. I've followed many guides online to fix it - still nothing. Do not buy the game. Wasted money.
,Not Recommended,321960,18269594,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Thaine,"Very disappointing...Game is very buggy e.g. Alt-tab crashes the game; switching video to windowed mode crashes the game; changing resolution crashes the game etc.Performance is abysmally slow, game takes ages to start, AI turns take ages to execute even on small maps.  You need to esc through 6 or 7 screens when starting the game just to get to the main menu.Cut-scene graphics are antiquated and static - is the best Ubisoft can do really having a static image of a character with his/her mouth open whilst the pathetic voice actor talks???Game sound track is repetitive, irritating and laughable sh*t!  Voice actors and dialog are similarly irritating.  I have no idea whether the story line is any good as I can’t click past the voice dialogs & cut scenes quick enough.This game is utter rubbish and a huge let down after the other games in this franchise - I wouldn’t recommend playing it even if it was free."
76561198030959457,Not Recommended,321960,18268798,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Typhoon of Dvina,"I am the kind of a player, who expects, maybe foolishly that his beloved game would grow with him. That it would grow from maybe a rather childish position, to a mature, sophisticated, excelent masterpiece. This is, of course, not entirely possible, since, I presume that certain types of games are always being produced for the same target age group of players. So I am allways a little disapointed when a new version doesn't meet my always increasing expectations. Anyways, I am sorry to say, that in the case of Might & Magic Heroes VII, my disappointment has more severe reasons.Based on what has been presented for many months on the products home page(mmh7.ubi.com), I expected monumental visual experience and immersive, exciting gameplay.Instead, the graphics of the game is many levels behind beautiful visual style and artworks presented on the homepage, obsolete by any standards, cheap and, in some parts, utterly unprofessional and shoddy. If the UI of the game was only by half as beautifull as is the web page, the day would be saved.Cheap icons, which, somehow, do not fit the background. Uggly fonts with heavy drop shadows. Inconsistent color combinations. And, after all, that windowy user interface with a lot of old days buttons and scroll bars. All that brings the feeling of refusal and suffocation.Gameplay is tedious and, in comparison with the previous version (Might and Magic: Heroes 6) doesn't bring any added value or refreshing novelty. Game as a whole is, dare I say, a very telling evidence of underbudget or mismanaged development project, especially when you see quite a good conceptual art.From reasons mentioned, the game is simply not worth of money I spent on it. I has already submitted a refund application."
76561197966946887,Not Recommended,321960,18881485,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,IllusiveSpike,"Reused graphics coupled with non-moving voice over screens that make the characters look more like puppets of wax and this is when the sound works, let alone when the game works at all. Loved HOMM3 even 4 a bit; 5 fell off a bit overall and 6 with generalized abilities to mute any advantage any one race could have over the others but still a decent game overall and now we are treated to this mess and told by the developer that this is ""...what we wanted..."" and ""...asked for..."".Shame on them.Save yourself the disgust and \PASS."
76561197960612107,Not Recommended,321960,18409671,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Apollo,AI turn times were stupid slow. Refund.
76561198168844629,Not Recommended,321960,18408168,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Leo Hu,every turn load too slow... at least 1 to 3 mins.... how to fix it.....
76561198081643519,Not Recommended,321960,18412234,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,shayrer,"Have you debuged, Ubi? When i want to open the town view, jump out; when start a battle, system crashed; want to siege, forbidden......At least, the workers are not so serious.I see some postive comments say homm vii remind them of homm iii. But now is 2015, you cannot use a benchmark of 15 years ago to value a product of nowadays. You should surpass homm iii.And homm iii do not need such a hardware requirement."
,Not Recommended,321960,18413817,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dariox,"Ubisoft apparently only cares about money. I played all HOMM since the 3rd one, including expansions. What they do is make a crappy game, go a step forward with expansion, and then two steps back with the next game.The franchise absolutely gives nothing new for over a decade, or rather in this century.Please stop buying these until they actually add some new feature in the base game instead only in their expansions."
76561198078401717,Not Recommended,321960,18423761,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,themirumoto,Ridiculous amounts of bugs often forcing you to redo multiple hour long maps since often it is the very last part of the last quest bugging out hard. Cutscenses are more screenshots than anything remotely close to a video which in 2015 is a joke. Yet again a game that got ruined by ubisoft rushing the release. NOT WORTH THE BUY
76561198079300037,Recommended,321960,19577733,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,giggityiggity,"Well, the skills finally carry over from one chapter to the next so the single player portion of the game is finally playable for me and the new patch seems to have polished up some really bad cosmetic bugs (neutral dwellings would say they were owned by ""mName"" or something like that).Bugs aside, I think the game certainly falls short of what it could have been in regards to adding anything new to the franchise.  I've been playing Heroes since the very first one and have played every version except for 6 and this game definitely has the feel of Heroes 5.  But it also doesn't have much else except superior visuals.I'm going to recommend the game as of today because it is finally playable for me.  I would not have recommended the game before this latest patch, however, so the game deserves the terrible reviews it has received."
,Not Recommended,321960,25237333,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Hoef,"Probably my least favorite of the entire series. While as a whole i recommend HOMM, this one im not halfway done and debating just stopping... lots of crashes, and some of the campaigns are almost a joke even on hard, ill put on heroic and see if its any better but the last necropolis mission on hard, i didnt make a single creature for the entire map, and for a lot of it i just used quick combat.After the first mission of any campaign, its almost a joke. Once your hero is leveled up at all (especially true with spells or warfare units) they pretty much curbstomp most fights. Perhaps it will be better on heroic but hard is just ridiculously easy."
76561198138201901,Not Recommended,321960,20110865,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lopilpo,"long time homam fan (played all of them), just finished Haven campaign, didnt play multiplayer yet...I enjoyed the Haven campaign, didnt encounter any game breaking bugs (quest bugs not allowing to proceed) or crashes but at the moment i cant recommend the game (v1.6)...AI is terrible, the game has several small bugs (artifacts not working properly, building activated abilities not working etc). In general the game feels unfinished and rushed (gj UBI)Hopefully the future patches will help and i will update the review"
76561198223576784,Not Recommended,321960,28714083,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hanys.ondrej,"It is joke? No, I dont like anything in this game! Graphic was better in VI, and crazy camera rotation - I am mad from it!!! If you are fan of HOMAM series, go play III or V."
,Not Recommended,321960,18355139,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,LaStDaNcE,Same game with an different title.
,Not Recommended,321960,18367380,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Massade,"Congratulations on developing a broken game. Half the game does not work on release, campaigns fail to complete. FULL of bugs..  it's a shameOther feedback that has been left about the game is a universal experience, particularly frustrating is that game breaking bugs prevent the completion of campaigns"
76561198026653679,Not Recommended,321960,18282611,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Amshaspands,"Any explaination on why this game is crashing while being launched?? Congratulations, great QA performed...."
76561198001194174,Recommended,321960,19550634,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Balgore,"Despite all the negative reviews and glitches/problems people reported, I took a chance on this game while it was on sale, and I am also a huge fan of the series, primarily HOMM 3.It doesn't have as many race choices as H3, but I knew that going into it.  It does however have a lot of unit and creature variety, and enough differing map monsters that there are a variety of fights to be had which offer many unique battles and cool unit abilities/specializations that add some depth to the tactics.Spells seem OP, but hey, they always were (blind I'm looking at you).  This is def. better than H6, and the levelling up system is improved.Note that so far I have played only the single player campaign, and have no interest in multiplayer, nor have I tried it.  It may or may not work, I don't know, but as far as all other reported glitches/problems/crashes reported, so far I have not experienced any of that, so that is good, and their latest patch does seem to have fixed a lot of the reported problems.The cinematics sucks, the story is so-so, but as long as you know that going into it you won't be disappointed.  Playing the game is what's fun.  I would love many more map options for single player scenario, as that is what kept me playing H3 for years and years (and still to this day), there are only a few choices at the current time, which kinda blows.  But the campaign offers a long enough game play experience to make this worth it, especially when it's on sale anyway.If you aren't a fan of the series, start with H3 as it's cheaper, and ultimately still the better game, and decide if you like this style of game before going for the full pop of this title."
76561197972277589,Not Recommended,321960,18275479,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Foshu,WAY to many bugs on the release date... its like heroes 4 all over again.
76561197986085681,Recommended,321960,19928433,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TheSpleen,"Clearly this was a must buy for me - have played might and magic games all the way since the original King's Bounty on my 386 on CGA. I was initially put off by the negative reviews, but as they were mostly due to bugs related to the initial releaser, I waited a few months before purchasing.This is my initial experience:My experience with patch 1.6 has not seen the recurrent crashes and game ending bugs. I am almost done with the first campaign and the game has been stable. There are a few improvements over the past iteration, such as being able to easily set up caravans to ferry troops from one city to another, as well as a well thought out ability tree - at least for the Haven general abilities. Haven't had much opportunity to use spells, but I'm having a blast of a time.All I can say is that if you have been putting off getting HOMM7 because of the bugs, I think this is not a bad time to get in. I would positively recommend this game if you love any of the previous HOMM iterations. It is feeling better than HOMM4, slightly less engaging than 5, and I prefer the graphics over 6, even though the lips don't move! (I think if they were going to use their 3D models in static positions, I would have preferred 2D art during the cut scenes).All in all a fun game in the vein of previous HOMM."
76561198041743521,Not Recommended,321960,20717383,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bart,"I have spent a lot of time with this game and I'm going to spend even more but please don't mistake my madness for a true and objective enthusiasm. I'm a self defined so called Heroes series psycho-fan so I will ""enjoy"" this game even through tears of suffering. Or maybe I have just masochistic nature... Even after all those patches this game still have its problems. It has ridiculous hardware requirements for like absolutely no reason - graphic is just simply said... ugly. I've enjoyed Heroes 5 graphics much more. Also artifacts are disappearing. AI is just dumb. I'm writing this review to list one more thing that not many reviewers address. This game is extremely EASY! I chose ""heroic"" difficulty hoping for some challenging fun. Unfortunately I didn't get what I was hoping for. I finished two campaigns already literally sweeping the map of any neutral monsters. Not a single time I had this nice feeling of accomplishing something difficult nor had I this pleasant anxiety that something may not go as I planned and that I might be surprised. I feel more like a clown now than a heroic hero... I know that games are getting dumber and dumber because they are part of the pop culture now and not like many years ago - an entertainment for intellectuals. But come on Ubisoft! You just reached the next level in the process of the word's dumbification. And yes - you are partially responsible for creating the Idiocracy! And yes - you are partially responsible for the future collapse of the human civilization due to the Idiocracy! I have a strong feeling that I could complete your game even having half of the brain. Maybe then I would feel challenged by you creation... There is one thing that I can be really thankful to the Ubisoft - maybe thanks to this game I will finally cure myself of this heroes addiction."
76561198037201898,Recommended,321960,22243626,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,clark.rf,"I was very hesitant to buy the game and waited for a long time because of all the negative reviews, but I finally got it on a 50% off sale around the beginning of March. Well, so far I've played through a couple of campaigns and had no issues. Sure, I miss the big cut scenes, but apart from that I've found this to be an improvement from VI. I love the in-depth scenery on the main map and there is a lot of variety in the missions so far. I'm not a big multi-player fan, so maybe there's a big problem in that area, but I've been pleased by a lot of the ways they've updated the gameplay. Two thumbs up, here!"
76561198061120007,Not Recommended,321960,32824395,Posted: 26 June,all,23zoom23,wow cant belive how far the heroes of might and magic franchise have fallen i know heroes 4 was a garbage but parts 2 3 and 5 were masterpices good job ubisoft for killing a legendary game
76561197992681922,Not Recommended,321960,18909817,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,SirLogiC,"Played it a bit and got bored fast.Why oh why Ubisoft, when you OWN THE IP, do you not use all the cool spell names from Heroes 3.Anyway I actually blame the devs for why this heroes game is very average. I remember reading an article where a dev bemaons he wanted to try and make an interesting game, but fans wanted ""more heroes of M&M"". So HoMM5 was stuck between the old style and a new direction.So this game the dev crushed his soul and just made a ""Heroes of M&M"" game. The result is a souless experience where they check the boxes of a Heroes game but fail to innovate gameplay in any meaningful way because their hearts just aren't in it.Then of course they use the new Ubisoft dragons-as-gods lore that just sucks. Necromancers are evil, they want power, don't care to use your corpse as a new soldier. WTF is this ""Asha uses all"" neutrality♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hell they don't even use the liches in story. Old HoMM liches = magic heroes, vampires = might heroes."
,Recommended,321960,19903359,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jukogenas,"I very much enjoyed this Heroes game (unlike VI, as I'll admit), and can't fully understand why people rate it so badly because of early-stage bugs. With the recent patches, the game has come very far indeed, and I would like to ask those who reviewed it very early to rethink their original opinion.Plus, Academy is back, So that makes it a good game right there."
76561198031149663,Recommended,321960,20210150,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,daniel,"I saw all the bad reviews and thought it would be even worse then HOMM VI but since it was 50% off and on paper 1.6 fixed all big bugs I bought it anyway. I just have to write this review to balance all the bad ones because the game deserves better. Have played all in the HOMM series, my favorite is of course HOMM III.HoMM VII is actually very good and to me the worthy successor of HoMM IV and III. Have now 70+ hours logged and have only experienced one minor bug and that is sharing artifacts between heroes if one hero have more then 2 rows of stuff the artifacts gets mixed up. Apart from that it is great playing the game and I recommend it to all old and new players.What needs work is the editor which is very buggy, at least for me. Constant crashes when trying to create maps makes it very frustrating."
,Recommended,321960,18421711,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ogresav,"Update:I updated to Windows 10, considering that maybe they tested more on a newer OS (I was on 7, still hits minimum reqs), and maybe I was right!The game is running fine for me now, except for one crash and one bug on a map, but this is all before the update that was just released today, 10/14/2015. I've been playing 8 player FFA singleplayer (my favorite way to play Heroes), and I've had a great time.Overall, I think they took great parts of previous releases and put them together in a clean way.Magic: They went back to the style from HoMM3 where you upgrade your mage guild and get a new set of spells. Plus, you can select your desired sphere of magic, and it'll ensure you get at least one spell of that per level. Also, each faction has its own specialization that you will always get, and one that you will never get. For example, Haven always gets one Light spell, and never gets Dark, and on top of this you choose the other type you always want to get. I think this is the best magic system I've seen in HoMM so far, from playing 3, 5, 6, and now 7.Graphics: The graphics are not so much noticeably better than 6, but they are better. In some ways you can really tell, but either way, they're up to date for 2015.Towns: town building feels like HoMM3 and I really enjoy the style of the towns so far. You have a good set of options early on for what you want to build, and there are hard decisions to make, like when you should save up for more expensive buildings, or just buy extra units and go fight battles. For several buildings, you have two options (+X harpies or +X gnolls?), and for your core 7 creature, you have two different versions. This is a really strong aspect of this release. For example, Dungeon has the Cave Hydra or the Shadow Dragon, and each have their own upgraded version. It's a fun feature.Also, the caravans are a great feature, as well as some spells that you may have which allow you to summon units from your town to your hero (a dark spell, maybe some others).Heroes: The heroes level up and have skill points you can drop into different areas, and 3 ""ultimate"" skills, one unique per faction. This has been really fun so far. I've had a Stronghold hero that did massive damage after fully upgrading the special stronghold ""Bloodrage"" skill set, and I've had Dungeon creatures that can walk through enemies, flank them from the rear and attack twice, without retaliation! It sounds unfair, but this is very late game, and it takes a while to build your hero to the level where they can do this. Either way, the game just came out and balancing will take time.Battles: One thing that I think is a huge step ahead: flanking! If you attack from the sides you do extra damage, and from the rear you do a good percent more. Upgrades can make this even more damaging. You will have to think hard about placement so that you can flank someone with the right creature and do massive damage, also possibly having special abilities that are faction specific that work when you flank from the rear.The Bad: As for steps back, inferno isn't here! I'm betting it's coming in DLC, but that was a core faction that we all loved.Overall, I heartily recommend the game as the next in the series, and it looks like it'll be up there with 5 and 3 for me. It was a really sloppy release, but they have probably worked their asses off to get the patch out the door two weeks later. I've been fine in windows 10 so far, but with 7, it wouldn't even run, at least before the patch.Cheers!Previous review: This game crashes a ridiculous amount. I can't run the default 64 bit binary or it'll just crash before even showing the splash screen. If I run the 32 bit one, I can get started to play, but usually it'll just crash before the game loads.I've only managed to get a decent 1v1 game going with an AI, and it crashed when I was winning and attacked their castle. I just tried to do 2v2 hotseat with a friend and 2 AIs, and it crashed before the game loaded. Twice, different maps.I was so excited for this game, but sadly, it's broken. Wait until they actually finish the game before considering purchasing.If they don't fix this, this is the end of the HoMM story for me. I'm certainly not pre-ordering the next one. I thought I'd at least get to play a buggy game, but no, if I'm lucky I get a splash screen."
76561198024760260,Not Recommended,321960,25057457,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,jgeldzah,I have been a fan of the series since the 2nd game in the series and had high hopes for this one.  However that wasn't the case.  Ever since I have updated to Windows 10 it has become completely unplayable.   Even on my windows 7 machine it was crashing pretty consistently.
,Not Recommended,321960,25137944,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BKatt,Ubi bugs... Yet another terribad take on the lovely HOMAM series from years past.
76561198018756376,Recommended,321960,19968565,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,lor0001,"I didn't play this game at release so I get the hate from the customer perspective. Ubi doesn't seem to care about retaining customer trust and is happy to relase a broken product. I AM playing as of patch 1.6 and 20 hours in I have seen only one glitch (visual only in a small block of the map) where my heroes would lag when crossing and leave an odd ghost image behind them.Looking beyond that I love the skill tree. Combat is great, really like the new layout. Generally I'm a huge fan of hex over grid but they've managed to make grid cool. The story is different but I like it. If your goal is to hate any HOMM that isn't HOMM III then I understand the bad reviews...otherwise its actually a very good, very addicting game."
76561197988296358,Recommended,321960,23970109,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kmeljora Sintaro,"I waited long to get the game because of the negative reviews but finally decided to get it anyways because I was tired of replaying HoMM3.1- Yes I got a few crashes here and there but nothing reloading an autosave couldn't fix.2- Yes there are issues with getting HUGE random maps to work in game, they work fine if you choose a smaller map and the only huge map I did get working was too big and too long anyways (48 hours in and we hadn't met any CPUs or each other yet)3- People complain about not having Inferno in the game, make it sound like there's no villain anymore but that's because Inferno were banished according to the story -> There's still random inferno Units here and there.4- Also made it sound like there were only 3 factions left without inferno but there are 6.5- Factions are really well balanced and have interesting differences that make them play differently rather than undead being the only one that plays differently.6- I personally didn't like 5, I found that the map view was clogged with too much obstructions and you have to constantly move the camera to see where you're going; this made games a lot longer than they should be -> HoMM7 manages to make really nice maps while keeping the view unobstructed.7- The random map generator kinda sucks but that's part of being random; you won't see really nice maps if all you play are random ones.8- Another big complaint is the AI, I'll concede, no the AI isn't all that bright but the game is focused more on the classic gameplay of HoMM1, 2 and 3 where the greatest threat for a good part of the game is simply surviving and successfully defeating random mobs to level-up and grow your army... The AI had always been made kinda meh because it allows for assigning the CPU much more powerful heroes and armies right off the bat so they become a mountain you must climb instead of a constant race like any other Strategy game.TL;DROverall I'm actually happy with this game, which is something I haven't said in many years when it comes to UBIsoft... Yes the game needs work, yes there's still a lot of improvements to be done but I feel that in as far as the direction they are taking for game design, it's a step in the right direction."
76561198197823131,Not Recommended,321960,18404374,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,RoroFirework,bad game with lots of bugssss! i can't play now and i'll not play any longer
76561198005102692,Recommended,321960,21288051,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lord Vader,"so i love this franchise of games, i have been playing since HMM2, loved to play 3 with my brother, 4 was a bit of a dissappointment with the hero interaction, 5 was fun! 6 had a ton of potential...and 7.................I am in the minority it seems, but drawing on what the spirit of this game is and what made it and makes it fun for me ( only my perspective) I LOVE THIS GAME. I have in the last 2 weeks bought 3 more copies for my kids and freinds..I hope to see a DLC with dmeons, Elementals and Dwarves! no i am not a troll, i just have really ejoyed this, it even pulls me away from XCOM 2"
76561197972108036,Recommended,321960,21221506,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,浪花掏盡英雄,"I can see why a lot of folks hate this version, and I do have some qalms with those problems as well,  the game moves a little laggy, and some of the art are a bit lazy (stillframe cut scene, meh town icon etc.)But I actually like the overall game quite a bit, it merges a lot of positives from 5 and 6, the story is probably the best one written of the entire series.  the diversity and improvement on the combat system (flanking? FINALLY.)I am really annoyed that ubisoft almost always release their games so buggy and incomplete though . I know modern games are more complex and all but seriously, games use to be released as complete products you know."
76561197976222775,Recommended,321960,20340936,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Freder,Ok I'll start with a warning this game may take a bit of work to get going. However after a few hours of frustration I got mine to work. I'll say this about M.M.H VII it makes me feel like I did picking up the first heroes game the big monsters feel epic and the artifacts mean something again. I only wish this game could be played without Uplay as when that is down you can not play the game (even ofline mode seems to fail sometimes. Great concept great graphics poor execution.
76561198032371647,Not Recommended,321960,18333938,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,killroyjones,"I played HMMVII A good deal yesterday, and I really enjoyed it. Today, the game will not launch. You shouldn't charge people money until your game works correctly. It's been out since Tuesday, so apparently the game was not ready. If you take my money and do not give me a product, it's called stealing."
,Not Recommended,321960,18343878,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,R@Fa3! Taco,"First time i have to use a refund on steam on a game. the game gameplay wise is similar to heroes 5 and 6 but its abit slower , still ejoyable . the problem is all the bugs and crashes that makes the game imposible to keep playing for me. i wouldnt recomend to buy it yet"
,Not Recommended,321960,18362683,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,nigimingi,"1.Full of bugs. Spent 20+hours on campagin encountered various bugs such as infinite movement point, system dening chosen skill point, broken autosaves, and frequent crushing. I couldn't believe they even put it on Steam like this, especially after the beta testing.2.Still DX9. Yes, it's 2015 and it's still offering DX9 graphic. The characters won't even move in the cut scenes.3.There's no improvement in the gaming mechanism. No new concept is introduced.(""This is the original Might&Magic"", they said)Overall Ubisoft didn't devote anything to this game, just like the Uplay platform, this game is a disaster, don't spend your money on this crap.Just don't."
76561198040634075,Not Recommended,321960,23675906,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,karl_B_N,Not done
76561197975598515,Not Recommended,321960,18251539,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Zoppss,"Campaign cutscenes are meant to be a big part of the single player game; the fact that there is nothing but PICTURES with the dialogue, no animation, is a disgrace in a 50e game. The graphics don't even look that good in gameplay or ""cutscenes"". After having read about the multiplayer issues, I'm not even going to try it for now. Quite honestly, my eyes hurt after 40min of gameplay.If you wish to buy the game, do wait a while and see how things develop."
76561198074694679,Not Recommended,321960,20779469,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,spiyatanti,Bought it on 50% discount and it is still a big disappointment :(
76561198056670167,Recommended,321960,18373073,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,badgerpluto,"If you're an old like me who loved the early Heroes games, you'll like HOMM7 a lot more than do younger and more demanding players who care about animated cutscenes and state-of-the-art graphics. I don't. I want a pleasant, interesting , immersive game experience and this one hits that sweet spot.Seventeen hours in and I have yet to have a technical problem of any kind. There are plenty of things that could be more user-friendly and intuitive, but once you get the hang of it, it goes pretty smoothly. They really could/should have done a tutorial or had more and better navigation tips.I recommend using the ALT key (highlights all interactive objects on map) a lot. The game does not to a good job of alerting you to new items that appear. I got completely stuck in one scenario because I hadn't noticed a huge stack of free creatures had appeared along with a portal to the scenario-winning battle.In short, this is a good classic Heroes game that can only get better with a patch or two."
76561198031270419,Not Recommended,321960,18778858,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DrunkenRine,"Whoever is responsible for this ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wish that in this life still, im granted the pleasure to punch them right in the middle of their moronic faces!"
76561198059255660,Not Recommended,321960,18252811,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,☠Zyklon B☠,"This game... How i would but it. first of all i there were some bugs with skills,  i just how is it now curently, i didin't quite get the money worth of gameing that i hoped. but if some updates come along and they refine the multiplayer.----- sorry for sheitty english.<multiplayer dont work at all. seriously and seriously the graphics are like 2010. best release ever."
,Not Recommended,321960,28921362,Posted: 1 January,all,JG,"Dont normally write reviews, but been playing Heroes of Might & Magic franchise since the 1st one.From my perspective that somehow this game has gone backwards.Here is why i rated not recommend- outdated Town Visual, either inside or outside (this was epic back then, when you visit your town with epic background music, I love it. But I think they fail hard on this one)- outdated GUI (I can't believe my eyes by looking at the GUI. doesn't matter where you are, hero screen inside town, main interface. That kind of art and brownish color..aie..even Heroes of Might & Magic 3 feels better than this or Diablo 2)- Personlly I think their visual department fail big time. It will be better if they copy ""guild wars 2 or street fighter 5 that kind of artistic feel with all their GUI. Did i mention that this game's whole interface looks like it's from 1995?"
76561198035436888,Recommended,321960,19983749,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,thegoober86,I like this game.  No bugs encountered and having fun so far.  If you liked any of the other ones you will like this one.
,Not Recommended,321960,18275628,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,MixLex-I sell ESL Series2 Pins,"This Game is fun to play yeah, but there are so many and big negative Points to mention that ruin this game completely ...   :S   :'(- Graphics in cutscenes is just riddiculous- Many Game-Crashes ingame and many fails to launch the game at all ... (+2 Minutes Starting-Time of the Game if it works then)- No Tutorial at all- Buggy Quests, Missing Questhelp/Questmarker in Campagne- Heavy Multiplayer Connection Problems ... Me and my Friend needed to turn off Anti-Vir-programm, windows firewall and the mentionend Ports. then it worked for 1 hour playing then we got disconnected.- We couldnt reopen the match after i got timed out, beacuse it said to me (my friend was hosting like the first time)  ""you don't have the safe game required to join that session""  -> i mean WTF ?! We played it together  ?!!? ... I tried to safe while we were palying, but i couldnt, only the host seems to be able...- No private Online game, we needed to kick random guys joining the whole time.- .....This Game seems to be HMM3 just with better graphics. The Technology behind this game seems to be so outdated, old and useless. Nothing is working really fine, problems everywhere.They should have released this Game 1/2 Year later, when it is finished ...This is just making me sad :(    and i was so hyped for this game -.-"
76561198102658928,Not Recommended,321960,18408666,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,hugeheadfish,"OK.. this is the first game I asked for refund... It's not even as fun as Might & Magic Heros V, and of course not as good as III...."
76561198017669575,Recommended,321960,18285577,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Icerune,"If you can ignore the absolutely appalling cut-scenes, then this is quite possibly one of the best games in the series. Great looking units, strategic combat with meaningful positioning, awesome hero customization and skills, good looking towns...etc. The atmosphere and music are very nice and I find myself truly drawn into the game and excited to explore the vast combination of possibilities with each faction. If you enjoyed Heroes V, get this. It's just as good if not better."
76561198124116448,Not Recommended,321960,23667554,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,haxorvolk,There almost one year after release and there a lot of bugs in multiplayerthe graphics are good but the game play is really awful because of many bugs
76561198067951991,Not Recommended,321960,18272986,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,GreenDemise,"I am utterly appaled! I cant even join any online games, i keep getting unable to connect to server! gg give me my money back please. The only reason i bought this game was to face people online. If I cant do that wtf is the point? Cant you learn from endless legend and have some sort of dedicated server?! like seriously poor!"
76561197988132416,Recommended,321960,20379794,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dark Lord Zul,Since patch 1.6 this game is MUCH improved! Worth a purchase if on saleNo more campaing missions that could not be completed and not experianced a crash sinceTown UI improved and far more consitentThe story is good if you enjoy the lore of the might and magic universe and their other gamesThe game could still do with some polish as the camping cut scenes still lack animations and involve still charaters and voice overs
76561198039284075,Not Recommended,321960,18667636,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Stellyios,I cant even open the game! it crashes every time i try!do not buy another of Shitbisofts unborn fetus games!
76561197960383945,Not Recommended,321960,18333257,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,WhoCares,"Buggy mess, keeps crashing all the ♥♥♥♥ing time"
76561198003316387,Not Recommended,321960,22390615,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,grahamthemyth,seriously its april 2016 and still no fix for loading saved games (crashes on loading) .When i get to play this game i love it but there can be no excuse for how buggy it still is .
,Not Recommended,321960,18292389,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,lorin,The game is just not ready yet. Try again in 6 month or so.
76561198006643816,Recommended,321960,22032115,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,watcherzero,"Really fun game, back to the roots of 3/4 era in gameplay and storytelling.In its initial state the game had major issues, its recieved numerous patches and is now as of 1.7 free of any major game breaking bugs."
76561198022959692,Not Recommended,321960,19757399,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"after playing the game myself i reckon alot of the reviews are right, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ massive disadvantage given to you in the campaigns and single player modes, no difference between easy and hard gameplay and well, in general a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ don't even bother getting it.Edit: slight mixed feels about it now, yea there is a major disadvantage in the game modes (I'd suggest waiting for updates, but here's some good points to the game:Academy is back again! after being heavily mentioned in 6 the creators of the Beastmen and in general great wizards are back.Sylvan Elves are back. some people might have mixed feels about these guys, but you can't have Dark Elves without their goodie goodie former buddies being there too.Necromancy is no longer a healing buff. yup, you read right, Necromancy no longer heals undead in a battle but reanimates dead living creatures again, army of 10k skellies again? yup.All the old favourites from Heroes 3 are back. Troglodytes? yup. Bone Dragons? yup. Dread Knights? kind of. Behemoths? yup."
76561198011131802,Not Recommended,321960,34671083,Posted: 1 September,all,Kailyou,This game is buggy as hell.I cannot play this game with my friends without having bugs so we cannot continue.
76561198052751835,Not Recommended,321960,27980543,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tenricsilverhood,Franchise killer.
76561198031986652,Not Recommended,321960,23885711,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tonkatheturtle,"I have been playing Hero Games since Heroes III, and it has been one of my favorite games. As a turn based strategy game it always felt unique and epic. The formula seemed pretty simple to make a successful Heroes game, cool units simple UI, and a good story. Unfortunately Heroes VII failed on all fronts. I ended up playing this game less hours then I usually would for one game of hotseat with my friends in the earlier versions. Starting with the story, you get to listen to lifeless manniquins talk about things that are happening in the past, it has nothing to do with the trailer at all. Maybe later it does but it was too bad to play it. The UI sucked and a few times I tried to trade items between heroes and the disappeared. Some might like the version of haven being roman-like, however to me that was really weird. They don't seem like romans at all. All in all I am pretty salty about this game."
76561198059486863,Not Recommended,321960,23885670,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,arthasisop,"I have played many hours in Heroes III, V, & VI and enjoyed them all. Then when I started up Heroes VII I was already worried. The opening scene with lifeless, emotionless character models was the first sign of what a failure of a game this turned out to be. The campaign was made up of 6 random dissconnected stories, that I did not care about whatsoever. The combat and gameplay was dull and not up to heroes standards. And the life and soul of the game was dead, therefore I couldn't enjoy this game at all. If you have had a bad experience with this game I insist you try one of the other Heroes games if you haven't already."
,Not Recommended,321960,18568071,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Brut4r,I really hope that this game is funny joke or alpha version from studio of amateur developers and graphics!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,321960,18277066,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BoromiRofGeo,"Let me sum hmm7 for you: 5 min game start time, 5 min save game load time, 15 sec playtime, 5 min AI turn wait time, CRASH, RINSE REPEAT.I was anticipating release of this game for many years. As someone who invested thousands upon thousands of hours into HMM franchise and who spent hundreds upon hundres of dollars, i must say that this game is pure and utter disappointment. And both developer Limbic, and publisher Ubisoft are responsible for this mess.I should have known better after HMM6 fiasco, but i was naive and hopeful... NO MORE.After 20 years with the franchise I will no longer purchase any HMM product unless rights transfer from Ubisoft to someone more competent and interested in the franchise.This is my goodbye."
76561198066734321,Not Recommended,321960,18578906,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Elluvian,"Most suprisingly wonderful one of HOMM series! What fantastic cinematic, graphic, bugs, loading time, AI etc.! Just cant get off it!UBI such a step parent of HOMM!"
,Not Recommended,321960,18263715,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Elyoki,"My initial reaction to the unanimated videos was, ""Hey, it's new.  New games have bugs.""  Even though HOMM6 had better graphics, I would give 7 a chance.  4 hours of gameplay later, and I was not only annoyed with the bugs, but I was bored to tears by the story.  Maybe it's because I was playing the dark elves, but I was not hooked.  6 had a fun Game of Thrones type story where everyone was against the main family, but the main family - seperated- still took control of each faction.  That story was very intriguing.  This one?  ""Let me tell you a story of my people, so we don't seperate our kingdoms.""  It didn't speak to me.  Refund requested."
,Not Recommended,321960,18257837,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Kseron,"One evening:> 3 crashes> Bloodborned loadings> awful map rotation> flash-like drawn castle screens> one soundtrack (battle) directly from DooM III've been a fan of series since HoMM 3. I've been waiting for this game since the announcement date. I've pre-purchased it, I believed in it. And I still try to hope that I was not so wrong.I'll try and look for some perfect balance, maybe they still have it there."
76561198006322200,Recommended,321960,19965165,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Grr Grr,"Hello world. I play Might and Magic from the beginning. So I started with Heroes of  Might and Magic 1 and I have bought and played all the following Heroes of Might and Magic games. All those bad comments make me doubt to buy this game. With patch 1.06 I deceided to buy and I am very very glad that I did that. Heroes VII IS FANTASTIC. I have played the hotseat tilll Heroes III because the next versions were not that fun enough.HEROES VII has given back the fun and the races we all loved to play. This game feels like the old days and all the fun I have had with it. I have played several hot seat games with different races and I have discovered no errors or bugs. What I discovered was a beautiful 3D world with beautiful heroes, monsters and fights.The graphics are very very beautiful also the castles are inside, I really like the level up tech tree. The best and funniest level up tech tree I have ever seen in a Heroes game. This make you want to level up and to get more and more spells and skills. This also is with the artifacts you will find. The music and the sounds are also very beautiful. Also during the fights. This is so much better then in Heroes 6. Also the music in the castles are very nice and beautiful.The controls feels as usual and more of that. The different options you have are very very good. Ai speed, adventure speed, combat speed, camerea scroll speed etc. II really like the option to slide the fight movie cam from 0 till 100. So you can choice how much you want to have a cutscene form your fight. Overall, I am very very pleased that I have bought this game. The game is top and has already gave me al lot of gameplay fun with beautiful graphics, sounds and music"
76561198027981137,Not Recommended,321960,18279291,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,attackbread,"bugs! bugs! bugs! plz fix those bugs! i alway stuck when i take resource. wtf!why u guys sell a full of bugs game! also u guys doing a bata for a long time, whats that bata for? for fun?"
76561198189101426,Not Recommended,321960,24859628,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nelyo,Gave me one of the worst multyplayer experiece i had ever had.Was buggy like 90% of the times and refused to load saved games.i recommend you to NOT BUY this game and save the 30$.as a huge heros fan im disappointed.
76561198080783427,Not Recommended,321960,24859791,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,nura1234,"2/10.EXTREMELY buggy. Horrible multiplayer experience.When i tried adressing the ubisoft support they answered only after a week and their solutions didn't help at all.A game with so many bugs shouldn't have been released, It's unplayable & frustrating.DO NOT buy this game!"
76561198009203964,Not Recommended,321960,20165322,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,mbkline,This game would be fine except there are far too many bugs even after patch 1.6.
,Recommended,321960,19329943,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,MacabreHeart,with pathc 1.5 most of ht egrigious bugs have been ironed out.  If it continues on this upward trajectory it could be the best of the series
76561197972393365,Not Recommended,321960,20482370,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Yoman,"Jan 11 2016 and still buggy, buggy, buggy.  I love this series, but Ubisoft and Limbic bombed badly on this unfinished product and still haven't fixed it.  Shame on them.....Constantly lose hero spells, can't transfer items between heroes, unable for some heroes to use Hero Attack button in combat, and more........"
,Recommended,321960,21064507,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MinPower,"I´m writing this review just to tell you that the game works fine for me.(Just bought the game in the Lunar New Year Sale, latest patch 1.6)The game didn´t start right at the beginning so I had to check and verfiy the game integrity.After that Might and Magic Heroes VII is running fine so far.BTW: Graphic details are set to high; playing in borderless window (1920x1080).My PC-Specs:CPU: Intel i7 2600K @3,4GHzRAM: 8GBWindows 10 (64 bit)Sapphire Radeon HD7850 2GBI have just finished the Haven Campaign and started with the Sylvan.So far the game looks really good and I´m in that ""just another round""-mood.The story is nice, no surprises yet though.There were no gamebreaking bugs, in battles the AI doesn´t act that ""smart"" (like in other stragic games).Gotta play more for a better review =)"
76561198030916207,Not Recommended,321960,18713452,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,dmcf,"I've loved every Heroes of Might and Magic game. except this one. The intro is great, but the game itself is awful. On the one hand the graphics are so hard on my laptop that it takes forever to even load up the main menu. To so much as get one hero to move once takes half a dozen attempts due to some pathfinding problem.On the other the graphics don't even look good. They look like an attempt at a painting by someone who has only ever done technical drawing. When you clicked on a town or city in any other HOMM game you got an impressive, atmospheric feel like you were actually inside a fantastical settlement. The music, the individual buildings, in each different type of settlement added to the atmosphere, which was very different for each faction. Heroes VII could be any other computer game out there. Just a set of flow charts and boxes with some half-hearted graphics added. The campaign map and the battle map heroes and terrain may be 3-D, but they look hollow and empty - and downright weird.It's like whoever made the game had a Heroes of Might and Magic game described to them but had never actually seen one - kind of like a medieval European drawing of an elephant by someone who'd never seen one but only heard one described. I get the feeling the designers were given a contract to make a Might and Magic game and then were whispering to one another ""but what is a Heroes of Might and Magic?"".I thought maybe it was just the campaign that was the problem, so i went back to it and started it up again and tried a scenario. No, it's the entire game. I'd love to be able to love this game. I don't mind changes when they're improvements - despite some people panning Heroes VI i loved it. Yes, having to sign up to uplay to install and play it was a bit annoying at first, but it was still a great game that kept the best of the series and added improvements. And you can actually set Heroes VI and uplay to run in offline mode. But Heroes VII? I can barely even look at the thing.Heroes VII does (eventually, and very slowly) run on my laptop- the patches seem to have sorted a lot of the initial problems - but it's just unbearable to even look at it,"
76561197966826161,Not Recommended,321960,18388272,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,WerteX,♥♥♥♥♥sucks yo
,Not Recommended,321960,21063498,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,OwlTank,"After noticing how unpolished the graphic was (even at highest settings), how cheap the townscreens looked like, and writing down 22 bugs within the first 2 hours of play during the beta, I really doubted this game will be anywhere near what we expected, because the launch date was only 2 weeks away.When it comes to game play, I have to say that it's fairly enjoyable, if you are willing to overlook the awkward vision field during combat, the unpredictable damage model, and numerous small bugs. Story and aethetic wise, I'm afraid that the dev tried too hard to fit things in the ""plotline"", if there was any, to match the game story and the art style with its predecessors; unfortunately I see little connection between 7 and the 2 previous titles, and the game completely lost touch with its former style (just look at the Necropolis town in this game).I was glad to see the dev team had an interactive design process with the fans, however I fear that they merely heard the feedback, but did not listen. I waited for many patches, and only bought it when on sale, yet I was disappointed. Many players complained about how bad HOMM 4 was, but IMHO HOMM 7 would be the lowest HOMM series has reached so far."
76561198038121242,Not Recommended,321960,18970664,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,phyk_xun,"Have to say, for what it cost, kind of a let down.  The old Might and Magics (from what i remember) you got to keep your hero and build.  This constantly changing your hero and taking your stuff from you crap is kind of a 'gimme my friggin money back' game changer.  You took away one of the basic kick♥♥♥♥♥features of M and M with that crap.  I was looking for adventuring and building with a toon that i got to customize.  What was given was a new face and stolen gear every map.  If you're looking for classic Might and Magic game play, this is not what you were looking for. Total thumbs down, wishing I'd bought the new Fallout or something instead now."
,Not Recommended,321960,18363257,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dico,"Unfortunately, the game is still full of bugs and sports a very poor framerate (even on a high end PC)."
76561198110676542,Not Recommended,321960,18474074,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,HGriffe,"A lack of inspiration, Art direction at his lowest, bugs, gameplay very simplified, animations are not an option (in cutscene and in battle). Oh, and the city screens are the ugliest I've ever seen, looks like an intern's concept art base. Very disapointing, this game's too expensive for what it is. Ubisoft definetly ruin the saga. Miss you, Heroes III. May you rest in peace."
,Not Recommended,321960,18292950,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Talisman,"TL,DR: I like this game a lot, but it is very buggy. Many users have reported issues with crashing (I have not experienced any crashes), multiplayer does not work (desynchs), and most importantly (in my opinion) units do not behave correctly on the tactical map. This is pretty standard stuff for a Ubisoft game, so unless you are a big Heroes of Might and Magic fan, like me, then you should hold off on buying the game.------Honestly, I'm surprised with how much I'm enjoying the game. I've sunk a ridiculous amount of time into every heroes entry since 3 (yes, even 6--I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, I played it for over 250 hours). Fortunately, they have outright removed all of the awfulness from 6.Hero leveling is fairly interesting. The schools of magic seem reasonably distinct and useful. I have an inkling that Prime might be a bit OP (seriously, the perk for teleport, +50 initiative, is very, very powerful, and time control, for its cost, is super useful).UPDATE:Light magic is also overpowerd. Dear God retribution is absurd. If ALL of the schools are overpowerd, then I'm totally behind that design... but I feel like fire, water, and earth are probably lagging behind. We'll see.They have massively reduced the ease of resurrecting units, to the point where you have to specialize pretty hard to be able to do it, which I think is appropriate.There seems to be a good number of items. Not like heroes III, but respectable. Set bonuses can be very nice, and on larger maps where you get more items, mixing and matches these bonuses is good fun.Factions are nice and distinct. Each has its own style of play, and they seem to be balanced by each being unbalanced, which I prefer.Creatures are, for the most part, pretty good. There are some that I dislike for various reasons, such as pixies and dryads being way too similar in appearance, and others which seem either under-powered, or too difficult to reach critical mass (as in, they keep dying off in combats because the AI will prioritize targeting them). Some examples of these include blade-dancers (very low HP for an elite unit, melee, low growth, expensive creature building), vampires (melee, low growth, bugged--will come to that in a bit), lamasus, etc. I think a balance pass will fix most of these issues.Town development is interesting and full of meaningful choices. Do you squeeze out a creature building before the end of the week, or are you fiscally responsible and prioritize getting your town hall up ASAP? It takes a lot of time and adventuring to obtain the resources to max out your town, especially since you'll also be recruiting creatures and a hero or two.Walls now come with a garrison, which can't be removed, and defend towns from those pesky 1 creature hero armies. Forts, and gates also come with garrisons, which fill over time for free, allowing some meaningful zones of control.Caravans are back! In IV, you could order a caravan, and it would magically appear after a set period of time. In VII, caravans are an actual unit on the map, with a high move speed, that can be interacted with by your heroes and by the enemy, so they can be somewhat risky if your territories aren't secured.Finally, let's go ahead and mention that this game is buggy as all hell. I personally have not experienced any crashes, freezes, or issues with the SP campaign. I HAVE, however, noticed a lot of incorrect unit behavior in battles. Do not take any perks relating to your warfare units right now, because they are very glitchy, and perks seem to make it worse. I've noticed gnoll hunters don't always do what they're supposed to, the treant's abilities don't seem to work at all, and effects that trigger on damage/unit kills will not trigger on the battle-ending attack (so vampires don't lifesteal if they end the battle by killing something, and Djinn won't provide mana to your hero). Units sometimes also get really excited and decide to ignore their move speed, allowing them to cover the entire tactical map. Similarly, heroes will sometimes get a second wind on the campaign map for no discernible reason. Also, the AI is just terrible, both tactically and strategically.So why the hell am I enjoying this game? Because it's a ♥♥♥♥ing Heroes of Might and Magic game, and it's got a lot of potential, and it's actually a well designed game. Also the music is quite nice."
76561198024689527,Not Recommended,321960,18325901,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mister.Brain,"I like this game and wanted to reccomend it but I can't since there are bugs that prevent you from finishing missions.That's a no-go and extremely frustrating. You're left wondering 'Did I miss something here? What else can I do on this map? Might this be a bug?', run around for half an hour on a map where you've defeated and collected almost everything you can reach. Then you can start loading previous savegames, to see if you do it a bit differently maybe the quest may be completed the way you would expect it to (which in the end it was in my case, still it was frustrating).So from my perspective, only if you love this series enough so that this sounds like something you're willing to deal with you should buy this, otherwise I would reccomend to hold off on a purchase."
76561197987036512,Not Recommended,321960,31685322,Posted: 11 May,all,Zlorfik [CH],"First of all I need to tell you that I own HoMM 5, 6 and 7. Also, my personal favourite is 6. Now with that out of the way, let's get to the game itself.When I first heard of HoMM 7 I was super excited. I followed the website and every piece of news they provided. The artwork for the units is amazing. So I pre-ordered the game and was allowed to beta-test it. I launched it, got to the menu and was disappointed. The menu looked like drawn by a 10 year old. I thought, fine, it's a beta. But the menu didn't change a bit. It looks as if it was from a game from 10 years ago. Also, the entire game looks like strechted to a too high resolution. It appears pixel-ish. It might be a choice of design but after a well polished game like HoMM 6 I just think that can't be.Gameplay wise I find the added choices of more buildings and resources welcoming. They went back to the old HoMM 5 gameplay with that and a lot of other things. So also for the dreaded skill wheel and spell learning mechanics. While the skill wheel can be set to self chosen, the spells you get from building magic towers are purely random. That's why I can't call HoMM 5 and 7 a strategy game. They are random. Random is not plannable.Also, they removed my favourite faction again - the Sanctuary. I know a lot of people didn't like HoMM 6 because the game mechanics differ greatly from the previous series. I pity that because now you see the result: the ""same old♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; with barely to nothing new. HoMM 6 was a great attempt of redesigning the genre. But it seems people like to play the same game over and over and don't care what edition HoMM it is.If you are a player like me who likes new game mechanics now and then, don't buy the game. If you liked HoMM 5 you should go for it because it's basically the same game (even though the art in 5 was better imho)"
76561198072162618,Not Recommended,321960,18318676,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jjbnumber1,The game is just bad. I love the heroes of might and magic!!!! this game though is complete garbage graphics are poor loading is poor ui is poor buggy as hell looks like a cash grab way to trash the series ubsoft. dont buy this game im getting a refund.
76561198020546308,Not Recommended,321960,18293789,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dr_DrunKK,No improvements since Heroes 3. Heroes 3 is and will be the best title.
,Not Recommended,321960,18259869,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Maksim,"The game is pretty raw now :( but it's not bad.4 gb memory was allocated just after loading main menu... What the f*ck was loaded in this main menu!?I'm sorry it's 3/10Worst realisation of heroes.Game is in late beta stage, much worse than batman pc version."
,Not Recommended,321960,18281030,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Onori,"Couldn't launch the game properly at first, because it kept crashing. Managed to get the game running, was going to start playing, it crashes. Back to square one, lots of crashes then it starts, going to start playing and it crashes again.Refunded it, unplayable."
76561198005215786,Not Recommended,321960,18262840,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,WollieG,"Do i recommend this game...NO...I am angry at myself for buying this game on pre-order and this will also be the last time i buy a Heroes game before actually trying the game on a torrent site first. This game is soooooooo scaled down version of previous Heroes game. This game feels rushed and incomplete.Where do i start:1. The intro is not even properly done, its like pictures and you hear voices, no movements, no mouths that move when speaking, if you compare this to Heroes VI, i mean really, how could they drop the standards so much, they just wanted to rake in the money and not really put in much of an effort making this game.2. Lots of things missing in the game and in game buttons, menu etc that was in previous game.3. Graphics looks crap and i still say Heroes VI was better, even the combat looked better in Heroes VI, again scaled down quick buck rushed version this new Heroes VII.4. Things i miss in combat (i cannot find this and might have missed it), this is small example but it made Heroes VI so much better than this game, example: When troops died in combat, you could check the stack and see how many died so that if you want to use resurrect spell you could check which stack of troops would benefit it the most if you lost troops from more than one stack, this is COMPLETELY GONE, no way to check what stack qty was so no idea which stack lost troops unless you keep track of this in your brain. WHY WHY remove that. It was very helpfull info during combat.5. City view looks crap, like animation type picture, not even close to how nice Heroes VI was.6. City building: A real stupid building tree and if you build one choice you cannot build the other choice. Confusing as well.7. Spells, no proper tree to know what field of magic you want to go into, no way to check spells etc, so you have to choose blind between Air, Fire, Water etc. magic schools and not really know what spells you could cast. Also the spells are very limited.8. Again info and tool tips not informative enough or non existant.9. Skirmish maps, i saw like 8 maps, WOW i can really enjoy myself a lot (this is sarcasm). Then there is scenario maps but you limited in choice because of being a scenario, like who you play as, victory conditions etc.10. Game rushes you once again, this has been a problem with all Heroes games and i really thought that they would listen to their clients because there has been loads complaining about this since game 1. You still have to rush and get everything as fast as possible, you also have to attack AI so quickly otherwise he will have 3 times more troops than you.Example: Played 2 player skirmish, found AI Hero, had 3, 1 had the most of his troops, destroyed all 3 heroes, checked his only city, had like 40 troops between 4 stacks in defence, left AI to get the other goodies i had to leave because YOUR ALWAYS RUSHED IN THIS GAME, like 20 turns later, AI comes with his hero again, guess what, almost double the troops i have...NOW WHERE DID ALL THOSE TROOPS COME FROM, i destroyed everything, so even with my 20 turns later of adding more troops to my existing troops, the AI has more troops than me out of the BLUE!!???? So the cheating still in game, even on Easy difficulty.11. This game feels like it was made with someone sitting in his garage and making his first game. This from people who brought out 6 titles before this crap game. This was rushed and NOT complete and then still want to sell it at such a HIGH price. Not worth the $50 or $60 (deluxe) price for this game. Should have been around $20-$30 price tag.Stay away from this game because you will REGRET buying this SCALED DOWN QUICK BUCK RUSHED EXCUSE ME of a  version of this new Heroes VII. DO NOT BUY THIS."
76561198000457916,Recommended,321960,19159601,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Chazztizer,I hate that so many people have problems with this game. I have had only minor issues and with the patches most of them are corrected. I have over 100 hours playing hotseat and campaigns and patch 1.5 is close. I love the work this dev team has into fixing the problems that some people have. I think this will be my fav Heroes since 3 or 5.....
76561197965893591,Not Recommended,321960,18324491,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Valandryl,"Edit : this review has been updated 1 year after the release.Basic gameplay is still good, but the game is still unfinished and far from it. The random map generator sucks, it creates pretty uninteresting maps. Many sync issues here. Some spells are broken (firewall). Etc.And so ? What did Ubi do ? They just stopped their contract with Limbic, therefore... no more update. Yeah, the game needs a lot of polish and balancing, and they did declare that they're definitely stopping the support for this game.So, seriously, unless you're a HoMM maniac and need your new HoMM dose, you can safely avoid this HoMM 7 which could have been the second best in the series, but will remain a failure."
76561198007494456,Recommended,321960,22170390,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ironclad,I like HOMM VII so far. The game is much better than I thought it would be from all the bad reviews. And I haven’t had any major bugs.  Already I am enjoying it more than HOMM VI and I also got it for 50% off. Happy
76561198009953573,Recommended,321960,24925177,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Gonest,"After looking through so many reviews and noticing that there is a lot of happy and unhappy people I really debated on whether I really wanted to buy this game. I have played roughly about 20+ hours thus far. I have noticed that there are still a few bugs, but they all have been rather negligible. Now onto the actual gameplay, if you have ever played any of the earlier versions of Heroes then you'll have to readjust from the past few releases of Heroes. This one is an attempt to return to the idea that you have to out wit or focus on the objective of the scenario. Otherwise it will be rather hard to get started on trying to get a large army up and steam roll your computer opponent. I say this because most of the CPU heroes are OP to start of each scenario. Meaning that they can easily wipe your entire army out in a matter of a few short turns. Now there is a draw back on the how the CPU player was set up and that is the computer does not  really do much once you defeat the first few OP oppenents because it builds in its town, but alas it does not ever seem to do much with actually buying a building an army afterwards.Overall the game is a huge resource hog just as Heroes VI was so I would be wary if you don't have a decent computer to handle the game. Also it is challenging at first and can come with a bit of trial and error (aka aggrivation for some), but once you figure out what to do you can easily overpower the computer and walk around as the army of annihilation over an ignorant CPU player. This is not a game meant for everyone so be warned."
76561198274551948,Not Recommended,321960,22073397,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,scott,"I love heroes 5 and while its not as good, I still really enjoy heroes 6. Heroes 7, however was tragic.I'm not sure how they made the graphics worse from 6 to this but they are horrible. The game play is also laggy and was unplayable even though my computer has te specs to run it. Also I have no idea what they were thinking on the cut scenes as they are horrible. I didn't make it very far into the campaign but the telling a story premis is weird and I was not a fan.I seems like they released an unfinished game."
76561198007510663,Recommended,321960,20033415,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Gunter,"Bought this game during the sale despite all the people saying how bad it is. I know it's been broken as balls before, but since 1.6 it's very playable. I'm not defending Ubisoft in anyway, the game was obviously broken before. The disconnects during multiplayer sessions are annoying as hell. However, that's the only bug I've envountered so far. The gameplay is great and I'm having tons of fun playing with friends (when the multiplayer is working) and with the campaign.I'm no hardcore Homm player, but I did play homm3 alot back in the day, and while nothing will ever live up to that, I think this is a great game, and if Ubisoft keeps working on it, it'll be amazing."
76561198004487505,Not Recommended,321960,21509887,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,throatPUNCHR,Multiplayer does not even work stick with previous HOM versions..Let me say this again.. MULTIPLAYER DOES NOT EVEN WORKThe developers have obviously completely given up on HOM fans and are just tryna suck the fans dry of the last bits of loyalty remaining... i will not be buying another game from any of these devs for a very long time.
76561198039760013,Recommended,321960,20180461,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,guylfe,"Launch bugs aside, this game extrapolates what made Heroes III great, puts it in a modern setting and makes changes that mostly help the game:-the optional skill wheel for planning ahead-the faction-specific ability to make every faction play completely differently,-the choice between champion units to make the same faction play differently between different players-the 5 creature levels I think is an ideal number (each faction has a strong core and elite unit that is essentially its own level, so you have 2 core, 1 core+, 2 elite, 1 elite+ and 1 champion for a total of 5 levels) as the 3 levels of heroes VI were too little variety, but the 7 levels of Heroes III made the move from 1 level to another feel almost nonexistent, with level 3 often being better than level 4 (Rampart, Castle, Inferno) and level 5 better than 6 (Stronghold, Fortress, arguably Dungeon)- the town building options are very varied between factions, as opposed to the carbon copy it was until now with 1 or 2 special buildings but otherwise extremely similar. Now depending on your faction different structures lead to different things and there are a bunch of special structures per faction with choice structures as well.As of right now this is my favorite Heroes title, with 1 main shortcoming - there needs to be a Random Map Generator for more replayability, but I'm guessing that's in the works anyway."
,Recommended,321960,19382565,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bat Eyes,I do not understand what the critics complain about.  Perhaps its the patches that has fixed it.Unless youre a purist of III you should have a good time in VII. Its pretty much like 6.
76561198095453211,Not Recommended,321960,23931841,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Guerra,"don't buy it. HoMM V is alot better even though its 8 years older, which says alot. I refunded it the same day it was released."
76561197970012339,Recommended,321960,21420139,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TROVAO CHAPADO,"Bought the game about a week or two ago. Nice graphs lots to be explored. Have not really experienced any of the problems people have described, since I bought the game recently, apparently after the patches have solved the initial problems. As a old timer Heroes fan, I recommend."
,Not Recommended,321960,20317971,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,stoked112,"I may be a bit late on this, but after spending top dollar on this when it came out. I would greatly advise anyone who was thinking of purchasing this game (even after reading all the unfavourable reviews) DONT.. Even after a few patches and whatnot the game still has far too many bugs glitches etc.. Not to mention the fact that being a ubisoft game it is locked to the one account who purchased it, so family share is out of the question and no foreseeable way around itIf you're a big fan of the HOMM series i would suggest holding off until this is a bargain basement item or even on the free to play list"
76561198018015877,Recommended,321960,18931656,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Jstew,"Patch 1.4 is a HUGE improvement to the graphics  and stability!  This is now a really fun game, doesn't deserve all the bad reviews. [Seehttps://mmh7.ubi.com/en/blog/post/view/the-road-aheadfor plans for future patches]"
76561198075158607,Recommended,321960,20834747,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,andrioar,Game is fixed!
,Not Recommended,321960,18698535,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,psicamaleon,Unable to finish 3th turn in multiplayer due to bugs...
76561198118795639,Recommended,321960,20738235,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ElderThane,"So far I really like the direction this game design is going. I feel they really made some good choices with a 3 style combat/hero system combined with caravans. The only reason this game is not doing well seems to be failures on the technical side which is a shame... The tech side is suppose to be the easy part. I really think they over did the graphics for a turn based game. Just make them crisp and fast. Would like a new caravan graphic that actually looks like a caravan and not just a hero's horse. The ledges don't have to be so steep with such crazy camera angles. Also story line seems to be lacking originality, everytime I read a different factions storyline I'm reminded of some mainstream movie or book series from the last 20 years. Still think the creatures and towns in 3 are cooler; really not a fan of the sylvan theme. They should think about marketing this series towards tablets. I can't think of any reason why this wouldn't make a great tablet game if done correctly. Plus the graphics level and player expectations would be more on point for the series.+ Hero's act seperate from creature stacks as in H3.+ Siege and other support devices like in H3 but more unique; better than H3.+ Castles have towers and more; better than H3.+ Creatures need hero to travel but hero no longer needs at least 1 creature; better than H3.+ Graphics are the best of any Heros.+ Long campain with depth.+ Retained Hotseat.+ Caravans and Forts included.- Graphics, battle scense, and inventory are glitchy.- Caravans look like a horse; could be more unique.- Campain characters faces don't move when talking (little creepy).- Story is not original.- Faction names and creature choices are a little lame. Factions not as cool as Hero's 3 or even 2 for that matter.I'm still feeling out the talents and magic tree. Verdicts still out."
76561198080662114,Not Recommended,321960,18294194,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,bloodwrath23,6/10pretty decent game given ALL the apparent bugs and glitches... once they improve on all these i feel like the rating for this game will skyrocket. though i will have to say its really disappointing to see no actual cinema when we are in a generation where its really simple to achieve.will recommend once developers take care of bugs and glitches. most noticably the ones that just kick you out of the game at random... (had same experience with heroes 6) :(buy at your own risk or wait till they fix it
,Not Recommended,321960,18295093,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,El-Trev,"Shows promise but so many things they could of done better, like the artsy capaign where the 3D models are motionless would of been better off AS art work or animated, animations gone wrong such as a troglodyte clipping through the floor before it emerges a arrow flying off a archer as it reloads, the use of previous models from heroes VI a bit lazy if you ask me and how can I forget my BIGGEST pet peeve the simplification of things such as the ability wheel and the unit abilities which changed the way you played a match.Graphics are good in my eyes similar to the previous games graphics which in my mind was good but all in all coupled with the long loading times (my computer can easily handle this game) crashes, it feels like Ubisoft released the game to cash in on the hype without doing a proper job of finishing the game.my verdict 6/10It has potential and I hope they realise this.Oh and please if anyone reads this DON'T over obsess and hype over a game it's making games companies lazy and delivering sloppy products please PLEASE make them work for our money."
76561198021921384,Not Recommended,321960,18363930,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,alligator99206,Too many bugs. I really like VI and I guess I was hoping for at least that. Will there be a patch soon?
,Not Recommended,321960,18294146,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Genicon,"This is a horrible game, it's a real shame for the franchise. Bad graphics, no tutorial whatsoever so you have no idea what you have to do in the game, poor everything. Would not recommend to fans of the series."
,Not Recommended,321960,18290552,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Morvian,"Sofar, even with a high end system, the AI in single player games takes so long to complete turns its ricidulous. once they fix this and the numerous other bugs reported sofar, i might actually play it.Too late for refund else i would have. For the first time ever."
76561198009789591,Not Recommended,321960,18287417,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gasdrubal,"I was very disappointed with the game. Graphic basically left on VI version, almost zero change, plot and game scenario are very poor, video is static, not moving people with open months which suppose to illustrate talking individuals are like 20 years ago"
,Recommended,321960,18352853,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Xentric,"Generally a fan of this series, but this game should never have been released. Very dissapointed.The game crashes too often. The animated cut-scenes do not work and did i mention all the annoying crashes?It will probably be patched up so it works as intended soon, but until then i cant recommend it!Edit: Recently tried playing again and could not detect any issues. Great game! Great addition to the series."
,Not Recommended,321960,20228547,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,OldSchoolC,"EDIT: December 22nd 2016Game is no longer supported and the Trial by Fire add on still cost way too much for what it is. You can however buy the Complete Edition, including Trial by Fire, for $20.39cdn in the winter sale. But for existing owners of MMH7, the expansion is $19.99cdn, way too much for a still buggy and now unsupported game. This game got the short end of the stick just like MMH6 did. I hope Ubisoft never releases another and sells this property.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I can recommend this game, finally, but it is still far from great. The state it is in as of January 1st, 2016 is good enough to be a versin 1.0, but still has quite a few minor bugs sprinkled through the game and still crashes my nvidia drivers about once every 2 hours.  If Ubisoft keeps patching it should be alright soon. Why Ubisoft didn't learn from the errors of Heroes 6 better is beyond me.That said, if you can get it on sale, I reccommend it. (and if anyone from Ubisoft is reading this... Please! Sell the rights to this franchise to someone who will put more effort into it in the future!)"
76561198130664911,Recommended,321960,35406844,Posted: 1 October,all,colapirat,"I usually am hesistant to write reviews but I wanted to spread some love for this game - I've been playing it for hours and still can't get enough of the Heroes-vibes it gives to me as a long year fan of the series.There's been a lot said about this game and yes, there still are some bugs and some strange AI behaviour that can be annoying sometimes but I really enjoyed digging deep into all the factions' skill sets and specialities. In my opinion Might and Magic Heroes VII takes the best mechanics of the heroes games such as skill trees, artifact sets, building decisions, tactic phase at the beginning of combat and more.I really like that the quick combat that can be played manually if the player is dissatisfied with the result and the magic skills and different factions seem very balanced to me.I have some issues with the creature design - the creatures look amazing but to me they lacked some love in terms of sound design and abilities. You have to focus more on skilling your hero to come up with interesting strategies since the creatures are mostly just for the purpose of hitting and shooting, no specials.The music is gorgeous - you just never get sick of it even after hours of playing, it's enchanting and catchy and makes you enjoy staying in town a little longer, even the enemy's turn is fun when you listen to the music.  The soundscapes are beautiful and the interface sounds are great.In total I really recommend the game to all people - be it fans of the Might and Magic series or not - it's a good addition to the series and a lot of fun!"
76561198009583497,Not Recommended,321960,24782579,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,mastercaster,"So Ive been playing for a while, just bought it recently and here's what I have to say. After all the time they had to bugfix there are still minor bugs, you can get around with saving often enough (autosaves anyway), but it's annoying.To the campaign: I really really enjoyed the first of the additional tales (the academy one), to the official ones.. i personally don't like them, but that's matter of personal taste I guess. What really makes me not wanna give a positive review is the completely unbalanced factions. Academy with meta magic is absolutely overpowered, while all the others are okay I guess, but magic > might by like 9000%. For me it was worth 20 bucks on the sale, but for a game that was expected to be really good, for me it isn't. It's playworthy, but not for that long cause of the unbalanced magic. For me."
76561198032487009,Not Recommended,321960,24840678,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ofaisalo,well this is my second review for this gamestill negative btw----the thing is when you fight by your troopsif you have chapmion unitsyou dont feel heir presence at alltheir animations its very badjust give them some showlet me feel their presenceits like having basic units with high dmg---I used to play HOMM V and when i play with angel or dragonsyou can feel the poweryes i have dragons--but here nah cant help---I know my english is badbut I hope you get what i mean-----------is this enough reason to judge the gamemy answer is yes--------and this is for the developers you did much better job in your online free gamehttp://clb.heroes-online.com/
,Not Recommended,321960,23896179,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,YSYA,"Not too bad in a nutshell... but there are some BUGs which could be annoying. Quick combat could save plenty of time, however, it just ruined the spirit of this game franchise. I like those artworks, though."
76561198124382773,Not Recommended,321960,22104257,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,glenger,"So far I haven't seen any critical bugs, like unable to load, or game crashes.  However I have seen several small ones, like direwolf attacking centaur getting locked in loop of retaliations.  There's a lot of polish that can, and for the price should be done.  Shame.But I cannot recommend this game due to UPlay messing up family sharing."
76561198060433751,Recommended,321960,22104096,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,xeen313,Game has been great but seems to not work anymore! Please help!
76561198005236567,Recommended,321960,21336487,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,dwest2127,"After reading most people's reviews and concerns, I waited a few months before purchasing this game.  I have now played thru 2 of the campaign faction scenario's and I must say, I am impressed. All of the glitches, bugs that people have mentioned have been fixed and the game runs very smoothly.  The graphics are gorgeous as well as the animations and story. I've played HoMM 4,5, and 6 prior, and I really really like the effort the developer has made for 7.  I only miss the ability to change a captured city's faction to match your own, but that was done deliberately.Honestly, this game is now worth it... its a great game and worth addition to the HoMM series.  If you have been holding off. but love the series, now is the time to buy it and enjoy it, frustration free."
76561198020780500,Recommended,321960,21359484,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Desias,"Overall this is a good game.  The lack of cutscene animation was frustrating, but I got used to it quickly and it is the only downside to this game.   They made several improvements to the game since 6 including the UI, graphics and the city building.  You have a few more choices in city management, you can assign ""governors"" to the cities that have unique benifits and there are a few new units in the game.  I recommend it."
76561198022173314,Not Recommended,321960,29067330,Posted: 6 January,all,Draconicus,"What can i say... A epic fail...again!Pls devs go play 3DO's HoMM3 and try to understend what's wrong with the last two games!Why changing  a wining formula?! All that ""Inovation"" crazyness  and fanaticism it's killing games this days, it's kinda like a virus ifecting all videogame makers!A interesting game but...and as a big but... if it was not named  Heroes of Might and MagicVII for sure!!RIP HoMM saga!"
76561198075039896,Not Recommended,321960,25869651,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Messenger of Truth,"First time player.  First map or two, it was OK (playing Haven campaign).   Then it came to this big stone giant.  I spent a ton of time trying ot build an army only for it to be wiped out (I musted restertedthe map 3 times), only to barely beat that map with the giant my 3rd try.  And then the next map, the same guy I killed was STILL ALIVE!!  Worst, before I could even build defense and an army, 2 enemy heroes started to troll the map, wiping me out.  THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN STUPID DEVELOPERS DON'T PLAY THEIR OWN GAMES, HAVE SOMEONE OVER THEIR SHOULDER TELLING THEM WHAT EVERYTHING DOES, AND BETA TESTING WITH LONG TERM FANS WHO ARE ALREADY EXPERTS!If you are new, don't get it.  It seemed fun, but the difficulty and lack of option to change difficulty make it UNPLAYABLE in later maps of campaing.Got my $$$ once - never again.I should have payed attentio to the more than 40% of negative reviews.  I saw it, but figured folk were just hating or something.  Really, it looks good and is fun (for new players, not for veterans), but its diffiiculty make it a waste of time and money.  Don't get it.  You'd be better off playing Spellforce 2 or something."
76561198257388173,Recommended,321960,21043307,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dimebag_fan,What a great game!! I've been a big fan of the franchise since the first one was released. I would rate this one up there with Heroes 3 & 5. I would love to see a couple of expansions with the addition of some new factions. This game is way better than the reviews show.The new patches seemed to work. I'm using an AMD a10 5700 processor at 3.4ghz and an r9 280 video card and I have 14 hours in this game and with all the settings maxed I haven't had any issues with it.
76561198006730573,Not Recommended,321960,19975103,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bufti,"Long story short: Even at 50% off this game was not worth the money. You are buying a broken product that even 3 months after release contains game breaking bugs (v1.6).Note: This review addresses only the campaign aspects of the game. I have not touched multiplayer.The Good:-The bare bones HOMM series mechanics are there and, for the most part, work.-The addition of flanking is an interesting change.-Fortifications are a nice idea.-The AI is very fast and the game responds well to input.The Meh:-Graphics are decent but not a visible improvement over the previous instalment.-The fact that they reused a lot of the HOMM6 textures is a bit off-putting.-The slide show ""cutscenes"" feel cheap.-The dialogue is bland and cringeworthy but this has been the case with HOMM since HOMM4.-The spell book looks very cheap but the spell animations look decent.-Hero customization and itemization feels inferior to previous instalments. The items and skills feel like they don't have as much impact as in previous games.-Castle screens are still a mess. Not as bad as the Lego pieces in HOMM6 but nowhere near the beauty of HOMM5 animation.-The tooltips and GUI feel very cheap and intrusive.Most of these are minor complaints, but it's exactly because they are so minor and easily rectifiable that they are so frustrating for me. It feels like the devs are investing the bare minimum of effort to check off different features which in previous games added a lot of value.The Bad:Most egregious: the game crashes during Necropolis mission 4 (after the second dialogue with Zenda). I can't even finish the second campaign. It's possible that this is an issue with my configuration (Radeon R9 290 GPU + i5 3570K CPU; Win7 64bit) however, it's the first time I've encountered something like this in what I thought was supposed to be an AAA release.After completing the Haven campaign + the first 3 missions of Necropolis here's what I can tell you about the actual gameplay problems:Several in-game bugs:-Moving artifacts around sometimes causes them to disappear or behave erratically.-Several creature abilities do not work properly (Marksman's ""Piercing Shot"" doesn't actually affect the tiles it's showing).-Some campaign mission events aren't very well scripted. For example: you can ""break"" the scripted Necropolis Mission 3 ending by recalling to one of your castles.The AI is borderline ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a lot of aspects. In most previous HOMM games, even on normal, the AI knows not to move their melee units into the player’s melee unit range during the first turn. In this one, they just mindlessly rush you, always moving as close to you as possible. In previous installments the AI knew not to suicide their heroes into fights they have 0% chance of winning (I've had the AI run heroes with a few core creatures into my fortified castle with 5 champions + several Elites).Conclusion: even if you ignore the game breaking bugs you are still buying a mediocre product. If you take into account the blatantly broken aspects of the game this is a downright terrible investment. First HOMM purchase I genuinely regret, even with the winter sale discount. This will be the last game in the series that I purchase."
,Not Recommended,321960,18315054,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Treefart,"Uplay crashes the game every time I start it up so I needed a creative workaround to get it to even work.  I think this is the last title from Ubisoft I pick up at full price.  As for the game itself it's more of the same and I'm fine with that, the UI does seem to have been downgraded and it's missing some of the polish from the previous titles.  Don't pick it up unless it's marked 75% off even if your a fan of the series."
76561197969449223,Recommended,321960,19407983,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dogen,"There are definitely still some bugs and my 980ti is running way hotter than it should be for a game like this. But it's a wonderfully put together game for fans of the series.I've had a few issues with losing spells and confusing/bugged quests, but the game has only flat out crashed once in 30 hours of play. Once they release a couple more patches it should be a solid game.If you're a fan of the series you should pick it up. And if you're put off by the negative reviews then wait for the game to stabilize and pick it up on sale.Definitely recommended. The best in the series in a long time."
76561197997725660,Not Recommended,321960,18313879,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Shadowhunter,"Tried to play it, started out with the academy campaign, after completing the first quest to kill the 3 ork armies the campaign is stuck. I should talk to Qasim, but there is no Qasim on the map.Right now this game is a waste of money, keep playing M&M:Heroes 6 until this game gets enough updates.I played alpha games that were better developed than this one."
76561198047616056,Not Recommended,321960,18330254,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,音 Talu 音,"Not worth a full retail price at the moment. Crashes constantly, feels like a downgrade from VI. Still picture cutscenes with voice overs. Hardly any animations in the game at all. Feels like an indie game on a budget... Ubisoft should just sell the game series off to another company that can make better quality than this crap. Feels too damn rushed, a quick cashgrab.Avoid it for now until the game goes on sale and patches are made.Very dissapointed... The quality of the game is really bad, even IV had better quality, more animations and was more immersive than this...Most of the sounds feels like they are missing, compared to the older games were you had sound for all those things in the world you could pickup.Ubisoft have butchered this game series, unless they sell the franschise to another company, this series is most likely doomed."
76561198046918370,Not Recommended,321960,18330422,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,solairios,Lets start with the game has no tutorial. It just expects you to know how to play or where to start. The campaigns are even worse. They put you in the middle of what looks like a town but give you no clues on what to do. This game is frustrating as hell. Just clicking on everything to see what it does and does not do. Took me an hour to figure out that the number under the creature was how many in that unit are still alive.
76561198007216164,Not Recommended,321960,18272818,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,mith,"I'm a big fan of the HoMM series (I have 577 hours logged on VI), so I am quiet sad I can't recommend this game.Others have already pointed out the instability (black screen crashes where you can't even open task manager to close the game) and the horrible ""cinematics"" (that manage to be choppy despite being simply moving cameras through bad unanimated 3D scenes), so I will contend myself with pointing out the attrocious design of some of the levels. After all, cinematics can be ignored and crashes can be fixed, but levels really affect the fun you can have.I started with the wizard campaign, the first level of which is possibly the worst designed level I've encountered in games.You start with two heroes who at some point get separated. Nothing you do before they get separated really matters, because your troop counts get reset to the value the designers think you should have at this point anyway (I hadn't lost a single creature, but after the separation some were missing). While separated, there's a couple of gates that one hero can only open after the other hero unlocks it, meaning that usually one of your two heroes is not doing anything except wait in front of a gate.These are just minor annoyances beside the fact that there's two spots in the level where you can pretty much randomly lose, through no real fault of yourself, making you resort to the autosaves to be able to play on.The first is a ""riddle"" where you have to pull 4 levels in a specific order. The clues given don't seem to bear any meaning that I could decypher. Get it wrong three times and you have to fight an unwinnable fight.The second auto-lose spot is right after. You get the mission to have your two heroes meet up and exchange a quest item (you don't really get a warning that this is your quest now btw, your path is simply blocked and you're supposed to check the quest log yourself to notice it's updated). After you exchange the item, you get a new quest to defeat the bad guy within 7 turns. Unless you knew ahead of time that this meant being close to the spirit gate that you now suddenly can travel through (it was nonfunctional before),  you probably are too far away from where you have to be to get there in time, meaning you have to open a savegame from before your heroes met up, make sure they meet up next to the gate and then continue.Oh, and the quest item you got grants you a spell, castable once per combat that destroys the entire enemy army of the big climatic final fight in one spell cast.During all that, there's a ""story"". In it, your lesbian protagonist is literally accused of beastiality because her lover is a djinn (looks like a lovely lady to me, shrug). Not that she seems to love her that much, because she doesn't try very hard to desuade her lover from killing herself so that she can have a bit more power to defeat the enemy (who, by the way, she sortof believes is on the right side, though that doesn't stop her from killing him anyway). Earlier you talk with a proud orc who vows to take some secret to his grave, until you threaten to kill him, after which he spills it immediately. After which you kill him anyway.It is frankly impressive they managed to get so much wrong in a single level."
76561198008681654,Recommended,321960,24769558,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,The Masochist,New update fixes a bunch of issues from before.
76561198050880577,Recommended,321960,24824677,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,MCL,"I feel like its a good game im enjoying it playing through the campaign. There aren't as many bugs as people make the gmae out to have and most of them are not noticable. Played homm games since 3 and i feel like this is one of the best in the series, the skill tree isnt absolutely random might and magic heroes feel different, creatures have lot of diversity and you get to pick between your tier 7 creature. Along witht he lost tales the gmae has a nice throwback to homm 3+4 and my only complaint is that combat can feel a little slow at times. I'd also like to point outt hat this is a homm game but not identical to homm 3 so dont expect it to be the same and try to adapt a little most homm fans just complain that its not homm 3 and that its terrible. If you give it ome time and open up you'll probably find that teh game is quite fun."
76561198009576670,Recommended,321960,19920134,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,cforgiven,Good game. Sucked me in likw HOMM3. A bit too buggy at first. Wish they would have polished it a bit before release.
,Not Recommended,321960,22045099,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,= Saber =,"So many bugs in this game. You cant actually finish a single game without bugs. For example, I saved my game but when i was trying to reload the game it crashed no matter how many times i tried. Once it crashed, it will crash forever. So i really though the game doesnt worth its price. It ruins all of my love to the series of this game."
76561198030816697,Recommended,321960,24966354,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,jasonwolfe666,"A few bugs but none that i have not found a work around for.At a certain point in a certain quest line the "" chain lightning "" spell make's wining the game super hard.Still I have done almost half the quests and have been having a lot of fun ( exept the afor mentioned part of one quest )."
,Recommended,321960,18300130,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,aTu,育碧，我草你骂了隔壁，你把英雄无敌做成这幅吊样子也敢拿出来卖？还预售。你80多岁的老母亲是不是也被你拿出来预售？我真是放你妈的狗血。你那傻吊游戏界面做的有五毛特效？CG里人物连嘴都不动，连个汉化都没有，不过这样也好，不懂英文的玩家不会花这个倒霉钱。如果你还不信邪，那就买买买。
76561198014639099,Recommended,321960,19200796,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Taxle the Duck,I make it short: the negative review till now is thanks to the release state of the game.At it's current state (11.21.2015) it is highly enjoyable. It is far better than hmm6 and Iwould recommend getting this game if you are a fan of the good hmm versions till now.
,Recommended,321960,19957794,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Caliph of the Communist Party,Hotseat is enough :)
76561198040865008,Not Recommended,321960,18733825,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Krut Kubail,"I loved the game so far untill it began to crash on battles in the 4th map of necro.not to mention the huge wait on loading screens  (loading a game and launching it not battles and castle enteries).besides that great game liked the diffrent classes in faction heroes, nice skill trees magic is awesome."
,Not Recommended,321960,18719115,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Randy Orton,I should have never bought that game. Unfinished and lame. How can they laugh at people like that. The 3rd one is still way better and its like 12 years old. Pls don't buy!!
76561197988317704,Not Recommended,321960,20157417,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Pharcyde,It's not a bad game really but still I can't recommend it.  If I could give it a meh rating I would.  But when the artwork and sound take a step back and with so little to no innovation from previous titles... just can't justify a thumbs up.
76561198141924256,Not Recommended,321960,19630843,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Carrot Boy,"This is the worst game ever.  I can't even play it because it crashes everytime when I launch it.  Have tried the numerous ways of fixing it and nothing works.  No support is offered.  I feel that my money has been stolen.  This is the end of this francise, thanks for ruining it for all of us."
76561198016173398,Recommended,321960,19698512,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Royman,"It certainly has had a rough start, but Heroes VII has the potential to be the best in the series. It seems as if they are concentrating on playability and fan made content.I know I'll be spending a lot of hours playing this game."
76561198037541904,Not Recommended,321960,21063963,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kardanaal,"Bugs, bugs, bugs"
,Not Recommended,321960,34243476,Posted: 14 August,all,Anacrusis,"I can't think of anything good about this game. Brings nothing new to the table. People want epic battles involving strategy. Not ""just as your army is starting the map ends"""
76561198057830720,Recommended,321960,22071880,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,DarkMysterion,"I've heard this game is getting a lot of flak on steam but i disagree with those reviews. I've encountered no bugs or crashes since I've started playing and the game is on sale right now so that right there is great. Some people care about the cutscenes and the lack of animation when it comes to the people at the table talking or the fact that you cant play the demon race but i couldnt care less about that.Most important thing to me is gameplay is it fun or is it not? is the game worth the money?Absolutely the game is fun, I've only played one story campaign thus far but I've enjoyed it I especially like the fact then when i go to build my last unit building for the Elite i get to choose between two types each with their own benefitsRight now the game is worth the money since its on sale, i myself wouldnt pay full price for the game but since its on sale i easily decided to buy the game and I've enjoyed every moment I've spent playing it"
76561197988112233,Recommended,321960,22079005,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,dendromutantx,"All the fluff aside here are the main points one should consider before purchasing this game:1. Graphics: these are definitely more stylized than those in HOMM6 and even 5, which doesn't seem to deter the game from being an agressive GPU and memory hog. After a few minutes I've stopped noticing the ""downgrade"" and rather enjoyed the lack of clutter on the screen and the artwork that the developer DID focus on (town screens and creatures)2. Cutscenes: after scratching my head for a few minutes I realized characters there were supposed to be inanimate. While I'm somewhat perplexed this decision, I can guess the reason for it has something to do with the absolutely beastly GPU and memory drain that HOMM6 cutscenes sported (it forced me to uprade). Optimization is not the strongest point for this developer, but frankly that shouldn't be an excuse for not even trying.3. Audio: gorgeous. This installment lives up to its predecessors.4. Gameplay: Despite the confusing UI layout that might obscure the fact, the character system is basically a souped up HOMM3 clone. It's a good thing. Having started the series with the second game, I was also pleasantly surprized that the 7th had the same faction choices. Paywalled Warlock faction in HOMM6 really rubbed me the wrong way, as did the out of place Weaboo faction. Glad to see that mistake subverted. The game flow is very smooth, UI is not terrible either.5. Overall impression is positive, I'm not seing any of the bugs that spoiled the game for previous revieweres, so I'd say at this point it's worth picking up the game even if you're  not a hardcore fan of the series."
76561198011658313,Recommended,321960,19171760,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Fletcher,good game no stability issues for me remain after latest patch so finally 100% playable
76561198048001113,Not Recommended,321960,18828004,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Wimbledon,"very boring, bad devoleped"
,Not Recommended,321960,19994662,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Takano Miyo,"This game is a pathetic, bad product. No balance. No interesting gameplay.1. 90% of units just use atoattacks (not INTERESTING skills or some strategic stuff)2. Pure, bad art design. As example, Dungeon creatures are not like Manticore, Harpy, other different monsters like in HoMM3. No. Just a boring elfs with diff weapons, same for forest elfs - no Unicorn, no real dragon, Pegasi, Satyr, no other creatures - just diff boring elfs with generic weapons.3. Fire walls? Battle dive from air? SINERGY? Any INTERESTING stuff? MOST of units have skills like more strong punch or resist. Units are just a bags of HP who can use the same auto attacks. All the races are plays pretty same - go to battle and units start use same attacks again and again, and like one of the units can use something like a ""skill"" which is like more strong attack or splash damage.Just remember cool and hard HoMM5 duels.No strategy. Play HoMM 5/3/2 to see a real skills and DIFFERENT gameplay for units, races, etc."
76561198048422496,Recommended,321960,19277089,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Jonrat,Its ok but still crashes even with patches. much like Heroes 5 not the crap thats was heroes 6
76561198012898856,Recommended,321960,28726308,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Muadeeb,"First, I have played every available version of Might and Magic Heroes. Games 3 and 5 are far and away the best they have made. That being said, Heroes VII is far and away better than the junk they released in Heroes VI, I almost did not buy VII due to the way VI played.  This game while not as good as 3 or 5 it is solid and the storylines are decent, the AI doesn't cheat as much which is nice and the overall mechanics work.  I would also like to say the UnReal graphics engine does make it look spectacular on my new gaming rig, since I have not played this on lesser computers I cannot tell you how it will run.  If you can buy this on sale I would recommend it."
76561198009028403,Not Recommended,321960,23235758,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,zwsknight,Game Froze up twice within the first few hours of play. DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,321960,18313776,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rasalas,"Mechanics and gameplay wise this game is pretty good.  A decent successor to HOMM 3.  That being in it's current state it is utterly unplayable unless you play single player exclusively.  Installation issues are surmountable, some skillwheel skills don't work.  The multiplayer doesn't work which is a big issue for me, basically why I bought the game.  Got a refund, will wait until it doesn't seem like a beta."
76561198052320541,Not Recommended,321960,18330334,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Uchiha,HAS WAY TOO MANY BUGS!
76561198047312637,Not Recommended,321960,18309138,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,aligok,always freeze
76561198160361019,Recommended,321960,19525001,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Therasis,Long term Fan of Might & Magic Heroes. Heard of the issues reported on this forum but everything seems to be fixed now as I have not had any troubles. Happy with the purchase :)
76561198038409569,Recommended,321960,19330677,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,poporing2,The game is good now to play. Been playing campaign so far and no bugs yet. Luckily bought it during discount prices.
,Not Recommended,321960,35066045,Posted: 19 September,all,SkriBBLeS,"Unable to install Uplay. Please locate and reinstall Uplay.Did that, Still didn't work."
76561197977095693,Not Recommended,321960,35192847,Posted: 24 September,all,jet chan,"very unbalanced game. enemy at lvl 14 have 600 dmg aoe spell every turn while you have 150 dmg single target spell at lvl 11. and those are just part of your skill trees, not from magic guilds"
76561198065828501,Recommended,321960,34904969,Posted: 12 September,all,Good Stuff Inc.,"Heroes of might and magic is a beloved series for me. I've played them since I was a child and have played through every single game and expansion.4, and 6 have been controversial games in the series as it has really divided fans over the years as with these installments, different ideas were employed that were not viewed so favorably.Heroes 7 does fix some of the mistakes that plagued 6 and does feel like more of a classic heroes game, but it does come at a cost and with its own slew of issues. Its incredibly buggy. Sometimes it takes me multiple times just to make it to the loading screen. Quests can break, but that is usually fixed by exiting and restarting the game. And lastly, with few exceptions, there's really a lack of any challenge. The AI is pretty dumb and will usually just lay down while you steam roll over them. I found this especially true when enemies would prefer to just sit there and take it when you have an AOE spell that lasts multiple turns, as opposed to escaping the area.All that being said, there is a good game here. It feels more like a heroes game than its predecessor, there is a huge amount of content, and the way the campaign plays out is unique, even if I may prefer the traditional way the campaign was told. Its worth a buy, but maybe on a steam sale."
,Not Recommended,321960,22624991,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ruiner,Too repeatitive. It had potential.
76561197965226427,Not Recommended,321960,22719765,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Niros7a,April 2016 and it still crash
76561197976700970,Recommended,321960,22423003,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Webrider,At this point in its development it is the best of the Heroes of Might and Magic Series. Lots of fun ... entertaining graphics good campaigns.
,Not Recommended,321960,18251413,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Hunter,"very disapointed!--- bugs : can't launch the game, in-game sound problems...--- low quality CG--- ugly UI--- low perfermance. nearly occupy 3GB memory--- UPlay--- UPlay"
76561198043293433,Not Recommended,321960,21776073,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Vincimus,"Dont waste your money on this, i didnt know they did refunds or i would of returned it in the first day.  I have played the MM series since the begining, i dont know what this is."
76561198052896753,Recommended,321960,18685337,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,choplun,"I've played only the patched game (1.2 and 1.2.1), and I have to say this is a very good game, much better than VI or IV. I have had one crash in 26 hours, something I experience with other games too (it's probably my weird setup with SSD raid, I sometimes crash just browsing the net).Why didnt they wait a bit to release directly a good game at launch? The abysmal critics at launch almost made me pass this.I can't really comment about global balance, I'm still playing the campaign, but so far I like the factions that I played.I am very glad I ignored the bad reviews, this is going to last me a long time.Edit (addition): patches are released on a frequent basis, and the game feels actually very stable. Balance is pretty good, although there are still two factions which I have not played.What I like is that the spirit of the best HOMM games is back: the game is not linear. You have to plan each day of the week, assemble carefuly your teams, change hero depending on the next fight, etc.My only disappointments so far are:- the overabundance of artifacts in the campaigns. You end up trashing relics and sets.- the skill wheel is very well designed, but your class limits a bit too much what is available to you."
76561198201058823,Not Recommended,321960,18261488,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,nedric,"Refunded, can barely talk anything about the content, as I spent merely 10mins on the actual game map and combat. The rest of 40 mins I was waiting for the program to respons0e, end task and re-enter.- Every time I pressed Q for question window the game stop responding, no clue.- Every time I changed keybind on the map, crash.- Loading banner before you entering the game is just a picture with tell you anything like ""Loading"", and I spent 2 mins there every time I re-enter the game.- The cutscence... enough comments from others I will skip it..My laptop is highest configuration 2 years ago, outdated but still capable for running 72-man PVP in FFXIV extremely smoothly. Hardware shouldn't be the point to blame.Overall, I recommend to hold your 60 dollars for a while to see how things going on."
76561198049287931,Not Recommended,321960,22815052,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,YOLOcaust,nice game but ♥♥♥♥ing ubisoft ruined itlike every other game they havetons of bugscant playneed to reload the last autosave every 2 mins
76561198052477377,Not Recommended,321960,22653069,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,carro,This game is among the worst I've ever played. the massive amount of bugs make it almost unplayable.
,Not Recommended,321960,18263244,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ÐST,"Had potential, but was rushed..."
76561198002298873,Not Recommended,321960,18260858,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Mentalfrost,"I am an avid M&M player and have enjoyed almost all of the games in the series up to this point. I feel like with this game I was the vitctim of a bait and switch. The game is functional as a M&M game, but the production value is highly lacking for the price tag.The ""cinematics"" are just still 3D shots with the characters talking over them, which is extremely clunky to look at and is awkward to watch. The ingame graphics are stiff are frankly they are worse than M&M 6, which is odd to take a step backwards. Lastly the combat is lacking in that the units hit animations and sounds lack any punch, I dont get any sense of impact with the attacks or the sound effects. It seems like  a small gripe but when the thing you enjoy most about the game is underwhelming it is disappointing.On the whole the game doesn't appear bad, I just feel that the price tag for what is delivered is miss matched. If you can get past issues like these then you are golden."
76561198006562040,Not Recommended,321960,18271534,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Denzer,"I bought it because I had been drinking wine all night and forgot about uPlay.I downloaded the game then started it up, there was a long pause then there it was, the dreaded uPlay client.I stared at it for a while cursing my luck, I swore I would never buy another uPlay game again, that's why I didn't buy the last Far Cry. But now here I was again.I tried a password. Wrong. Okay recover password. Punch in email. Check email. No email from them. Check spam/trash folder. Nope. Okay lets try again. Tried a couple more passwords. Nope. Tried to reset again. Check email. Nothing. Tried to log in again. ""You have been temporarily locked out of uPlay for multiple log in attempts"".TL;DR - WARNING UPLAY, WARNING UPLAY, DO NOT BUY, WARNING CRIPPLING DRM, WARNING UPLAY, DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,321960,32928443,Posted: 28 June,all,G U A R D I A N,"This game sucks just as Ubisoft sucks.Full of bugs and the game dont even start with proper graphic card, so if you are using laptop with two cards (90% of them) you gonna get fu*ked just as i did. Support is♥♥♥♥♥♥ they only tell you what you already know = go to nvidia setting and change it there, right click on .exe file and start with nvidia. I won't work.REFUNDED"
76561198074094535,Recommended,321960,29907462,Posted: 13 February,all,MrMonkus,Waited until I could get this one sale because of all the negative feedback id seen. Maybe because im playing it so late on after all the pathes but I'm really enjoying it!Definetly not a classic and imo not as good as heroes 3 or heroes 5 but still very enjoyable.PROS+amazing sprite gfx and animations. most of the creatures look great+some very cool units. not only do they look great but some are great fun to use e.g the Haven Legionaire (protects units around him) & the Swordmaster who has an awesome sweeping attack. There seems to be a new emphasis on units and battles and I like this about it.+the music isnt up there with the best in the series but it is in keeping and i like it. some of the battle music is awesome+leveling up - i actually really didnt like the skill wheel to start of with and wished it was more random. the more ive played the game the more its grown on me however. there are some nice skills in there e.g economy skill allows for two buildings to be built in a day!CONS-could be my grx card but there were accasional glitches with the floor shacking at start of battle. only minor gripe as it only happened a few times-NO INFERNO i have always loved inferno. i didnt care how weak they were in H3 the units just look so cool. so not having them was a massive dissapointment for me.-skills wheel - i also have this as a pro as i do quite like it. however i also feel they went into a little bit too much details with some skills being so situational and unnecesarily complicated. most examples of this are with the faction specific skills.-an age old heroes problem imo but games can really start to drag on after a while. you will often find you've basically won but in order to do so you need to chase down dozens of weak heros and you cannot get around this or use 'quick combat' to kill them
76561198052573383,Recommended,321960,25455174,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,b3l3ran69,"Honestly, I am baffled by the majority of the fanbase down liking this game!...it's irratating to me because i am a long time HOMM fan way back to HOMM 1, 2, 3, 4 played 5 that game was apauling, 6 was great in some aspects and bad in others. however Homm 7 GREAT i love it...it's new but yet the gameplay feels like HOMM 3, and HOMM 3 was the best and it's building off that! i like where the direction of the game is going...there are flaws however for me i hate the campaign design ( the art design, it's all still frame no video), and i don't like how there isn't as many factions i think there should be, i mean come on...there are 7 of these games and only 6 factions (7 if you buy an expansion)...there should be like 12 or 16 factions by now! anyway i do think this is a great game and all old players from HOMM (1-4) will love it!"
,Recommended,321960,18629300,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Malinari,"I like it, it reminds me HOMM3 a lot. I think mechanics and gameplay improved a lot compared to HOMM6, there is more buildings, more diversity with your heroes and more randomisation (for example as oposed to HOMM6 there is a magic guild with random spells each level, very similiar to the way that HOMM3 handled it) so each time you play you don't just chose the same skills & spells.Yes, its buggy and requires improvement but at least for me it didn't crashed even once so it can't be that bad (or maybe I'm just very lucky).Most annoying bug I encountered is vampires sometimes don't steal life making them kind of weak...My only non bug related complain is they could add more content, it seems there is not enough spells, neutral units and structures on the map.I have to say that once they fix the bugs and release a expansion with more content it may be my favourite HOMM (and I've played them all)."
,Recommended,321960,19162176,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,OMG,"Played HoMM since 96/97, and stoped playing with HoMM 5 and 6. HoMM 7 is great game, especially if you are playing against friends. AI is terrible, but i really enjoyed playing campaign. Other drawbacks are minor."
76561198149532787,Not Recommended,321960,20429048,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mahlerion,"Very disappointed!!  The game goes through the opening video clip, then comes to a large stained-glass window screen, where I assume the game menu should come up, and the game stops working there.  Uninstalled, reinstalled, tried fixes on Ubisoft site -- no good.   If I could play the durned thing, I could give a meaningful review, but for now I say a pox on you, Ubisoft.   Your web site has instructions for fixes for the Beta which don't apply to the launch (there is no black arrow next to the PLAY button where you say to verify files).   My machine is high-end (Alienware) with all drivers current."
76561198030333334,Recommended,321960,19075644,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,BIGTALK,"Game was very buggy when it first was released, but it has been patched and is now playable."
,Not Recommended,321960,22098636,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,creative.flash.magic,"Spent good 15 minutes trying to launch the game, had to connect to my mobile internet for the last 7 min hoping it would solve the problem. It just kept on crashing when I tried to start a custom game.The campaign still has no animated cut-scenes from what I saw. I couldn't actually try the game-play though.It's really painful to see this game after enjoying HoMM3 and HoMM5. I wish they'd pull it together.I don't recommend anyone to buy this - the game isn't finished and the bugs make it unplayable even if you wish to ignore the lack of animation."
,Not Recommended,321960,20032001,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Okotami,"I bought this game, thinking that Ubisoft had learned their mistakes. I was never so wrong. The game is full of bug's! Can't complete missions and during combat phases, the game slow's down, not to mention a couple crashes during gameplay.Yes, the game looks great, but graphics aren't everything. I feel sad and depressed for buying this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I HOPE UBISOFT BURNS TO THE GROUND!!!Never buying anything from Ubishit again."
76561198055387565,Not Recommended,321960,21421647,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Maj_Agreal,This game is a mess and puts so much shame on the franchise. The game is so bad that i thought i had a glitch in my game then i found out it meant to be like that. The animation is much less than any other heores game even 1 and 2. Ubisoft have struck again destroying a good franchise for money maybe ea pays them to do it who knows.
76561197970869826,Not Recommended,321960,19904082,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TrueMole,"Feels like the game is still in Beta or even Alpha. Loved Heroes 3 and really enjoyed VI but this has none of the charm of those games;the UI is hideous,the map is so washed out with the art direction they've chosen that you can't always be sure what your click on,the only half-free camera is frustrating more often than it's helpful,numerous bugs (or very poor design choices) - e.g. if one of your creatures is slowed the animation is extended massively but the mechanics aren't (but the time for the next unit to act is extended) so it both looks terrible and slows the game down.They've brought back town screens (Yay!) but they've done such a terrible job you couldn't know what to click on to access each of the town functions, so instead you just restort to the buttons - really what was the point?!Save yourself some money and buy Heroes VI if you want a modern Heroes game that's pretty good, failing that go back to 3 and relive the glory of Heroes in it's Hayday"
76561197961639388,Not Recommended,321960,19986921,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tenchi,"Peice Of Crap. Multiplayer is busted/bugged in so many ways. they did not learn from Heroes 6 stupid conflux issues, instead they made it 10x worse, Don't Buy."
76561197992450019,Not Recommended,321960,21514869,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ursyn,"Get ready to crash yourself back into Heroes VI, because that's basically what you're getting yourself into here."
76561197988042614,Not Recommended,321960,22097749,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Desolater,This game is pretty bad not worth the on sale price in my opinion.plenty of other comments to find out specifics but ill name a couple that stick outboring repetitive combat (think the exact same grid every single battle with little variations)terrible cutscenesnothing about the game really stands out as special
76561198035071009,Recommended,321960,24763177,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Versmoor,"So, the HOMM series is very close to my heart like it is for many other reviewers. I've been playing it since HOMM1 was released (yes I'm that old). When 7 was released and I saw all the negative reviews I thought I'll wait a bit. Turns out I had to wait a year for patch 2.0. I bought it while it was on sale (50% off) which still made me cringe as I was afraid I'm buying a broken game from all the reviews.However, it turns out the game is marvelous. I'm enjoying the campaign and story thoroughly and I'm not experiencing any issues whatsoever. I don't know what all the fuss is about? With that said, I haven't played or seen the game prior to patch 2.0.In summary - The good:+ Adventure map visuals are stunning+ Careful thought went into the campaign maps and making it fun to play through+ I enjoy the sometimes cheesy voice acting, reminds me of theatre and the previous games+ The non-animated cut scenes don't bother me at all. I don't know what all the kids are complaining about. Feels like a story that is being narrated with still illustrations. I guess kids these days don't read anymore?+ No hand-holding. The game isn't dumbed down. It takes a while to learn and even longer to master on higher difficulties.+ Spells and hero talent wheels are great.+ At 50% off a great bargain.The bad:- Game doesn't feel optimised. Even though I'm not experiencing any performance issues, my PC sounds like it might take flight as both my CPU and GPU are working extremely hard.- The towns feel bland. One of the most rewarding things of previous HOMM games were the towns and how they come to life as you build new structures. Here, all the buildings look kind of the same and the animation happens so fast from the 2D selection screen that you sometimes miss what you just built.- The units themselves are adequately animated but again, their colours and armour seem bland. Take the Seraphs/Celestials for example, they are ANGELS for crying out loud but look like foot soldiers with tiny wings.  Also my favourite factions have always been the Necropolis and Dungeon factions. The creatures themselves are great but their modeling struggles to distinguish them from the crowd (bland).- Still some balancing issues.- The opponent heroes' AI is weird sometimes. On occasion their actions are non-sensical but from what I've seen, this is rare.- A bit pricy at full price. Especially charging so much for an expansion (haven't bought it yet - will wait for sale).- During combat, the camera has some angle issues but these are rare.All in all, it seems like I'm complaining a lot but, for me, the good outweighs the bad by far and I think Limbic has done a good job. I also love the way their developers are directly interacting with the users.The game should've been released in the state it is now after patch 2.0. Feels like it was in Beta all the way through version 1."
76561197965569249,Not Recommended,321960,25257534,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BearAlMighty,When i want to play HOMM7 (^◡^ )When you can't beat a campaign map oneasy when u tried for 8 hours in a row ( ◡́.◡̀)
76561198090138570,Not Recommended,321960,25023901,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,zan,"I have loved all of the Might and magic games but this one would be good but it is Big i mean Rilly big, and on top of that it has a very hard time running even on a good pc that sead i like it but it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,321960,28626640,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Turbogooch,After playing through the first campaign map it is clear that this game is a marked improvement over the previous game in this series and a breath of fresh air.  I was soured by Heroes 6 which ultimately was unplayable due to cheating AI mechanics (lazy programming if you ask me) that force you to win the map in a very specific way which is not in the spirit of the series at all.  Finding your own unique strategy for winning a map is a big part of what makes these games fun.  I found the skill system in Heroes 7 to be much easier to manage than in Heroes 6.  As a longtime fan of the series since HoMM2 I am looking forward to digging deeper into this beautiful game.
76561198088530558,Recommended,321960,24739220,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Acroma,This game is a GOOD game i have played HOMM since i found HOMM3 on my old pentium computer!!!...Its a mixture of differant elements of pervous HOMM games that much is a given. if you played the previous games you quickly learn that winning stratagy that always worked and made you a god at the game wont work here and thats good it makes you relearn to play the game (i am still learning the dungon)...you will like it or you wont...but if you do leave it installed on that day off and the weathers crap outside and you just not in the mood to play your fav game you WILL play it and wonder why you didnt play it before....then loose badly and remember why...then forget...(this cycle then repeats).....i am yet to see any bad bugs...(not saying they not there) plus i do have more hours on this games but just off steam..
,Recommended,321960,24992486,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Psyadin,"Better then 6, still not close to the earlier games"
,Recommended,321960,18248748,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"People are purposefully giving this game a negative review because it requires Uplay, which, after putting in the serial, doesn't even appear anymore after you start and close the game for the first time.I don't understand idiot nerds who pay 50 dollars to rate a game negative because of Uplay when Steam is already DRM. Uplay isn't doing anything to your dumb precious computer. Stop being petty nerdlingers and get over it. There were multiple betas for this game. It's the 7th installment. You know what you're getting.The same people giving game negative reviews will give this review a negative review because kids have this weird, weird, weird obsession over non-Steam DRM and it's the nerdiest and most pathetic thing possible.Rate the game based on the game. It's good.Let the whiny comments and negative reviews of this review roll because I don't get a nerdcry over Uplay.Update: Please realize I am not reading any of these comments or whatever so.. yeah.Anyhoo, the game is pretty great, I like the opening campaign sequence. It's much more interesting than VI which was blehhh . Everything works fine on the highest settings, and the ""storytelling"" of the campaign is nifty, voice acting is alright. Can't wait to play more and enjoy myself.Because I actually bought the game to play it since I love the series and I don't care about uPlay and neither should U (get it? uPlay? u?)Also, calling people ""sheeple"" is so 2009, step up your game (Ok so I did see ONE comment before the ""Shut Up!"" Chrome App (highly recommended by the way, it saves you from reading internet comments):)"
76561198020793682,Recommended,321960,24830417,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,whosyourdaddy,"havent played mutch yet, but the first impression is good.reminds me of the good old days with heroes 2 to 5.they added some usefull functions and i am happy, that they kept the new skill tree of the heroes from heroes 6."
76561198097837498,Recommended,321960,35239125,Posted: 27 September,all,saugeen2011,start up is extremly slow-unresponsive very often.  I enjoy playing it-- I would recommend this game
,Recommended,321960,18331773,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Griffildur,"The game has great potential, but it is not ready for prime time yet It needs a lot of bug fixing ( doable ) and the AI needs a lot of re-work and we'll see how doable this is.Update : Patch 1.6 fixed most bugs and the game is great. There still seem to be some issues with network game so if that's all you want you might want to wait a little more before buying."
,Not Recommended,321960,18249658,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,EzekielNOR,"Changed my mind. Bug-Riddle, two games unable to be completed because of ""An army is blocking the location"" bug - making it impossible to kill the enemy keeps."
76561198077819043,Not Recommended,321960,18249356,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,BeYo_OnD,"Read the review on Heroes Community -http://heroescommunity.com/viewthread.php3?TID=41693Edit:Consider the previously mentioned review outdated. In light of the severe technical issues plaguing this already mediocre entry, I cannot in good faith recommend this game. Therefore, after pondering things carefully, I decided to change my public impression of this game. I have disregarded the technical difficulties of the release in hope that they will get fixed relatively shortly down the road, but after over one month of patching, the game is still unplayable, bugridden, crashing and desynchronizing in multiplayer consistently. I tried to like it, I really did, but I think it was about time to face reality."
76561197993025223,Recommended,321960,20470394,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,To_mA^sun,after patch 1.7 it is much better!
76561198039583794,Recommended,321960,18262412,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,brouillardd,"First, a little history lesson:  There has never been a ""perfect"" version of Heroes upon release.  This is a game that has always needed tweeks and adjustments for a time after release (via patches).  Further, no version (save Heroes I) has been ""great"" until expansions were released.  Heroes 3 was best upon release and best post expansion.  For most of us who have played them all, H3 is the benchmark.  As of the first day of release, H7 comes close and I'll elaborate as to why below.Heroes has always been a mix of turn-based-strategy and RPG with a big dose of ""discovery and conquest"".  Parts ""Risk"" and ""Civilization"", parts Chess and other such games, with decent stories, interesting Heroes, and a wide assortment of creatures to use in armies.H7 is no exception.  In fact, developers intended for this to have some of the best elements of the series throughout its history.  While my final judgement will come after it is ""Complete"", I'd say this one is well on its way.For players like myself, immersion is the key.  Does it get me invested in the battles and the urgencies that come with a strategy/rpg?  Am I excited about the discovery aspect?  Are there surprises along the way?  Is there a variety that keeps me interested and re-playing?  Answer:  YES.Top that off with the best Map Editor (with a Random Map Generator) since H4 and its reasonable to conclude that this one has staying power.  One of the best parts about the Heroes Community, is the fan made maps shared via sites like Celestial Heavens and Maps4Heroes.  Keeps the game fresh and interesting.  Developers boast too that the editor has a modding element that make the possibilities endless.In my house, we're playing the Hot Seat all the time with some combination of my wife, my 7 yr old daughter, my 15 yr old son and myself with my 4 yr old son rooting us on.I look forward to playing more.  I look forward to expansions.  In fact, I'd love to skip work right now to play."
76561198033162411,Not Recommended,321960,30307361,Posted: 3 March,all,Ingus,Multiplayer is broken
,Not Recommended,321960,18271576,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,batugarto,I am regret to buy this game.
,Not Recommended,321960,18250143,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Sasherz,"Game looks promesing, but at the start, the game crashes repeatly at startup.and first mission failed after 1 turn, I played the games from Heroes of Might and Magic 1 and know how to play them, but this is just stupid...But not only that alot of the features of the game has to be bought through ubisoft to get them.this DLC-Unlock isnt much fun"
,Not Recommended,321960,18295030,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,BigBarazi,"Actually looks worse than Heroes 6! also very uninteresting and lacks character, skip this one :("
,Not Recommended,321960,18258546,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,gwerner,"Oh Heroes.  Such potential.  Such meh.  I wanted this game to be at least as good as previous heroesAlas.  Among the issues I've discovered:- Character animations appear to be broken and stuttery in many places.  (I'm looking at you trogladytes)- The intro video is done in a hybrid still-life characters / real time fire animation that actually made me think that the characters were frozen.  If they're not supposed to move, why does EVERYTHING ELSE move?  Seems like they ran out of time to make the cut-scenes animated and just said ""to heck with it.  Freeze them""  It's weird.  You'll think it's broken.  Seriously.- The ""zoom"" animation they have going into battles is incredibly disorienting.  Not ""cool"", just disorienting.- There's not enough contrast on the maps to see where anything is.  You'll frequently overlook things because they blend in too well.- It doesn't scale well at large resolutions.  I've tried it at 2560 and 1980 resolutions, but fonts are too big, and combat dialogs appear half off the screen for a second or two before jumping where they should be.- Something about combat just isn't exciting.  Maybe it's the music.  Maybe it's the textures.  Who knows, but I'm missing the coolness that was in previous Heroes games.- The list goes on and on (meaning I can't think of any right now but DARN IT I'm sure I will)!I want, I want, I WANT to change my mind about this game.  Maybe with a few patches we'll be there.  But right now, I can't recommend this."
76561198105749988,Not Recommended,321960,26435271,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Loading....,As usual the programmers never intended the user to have fun. At the second part of a campaign ( you just started the game) you can watch how the enemy heroes get stronger and stronger and blasting half of your army away with their first spell ( you just found your town and have for like 3 weeks only). This game is sooooo unbalanced its pathetic. there are other times were you are able to get ahead in the game but suddenly a enemy hero that is shown AS TRIVIAL!!!! kicks your a s s! DO NOT BUY this game. The company doesnt care if u have fun they just wana rip you off whilst you try to enjoy an UNENJOYABLE game. Unballanced and still buggy!
,Recommended,321960,19065727,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,chazz_play,"It's exactly what I was expecting.  It works okay on my computer on ultra/high, though there are still a few bugs for them to work through.  I'm on patch 4 I think now.  If you are familiar with the series, I haven't found anything extraordinarily new to the franchise.  The skill wheel is about the newest thing.  If you like the previous game VI, then you'll find this pretty adequate.  I haven't attempted multiplayer; I usually don't with a new game.  I wait until they tweek the balance and the connection issues with most games.  The biggest complaint, which is the same one for VI, they just can't seem to recapture the spectacular city screens that they had in V.  They're pretty, but don't have that wow factor that the 3d redered and flying ones did in 5.  I think that causes it to feel a little more like a board game and little less like an engrossing computer game.  I have finished the Human, Undead, and Mage campaigns.  I'm part way through the elf and dark elf campaigns."
76561198031489173,Not Recommended,321960,18257319,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,pilipala,"Seriously, I was expecting this game for so long and what I got is something with a animation where everything is stable... Well, the candles are moving at least... I played Beta version as well. Back then I would say the game is not bad besides some minor gliches, it was beta anyway. But... it is still the same way in the complete version... I mean... nevermind. Hopefully I'm the only person who has the stable animation issue... otherwise... you won't want to play... trust me..."
,Not Recommended,321960,18264203,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,elyran,"this game is so broken right now - it's unplayable.here i was, 9 hours into a single player map, and suddnly the ai stopped. stopped moving, stopped playing. it was just like a zombie, oh well i thought to myself, i'll just kill all of his heroes to see the victory screen, oh boy was i wrong, i killed an enemy hero, and when i tried to advnace to the spot where the hero was standing, the game said another army is blocking the way. i passed the turn, and there was a DIFFERENT hero, with the EXACT same army, killed him, and again, the way was blocked. so i passed the turn again. by the seventh time, i've quit the game and asked for a refund from steam. please, if you are a Heroes fan like i am (played since the first game, since i was 8 year old). STAY AWAY from this amature pile of garbage."
76561198130370423,Not Recommended,321960,18264449,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,bbmooney1987,I preoder this game because of the game had a long beta test. I think the developer and gamer can work together to produce a good game. It seem like i was wrong. The game is full of bug. Is Ubisoft try to prove that they dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥to people who buy their game??
,Recommended,321960,22800243,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,weer,"The game is too easy. After just played Might & Magic 6, this was like a walk in the park.First (And only) playthrough on ""Heroic"". Did not even need to restart a map once, which is disappointing.If I would recommend it? I will press ""Yes"", but it should have been a button in the middle being uncertain."
76561198022270757,Not Recommended,321960,18259778,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Mr Squeak,"30 minutes of playing so far:1) CRASHES ON LOAD2) Game CANNOT CREATE SAVE FILES - can't progress as such!3) Game syncing issuesI have more than the recommended system requirements.Disappointing. Fan of the Heroes franchise, but I have an unplayable game."
76561198023269065,Not Recommended,321960,20258548,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DogTrooper,What a piece of rubbish. Slow slow slow... Everytime I launch the game it says performing setup for the first time. Spends half an hour setting up and then.... nothing happens. Try launching the game again but says that it is already running... close steam and then start the process all over again. MY MONEY WAS STOLEN!!!!
76561198033824165,Recommended,321960,22611526,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ljfe,"The game is higher than my expectation. I only played series II and III, and I have devoted over 30 hours on this one. I am playing patch 1.8, the bug is not very annoying after all."
76561197987506518,Recommended,321960,18326413,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lore,"I really like this game.Yes it has flaws. Yes, it should have been better right away given it's price. But let us not forget that neither Heroes V or VI was even close to finished at release. Heroes V with an incredibly complex skillsystem with no explanation in game, and several crashes and graphical bugs, and Heroes 6 with no town view (Might seem small, but for us who love Heroes, a major requirement). Both games was in my opinion much improved through patches and expansions, resulting in two games I to this day can pick up to play and enjoy. I see no reason to not expect the same development in Heroes VII.First, I'll tackle the bad things with the game, because we all know they are there.The cinematics for campaign intro. Horrible stills of what seems to be a 3dmodel cinematic under development. Painful to watch. However. I think we can all agree that if Ubisoft were to save money/time somewhere during the development, we would rather have it somewhere where it doesn't disturb the general gameplay of the game. And this is a pretty quick fix with patches, as I would be surprised if a proper cinematic isn't placed here at a later stage.The slow AI turns. This is rather bad. We've all played the huge or impossible sized maps where we have to wait several minutes between turns when we've progressed a good amount into the map, but waiting for so long from the very beginning is bad. By timing it, I found that on average, during the first week alone, you have spent almost 10 minutes just waiting for your turn. This is something I assume will be adressed rather quickly, if the development team has any good sense of prioritizing.I'm not even gonna mention bugs and crashes, because frankly, most of the ones I've seen are very minor graphical bugs, that get fixed with just a hover over them with the pointer, and I've only experienced two crashes so far, and one of them was probably my own fault for overtaxing the machine with background processes. So to sum it up, I've seen far worse in newly released games than this. Even same priced ones.Now on to the good stuff.The Hero system. I really like the return of the skill system of Heroes V, but in a simplified and much more explained version. And that each hero has it's own unique set of skills, with it's own masteries, makes heroes more unique and it matters more to you which hero you get.The new flanking system. I love this new feature in combat. It makes large scale battles much more dynamic, and we avoid the old scenario with two stacks of over 1k units standing still and wailing on eachother for several minutes until one dies. Now it is a constant battle for getting the upper hand in terrain, terrain obstacles have a bigger impact, and making a wall of melee units around your ranged units might no longer be a valid idea, as you are giving away flanking opportunities to your opponent and getting none yourself, making it a possibility for losing even if you had the stronger army. In general, battles are less tedious and each battle is a bit more different than in earlier games.The music. It's great. Sure, there are some tunes I don't like as much as the others, but on average the music is really good. In fact, thanks to the long waiting time between turns, I found myself answering natures call when I found myself thinking that the music I heard coming from the game was really great. And we all know the the best thinking happens while on the toilet. Jokes aside, the music gives that great atmosphere of Heroes we've all grown to love, and THAT is one of the places I would have been unable to accept any flaws.And last but not least. The developers have proven that they are willing to listen to the fans. By letting us vote on what the two last factions of the starting 6 were going to be, they gave us influence and insight other developers do not. If they keep that trend up, there is no reason why we can't help make this game as great as I think it has the potential to be.But that can only happen if we actually give this game a chance. So I implore you, give this game a chance. It has so much potential, and is still very much enjoyable the way it is today. I think this can become the best Heroes game yet, especially with the involvement of the fans :)"
76561197993536210,Not Recommended,321960,18258147,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ecrex,"Is this game finished? I feel like simple things like animation should be in the cut scenes, not just statues.. Flags show through terrain, sometimes my hero isn't allowed to attack during a turn, but then can the next, but then not the next two."
,Not Recommended,321960,18310525,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,hnc21,This is II. V is're a mistake?
,Not Recommended,321960,18258620,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Qoves,"Out of all the HOMM series thats out there, this is the only series that has ♥♥♥♥ soundtrack in it.I mean who the hell thought it was a good idea to replace Rob King & Paul Romero with Rob Chen?It hurts my ears playing this game.But then again, I would still play this game just to listen to few of the tracks composed by Rob King & Paul Romero such as the town themes.8 tracks were composed by Rob King & Paul Romero9 tracks were composed by Roc Chena 4/10 game, it is."
,Not Recommended,321960,19096473,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Hexen,Completley pice of garbage. Game become unplayable becouse of bugs and crashes. Also the graphic engine slowing ur computer so badly that after 15 min U dont want to play anymore in 20 Fps ( no matter if u play on very low or very high details).Give me my money back ( 40 F) !!!Trash game atm- DONT BUY IT !!
76561198021360413,Not Recommended,321960,22412789,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,hanshund,It is the worst game in the series! Reminiscent of a mix between number 4 and number 6. A terrible one. It has the worst of both and nothing good to say. Don´t buy it!
76561197967468772,Recommended,321960,19137983,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Josurr,Granted the game was released before it should have been. That being said The developers have been working none stop on the games and it shows. Keep up the good work.
76561198006785006,Not Recommended,321960,22055743,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,mechanos,Played it for about thirty minutes. Looks worse and plays worse than Heroes VI and that was pretty bad. Ubisoft needs to either fund this franchise properly and quit cutting corners or sell it to someone who will make the game great again. Hasn't been a good version since HOMMV.
76561197994378815,Not Recommended,321960,20562852,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Blueberry Bubblebath,The AI is clearly for children not even comparable to the previous heroes
76561197995425192,Not Recommended,321960,22089546,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Meanwhile,"Even after the highly anticipated patch 1.7, there are still a lot of game-breaking bugs. Five months and counting since the last failed attempt to salvage this wreck of a game.I will be happy to write a glowing review after the game becomes playable, but I cannot recommend it in its current state (as of July 2016)."
76561197987492155,Recommended,321960,22065079,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mesis,Best of Heroes III and V
76561198010061611,Recommended,321960,25376366,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Professor Chaos,"I was pretty hesitant to purchase this game after the poor reviews I had read regarding bugs and technical issues but I decided to take the leap when it was available on special.I was surprised to find that the game was quite entertaining. The increased options for the skill wheel accompanied by a more complex town builder means that longer skirmishes don't become stale after the first few weeks. I also like the addition of choices between certain buildings providing a bit more meaning to building choices and a bit more variety for replay value.That being said I would not recommend paying full price for this game. While entertaining, issues with multiplayer and a rather limited selection of factions and maps means you won't get the same hours out of it as you would other games in the series. Additionally the expansion price is ludicrous at $40, offering only a single faction.If you're like me and enjoy some hotseat or online multiplayer than maybe have a crack at heroes V or VI before playing this and hope the price drops to something more reasonable in the future.PROS:-Nice graphics-Interesting new building mechanics-Nice variety of Spells to choose from-Skill wheel offers some decent replay value-Some interesting new creatures to seeCONS:-Overpriced-Limited number of factions (where have Inferno gone?!)-Limited number of maps-Buggy online play-Issues with memory usage over extended period of time-Insanely overpriced expansion"
76561198041897376,Not Recommended,321960,18331321,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,StylePts,i feel like for asking for 50-60 dollars for a nintendo game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥
76561198013375367,Recommended,321960,30011368,Posted: 18 February,all,IpM,"As someone who played every heroes game since heroes 1, I feel this game is very similar to Heroes 6, tbh, it actually pales in comparison. But compared to replaying heroes 6, getting this game is a slightly better alternative. Warning, it gets rather boring after a while. Battle is less polished than previous Heroes series. Customisation of heroes is limited. Creature special abilities are interesting but not as good as previous series(5,6). Recommend to buy this game on sale if you want to call yourself a true heroes fan. Still worth playing overall if you dont mind the bugs."
,Not Recommended,321960,22106137,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zionism.,"Can't even see the game, forces me to make a Uplay account and when I try says that account creation is unavailable, spent £20 for a game I can't play because of some crappy DRM system."
76561198077979981,Not Recommended,321960,22141855,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,aroig,"Horrible game, No thinking, planning, just wait and forde  build any army and hit auto fight. t rinse and repeat...sad end to a franchise"
76561198030867427,Not Recommended,321960,18261535,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ajmoeller81,"Not recommended.  Feels like a game from 10-15 years ago in graphics, interface, performance.  Only way it's a heroes game is because of the name on it."
,Not Recommended,321960,22887352,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Spacelicker,They promised a bunch and they gave 0 f**ks.
76561198006588819,Not Recommended,321960,23907435,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mapleswitch,purchased game - no activation key delivered - can't play w/o activation key (even in offline mode)
76561197986196676,Recommended,321960,22297164,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,EdgeCrusher,"Ive always loved the HOMM series. This game is good, still has some issues, and it seems like campaign is the only game mode to recieve love by the devs. I do liek this game better than HoMM 5 and 6, although i did prefer the skill/spell tree from HoMM 6. And i hope they add some of the missing/awaited factions and fix bugs and add more maps for skirmish and not make it so easy to get infinite resources!6.5/10"
76561198144733151,Not Recommended,321960,20011171,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jin,"Horrid. Absolutely horrid. Firstly, the intro is trash. They couldn't even be bothered with animating the main characters. Are you kidding? This is 2015! I have seen mobile games with more work put into them.The biggest gripe I have is...NOT BEING ABLE TO PLAY IT BECAUSE THE QUESTS BUG AND YOU CAN'T CONTINUE. What. The. Crap. Did the devs even play or test this? What a JOKE! I tried so many fixes, read the forums, restarted the maps, did quests in different orders, and nothing worked. I was stuck in the map, unable to progress through the game.COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY!"
76561198008994825,Recommended,321960,20164937,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Exire,"Negative Reviews Explained:There are not anymore crashes while playing if you have the required system. The rest of the posts are filled with complaints fueled by Ignorance (the devil king of slothfulness).Game Speed:Go to Options- Game Options to change things such as waiting for animation, battle speed, or enemy turn speed.Most gameplay complaints can be handled in the options menu.Content:The character models have good work put into them and are magnificent such as the behemoth of stronghold. There are 6 factions to choose from. You can plunder enemy mines or take over an entire area's buildings by only capturing a solitary fortress. The magic is an indepth system based on the lore surrounding the 7 dragons. You can choose your own branch of skills(who didn't cross their fingers in Heroes 3 and hope for logistics?).Story/Lore:Yes the timeline is different from Heroes 3 because Enroth was destroyed. The survivors had went through portals to a land called Axeoth. It is because New World Computing went bankrupt that development of this new world did not continue. Ubisoft picked up Heroes instead of letting our fan favorite series die and made their own world Ashan with its own history and intrigue. You can see the new history here:http://mightandmagic.wikia.com/wiki/AshanComplaint:There are not enough unique neutrals to fight which in turn makes explorative battle feel repetitive and easily tiring."
76561197963018682,Recommended,321960,25485449,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Zelse,"I bought Heroes 7 out of blind loyalty to the franchise soon after it came out. I started with Heroes 1 when I was about 8 years old and played and enjoyed most of the games with a few exceptions. However Heroes 7 was basically unplayable when it came out. Coming back months later the game runs much better and is pretty decent. It doesn't stray too far from the heroes formula but it definatly adds it's own aesthetic that I enjoyed very much. The stories are interesting and I especially like the 3d map they use for the campaign. It really brings you into the world and helps you understand each factions standing in the grand scheme of things. If you're a fan of the series i'd recommend it. If you're new, watch some let's plays, if only for awhile. Take a look at the art design. That is truely the best part of this game."
76561198012845125,Recommended,321960,25801452,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Li-Ming,So this game gets alot of hate it should have unplayeble bugs etc.As long as you dont compare it too heroes 3 or 5 this game is great!!!To be honest i had 0 problems when playing this game and enjoyed it till the end. The story are good and keeps you interested when you play.The only downside of this game is the multiplayer as far as i checked it out its not that hot and it should take some time before getting a game.campaign and skirmish maps are all great.
76561198000443226,Not Recommended,321960,24701355,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,eowon,Uplay... Enough said... Bugs and no legitimite effort to fix.
,Not Recommended,321960,18292126,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,LauriEST//OstaElu.ee,Can't beat any of the campain levels.
76561198019219227,Recommended,321960,22159688,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"I recommend this game if you are a HOMM addict, but not if you are new to the Genre.Buy it only if it is on sale.But...read below:1) Great in game graphics2) Great Audio,.3) Although the cutscenes are static, i.e. you hear the NPCs talking but their mouths are not moving...who cares?I dont play games for the cut scenes.4) Something bugged with castles, for example I cannot enter my main castle.5) I enjoyed HoMM V and VI much more, as for whatever reason this version does not seem as much fun.6) I stopped playing after only an hour...just got bored with it.7) Oh, and Uplay in addition to Steam is just a pain, not a game breaker, just senseless, not needed, and silly.....just kind of annoyingI realize many of the things I have stated are already known, but please taek note...I loved V and VI and even the online game they came out with.Despite the fact that I still feel the AI cheats in V and VI.I only purchased this game (VII) because it was on sale and I say again:Unless it is on sale do not buy, as you are not missing anything.Wait for a sale."
76561198053266193,Recommended,321960,24783154,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,The True Emperor,"I am not sure where all the hate is coming for this game, I love it! It is beautiful and fun and lots of hours of gameplay. I bought it twice by accident so pay no attention to my time played on here. I have run across hardly any bugs. Highly recommend :)"
76561198021074368,Recommended,321960,22794477,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,solsiva,"I liked this game, but I did grade on the curve that I didn't expect it to improve on HOMM3. I have enjoyed playing it and will eventually complete the campaign. My only gripe is that they removed gryphons as a regular recruitable troop, they were one of my favorites! Very sad."
,Recommended,321960,29894295,Posted: 13 February,all,gravelover333,Similar to past games. I just don't seem to have the time or patience that I once did. I've been using quick combat all the time when before I never did in past games. Still overall a decent game
76561198223837592,Recommended,321960,28826981,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Davs,Good!
76561197997487310,Recommended,321960,28886732,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[UK]RDLister,"Really don't understand why this is getting mixed reviews. Completed all M&M4, 5 and 6 and this one I would place above them all. Not a massive fan of 6 as they had the Good / Evil point but they now done away with that. The skill tree is now tier based which changes the level up process, plus there are a few changes in there for defences on forts and other new features.I know there was caravans in the last release but they do help stop the running around between forts stacking forces, much similar in the new version.The only negative issue I can point out is the camera angles can be poor on death sequences in the combat play. Too often do I see combat taking play to only be shown a close up of a wall or tree..... please fix that with a map patch guys.I think your a fan of M&M series you won't be disappoint with the latest installment."
,Recommended,321960,28917094,Posted: 1 January,all,JonsJava,"Early gameplay review**At the time of writing this, I only had ~2 hours in the game.First off, yes. The graphics aren't as good as VI, but the game mechanics are better overall.  They also brought back some factions that were missing since III or IV (can't remember the version that last had Academy)PROS:* Simpler interface, more reminicent of the old versions (read: < HOMMV)* By far the most intuitive hero leveling system to-date* They really went back to their roots.  It feels more like a pre-Ubi version of the gameCONS:* To Be DeterminedAs I progress through the game, I'll update this review.BUYERS REMORSE INDEX:3/10 -- The only concern I have is the graphics aren't the greatest, but that's actually one thing I love about it."
76561198053847710,Recommended,321960,28947956,Posted: 2 January,all,Cleuwe,"An enhanced version of the VI with improvements for the hero as in the IV, which I loved for that. Interesting so far, besides the many crashes encountered."
,Recommended,321960,19585626,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Lokhaman,"This game is trapped into an old design mindset...can't complain too much tho since the heroes community has chosen that (see the shadow council stuff).Yes, there are truly several gamebreaker bugs and yes, the campaign is way too easy.Still it's still heroes, and I like it"
,Recommended,321960,18291450,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Nahz,"If you're anything like me. You were very skeptical about the people with 1.3 or even a megalithic 3.7 hours in this game giving it a bad review.TLDR: AI is very dynamic and adjustable for people looking for a more challenging experience. Those complaining about ""slow gameplay"" might be new to the series or simply not used to it, being as it is a unique style of startagy game in general that isn't re-created every other day you log-into steam. (Zombie, Survival Sandbox, JRPG, Pixel Grapic Adventure Games, ect.) There have been very minimal bugs in my experiece though this may not be true for everyone. Campaign has been a blast although I did turn voices off because they have rarely been good in any game ever. This game should be cleaned up with a patch and will be solid gold for any true HoMM fan.  All this game needs is ""3DO"" at the beggining to make me smile even more.I read a lot of complaints about the CGI being ""cheap"" and I honestly don't care myself so I may seem biased but if you really care about that enough to dislike the entire game then yes I would tell you that the cutscenes aren't mind-blowing. It's such a small fraction of the game though and really not worth being sour about considering whats beneath it all. It's your life, time, and energy though..use it as you like.The AI is easy enough for begginers at normal difficulty or for someone learning the new dynamics of the game. If you want a real challenge then try Heroic difficulty to make all your masochistic dreams come true. I'm still picking my teeth up off the ground. You can select maps that will take you a few hours to an entire real time week long. Thats one of the reasons I like this game. I can play many different campaign types, start new maps to figure things out, play the same game for a very long time, or go online to play against other human beings. Lots of options on only a vanilla version of the game.The maps are absolutely beautiful; serious nostaliga rolls in from every corner. The music is awesome, atmospheric, and engaging. Theres a glitch right now as of 10/2/2015 where the music stops looping. In battle this is more obvious but i'm sure this will be sorted out in less than a weeks time.The skill wheel is awesome. You can build your city at amazing speeds right away with certain skills trees that help economic growth like being able to build twice in each holding every day or increase income of gold and resources. Caravans work wonderfully and when utilized correctly can help the flow of gameplay quite a bit. The maps offer tons of secrets and potential advatages if used correctly, potentially changing the flow of the game. The town screens are very nicely done and the progression tree for each very much pays homage to the older games of this series. You can make your heroes governors of certain holdings to gain great buffs and even spec into different types of magic as you go. The items in the vanilla version so far are awesome. Back to the old school in ways that HoMM VI really detered from.My favorite part is that I never have to look at Uplay. I booted it up the first time and it asked me to sync my steam account. After I did that I simply just start the game through steam and it starts right away. After i'm done it syncs with the cloud and closes up through a HoMM splash screen on my desktop. I'm easily going to forget what Uplay looks like.On top of all this, the map editor is absolutely stupendous.This game is a breath of fresh air for the HoMM series..finally! I feel bad for the people who are really frustrated with the game after only a few hours of gameplay but hopefully they get their refunds and move on to another game they truly enjoy playing. As for any of you considering this game.. if you're worried about little bugs just wait a few days to a week. Other than that i'd say pull the trigger. If you like HoMM I think that after you give it an honest try you'll be pleasently suprised."
76561197993924238,Not Recommended,321960,20732639,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,pskolim,"Ubisoft =♥♥♥♥♥♥quality, for me the need to learn a lesson, 3 time in a row of Heroes 5,6,7, every f@cken time they make it wrong/bug crap....just brilliant. I will buy this game only then whent it is for 5 euro :P"
76561198053324957,Recommended,321960,19086800,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Durius Ironfell,Good game
76561197971560707,Recommended,321960,18900224,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hassefar,DISCLAIMER: Old Heroes of Mioght and Magic fanI've been enjoying this series of games since it's first iteration.Heroes 7 is definetely one of the best.The basic gameplay is - as any other member of the series - solid.And the new-comings to the gameplay are well-thougt and elegant additions .If you are a HOMM fan -  and not one of the 'HOMM3 is the best thing that ever happened and nothing can compare ' fanatics - then you will enjoy H7.
76561198017092991,Recommended,321960,20789679,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,b5001,i like it  its a good game dont believe the neg reviews the games ok .
76561198046746883,Not Recommended,321960,20550151,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,L'apprenti fou,"Crash on this, crash on that.... crash crash crashIt's this sh** of the year...."
76561198098971995,Not Recommended,321960,18257477,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,marques_j,"Absolutely awdul.  I am a HOMM fan and loved VI but this is four steps back.  Terrible interface, awful graphics, the opening dialogue the characters dont even move it just shows a shot fot heir faces and their voices.  I want a refund!!!"
76561198133615536,Not Recommended,321960,19557848,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,benjaninja77,"I tried playing this game through and eventually had to give up. Aside from the game breaking issues that occurred on numerous campaigns (corruption over half way through or glitches to disable hero spells) the negative perception of Ubisoft as being deaf to quality control concerns, that go back until at least their last rushed out, glitch-laden iteration of this franchise, has turned me off to the game.I'm a super nerd and tried. I love turn-based so am as patient as you would expect of a player of these kinds of games but to have such a poor product with a company who holds such a poor record behind it has ruined what I had hoped would be at least a 400+ hr love affair.Back to Bethesda it seems. At least they give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the people who buy rather than how many of us purchase. Who knew that the classic philosophy of building a quality product to attract consumers would win out..."
76561197993723642,Not Recommended,321960,20024710,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Evarr Slipstream,"Well, it saddens me, but oh how I wish another company would get this title from UBIcrap.  The fact that the battles are in way zoom out mode and everyone is tiny and crappy looking... the fact there is zero attention to details, animations, etc.  There's no choices in level up of monsters now, its just utter crap in every which way.  I have played heroes of M&M since the first one.  At least in VI the animations were cool, the combat was much closer up to the characters and the battlefield, the skills were better... even though it had a bunch of issues too, not enough factions, the monsters were not really correct etc.  I completely wasted $60 on this.  Its made me so incredibly angry I can't even express it.Ubisoft is imo, one of the 3 top worst game companies in the world for game quality and support.  They push titles out the door to make their quick buck, soiling the name of long standing games without a care.  They hardly bother to fix bugs, add content, or even bother to have content on release.Stay AWAY from this version of HOMM and pray someone else can get the rights."
,Not Recommended,321960,21518085,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Minogame,Uplay is the worst thing that could be created since the formation of this planet.
76561198043972659,Recommended,321960,20067937,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RP01/107,"Decent game, not the best of the series but they have improved on the balance of the necroplis faction.5/10 would recommend buying if on sale."
76561198014329483,Recommended,321960,20065892,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,lemon,i spread the love for you M&M
,Recommended,321960,21221465,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Baht,"Its heroes, what more you want?"
76561198041143647,Recommended,321960,19372219,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Moturaja,ver1.5 still buggy. saved games do not always preserve skills. have a level 21 haven character w/ mastery in three and no individual skills. WTF??
76561198008098582,Not Recommended,321960,21137471,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,bobhoadley,I love the M&M series and own every game that has been made.  I liked the direction that they were taking starting with M&M V  and thought M&M VI was a step in the right direction.  But this version feels like a step back to M&M 1 & 2 with the small icons representing structures in the environment ruining the immursion. In early games these short cuts made sense as the graphics of the time could not handle that much more.  But they have had the ability to build better environments for some time as can be seen in M&M V and M&M VI so I simply don't get the vast departure from a formula that worked in this version.I purchased the game when it first came out but so hated the current direction with the artwork on the maps that I asked for and was granted a Steam refund.  I hope others provide this developer with similar feedback as I still love the series but will not purchase another game until they do something to improve the main map.
,Recommended,321960,34417250,Posted: 22 August,all,DarkPaladin,"The game offers very good gameplay and visuals.It does have some serious bugs, but that doesn't mean it's not enjoyable. Actually, it's my favorite game from Might & Magic Heroes franchise.What I regret most is the bugs themselves, UPlay linking and the fact that this game will be no further developed, in spite of the very large room for improving.The game is very good, though. I loved it!"
76561198006478921,Recommended,321960,19226885,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,AngelOfWaR,"This game still broken for Multiplayer Game even after 1.04, but game getting better"
76561198134833691,Not Recommended,321960,21493959,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Robin.Lavers,"The new combat mechanics (flanking) would only make sense in units have zones of control which they don't... Game is also super ugly compared to 6... AI is awful and campaigns don't feel like any real effort has gone into making them interesting. I loved 6... 7 just feels super rushed and forced, No love in the microscopic details that make games good. The only thing about the game I thought was an improvement was the town tree."
76561198047151702,Recommended,321960,25476912,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,- Pyo -,"Been playing heroes since #2. Never been one to play lots of the single player campaigns, much as it is with this one, so my review is purely based on the multiplayer/hotseat systemIt's okay, just okay. The tears of Asha make the game end automatically, which sucks, I want to have to figure out through obelisks as to where it is located and have an advantage over my opponent in that retrospect, or have to fight super tactfully to counteract it.The AI is incredibly stupid, even on the hardest difficulty, (haven't played in ages so that MAY have changed but highly unlikely) not to mention the sheer resources the hardest difficulty gets so quickly makes absolutely no sense, i agree, game is meant to be hard, but when you have 2 weeks worth of Champions in the first month, i mean come on, where did you find these magical resources? Like i said though, could come wipe me out or put pressure but too stupid to engage.6/10"
76561198045016370,Recommended,321960,29818799,Posted: 10 February,all,andres_chion,"This is actually a case where you really shouldn't judge the comments of others in the reviews. I mean, I was hesitant about buying this game, seeing the ""mixed reviews"" and all. In the end I am actually glad i went ahead and bought it. It's been lots of fun for me and I am looking forward to finish the game.For this review, I am only focusing on the campaign.I just love it over Might and Magic 6 and, I might dare say even 5, as not only it gives you several stories interconnected in an overarching narrative. but the context is just great. Duke Ivan is meditating a deal made by another duke and he summons forth a council of characters (including Anastasia from MM6) he asks for their opinion and each of the councilors proceeds to narrate a story that will enlighten him. There is something cheesey and charming about this. be it the back and forth banter between. It is a great oportunity for world building as well as having different settings for each of the tales.The gameplay is an improvement from the previous games. While the inferno faction is absent here, the sylvans and academy make a return. The classes are still pretty fun to play and each come with their own particular passive (rather than actve ability) that adds a uniqueness to the faction. Necromancers still revive skeletons and banshees after every combat, making them ""more sustainable"". Elves do more damage the more they hit the same unit in a turn. Haven has this thing for leadership and high morale and so on.Units are still the same, and in some cases, feels like a callback to previous games, and in a good way. They each have their strengths, weaknesses and upgrades. Each faction can has 2 champion units, one of which you will produce. While I love having dual units choices.The heroes part is better than previous game. The game features a sort of dial system with about 10 different ability ""trees"" to select of, six of which can be raised up to ""master"" level and three of which can reach ""perfect"" level. Each of those brings in bonuses to certain occasions, such as making a certain spell more effective or allowing warfare units to attack more. Also I am glad they got rid of the pointless morality system of the previous game.Bottomline. I am so far enjoying this game. It has brought hours of entertainment and look forward for finishing the game just to see how it wraps up"
76561198036063365,Not Recommended,321960,22090264,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Aspen,not worth buying till they fix the bugs. can't fight a second battle without hlaf your troops disapearing. making it not worth playing.
,Recommended,321960,27074804,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AndreyXback,"This is the real deal! Been a fan of the franchise since I was a kid. This game brought back the quantity over quality (unlike Heroes 6). All in all, best one so far, however, I wish there could be an inferno campaign."
,Recommended,321960,29134619,Posted: 8 January,all,rtfcacc,"I bought this game pretty early but start to play it recently. There are still some bugs now but the game is ok to play. It is a surprise to me that I enjoyed the game pretty much after having read so many negative reviews. I hope the game can be further optimized. A typical bug I found and took advantage of, is the magic Blizzard which always to lock melee ranged enemy inside the 4x4 blizzard region if the enemy creature finds that it cannot move to a target within one turn. And I don't know whether it is my own experience or not that the AI seems pretty weak even if you choose the strongest one."
76561197995670983,Recommended,321960,22171056,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,gord0,"I am working my way through the first campaign. So far, I am enjoying a lot of the mechanics of the game. I like bonuses to attacks based on enemy facing. I like the quick combat option for trivial fights, but appreciate the option to take control and re-play a battle if the auto losses are unacceptable.I am really enjoying the narrative style of the story. That is to say, that each campaign is literally a story being told and you, as the player, are immersed in a tale of past deeds.So far no horrible bugs.I have been playing this series since the beginning and this game is meeting my expectations for a HoMM game!"
76561198056812014,Recommended,321960,29073898,Posted: 6 January,all,Nep Nep,"I saw a lot of negative feedback so I didn't expect much from this game. However I was surprised how good the game was and I really enjoyed playing it. Fortunately much better game than Heroes 6 was and finally a game that I play rather than Heroes 5.Cons are that it had few strange bugs now and then and crashed 1 or 2 times but nothing untolerable.This game got a lot of negative feedback back when it was released due to many bugs and crashes. After that it had a lot of patches that made the game better. Now this game lives in the shadows of those early negative feedbacks. If you liked Heroes 3 and 5, you should like this one."
76561198091910644,Recommended,321960,24754252,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Eillmoon,it works well now.
,Recommended,321960,24749703,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,RCT ~ Xtobal,"Great game yet it could use a little bit of fixing..I found hard to get used to the camera compared to Heroes V and VI for some reason,but yet it's a great addition to the Heroes Series."
76561198016299542,Recommended,321960,24762247,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,zap1989,"It had a few glitches; seems to be much better after the most recent update.  I like it much better than 6.  The AI is still not that great, but it has improved with the patches.Overall I enjoy it"
76561197993299430,Recommended,321960,29122747,Posted: 8 January,all,SquishyEye,"I think it's an improvement over the previous sequel.I hated how they dumbed it down ""for the masses"" in the previous game - by combining all special resources into one type, and by letting you convert any town to your faction, and be able to teleport around all over.Heroes VII brought back the 4 special resources, (although they are not the original 4), you can't convert towns (yay), and you can only teleport once to the nearest town.There were a few stupidly hard moments in the campaign but after restarting the level once or twice, and after adjusting my strategy, i was able to get past them. And that's a good thing for this game - it forces you to rethink what you're doing.Everything else is standard Heroes fare. Yes, the campaign is silly, but that's not really why you play these types of games now is it.I don't know why there are so many negative reviews - it holds up true to its name, and at worst this game is ""meh"" but not a *bad* game at all. I've been there for every single one of the Heroes games from the very beginning - and i can't say i was in any way disappointed with this one."
,Recommended,321960,28915747,Posted: 1 January,all,Ninjafox66,"This game is the ultimate nerd game (besides anything Star Wars).Campaign: 8.5/10The Campaign is intersting and engaging. Lets you play through 3 stories from all of the main factions.Gameplay: 10/10It may be a bit confusing if you are new to M&M Hero games, but the tutorial easily fixes that. It keep alot of the old game mechanics well adding some new ones (troop placement, new rescources, etc.)Graphics: 8/10The graphics arent the best but they are still awesome.Factions: 10/10Keeping some of the older factions like Haven, it also brings new ones to the table. I personally enjoy each faction, and each has it's own strengths and weakness.I have played all the M&M Hero Games since the third and this has got to be my favorite. Overall I would give this game a 9.8/10 and highly recommend it."
,Recommended,321960,18270808,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Tehgnarr,"So I read alot of ""Not recommend"" reviews and decided to offer some counterpoints, since it feels like some of those are not really well argued and written after 30 min or so of playing. Sure, it does not top Homm3, but I doubt that any new Homm ever will.  So I recommend this game to any fan of the series and here is why:+ Looks good (way better than 6, due to Unreal engine)+ Campaign is interesting+ Towns are not the cluster♥♥♥♥ that Heroes 6 offered. This includes the looks, the upgrade tree (magic guild are back, choices which buildings to make / upgrade etc), ressources (7 this time) and overall design+ New units+ Characterprogression way better than Heroes 6Negatives:- Weird cutscenes (3D-Models that are not animated with a voiceover - looks really cheap)- Combat tooltips wrong sometimes (units retaliate even though the tooltip says they wont)- Objectives not always clear (talking about campaign)To adress some of the complaints in other reviews: I didnt have one crash in about 7,5h of playing. The sounds in combat do feel sluggisch, thought higher tier units tend to have way more satisfying sfx. Yes, Uplay, whatever, doesnt really bother me.All in all: if you are interested and can afford it without hesitation, you should pick this game up and enjoy it for what it is: a solid Heroes expirience and a huge upgrade from part 6. Else just wait until it goes on sale."
76561198062681289,Recommended,321960,18294247,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,tmeravy,"I've played two campaigns so far and the betas, and I can so far recommend the game. I don't have any problem with it. No bugs, no crashes. I like the improved hero leveling system, the unit design, and the campaign story. As for the graphics: well, it's cheap and simple, but since when has a HoMM game been about super graphics? I'm sorry for the guys who expect a HOMM game to be produced on a budget the size of Call of Duty. Don't listen to all the nerds and spoiled fanboys who are able to damn a game after 10 minutes of gameplay and measure HOMM by its graphics. That's really just poor judgement."
76561198037060151,Recommended,321960,24431877,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Parttous,"TL;DR at the end of the review.After reading all the negative reviews I have to write my own.Heroes VII gets rid of all those gimmicks from the previous title that we didn't need or want and returns the core features from older games, like more resources. The core gameplay is still mostly the same (you build your town, level up heroes, train troops, conquer enemies and so forth) and hasn't changed for the better or worse.The units in this game, at least to me, look a lot more interesting and overall better than those of Heroes VI. Nothing still beats Heroes III.Othervise the visuals have improved slightly and are now up to par with other similar games. However, due to the nature of the 3d environment, it his sometimes harder to distinguish objects in the map and battle screen.The sound in the game is, well, bad. The units don't really have very unique voices and sound effects like they had in every previous Heroes game. This is also made more clear when you speed up the game; some sounds can no longer be heard and others become unrecognizeable mess. The music, however, is among the best in the series.The game has its share of bugs. I have encountered nothing game-breaking, but some annoyance may occur, when, for example, an enemy units model suddenly goes underground and you can no longer interact with it until it moves again.Probably the worst ""feature"" in the game is forcing another layer of DRM, the uplay launcher. Ubisoft, we don't want it, don't force it on us!TL;DRPros: Removed the gimmicks of Heroes VI, added features missing from previous games missing in VI.Units are interesting once more.The music and visuals are good.Retains the feeling of the series.Cons: Bad sounds.BugsUplay DRMAI isn't very brightIt's not Heroes IIIAll in all, it's a decent addition to the franchise. If you loved Heroes III, don't get your hopes up, no game in the franchise can reach the level of III, II and V. However, if you liked V and hated VI, you might just find this one to your liking.I'd give it a 6-7/10."
76561198304336421,Recommended,321960,29051399,Posted: 5 January,all,tiongwl,"I like H5 the best. H7 is not bad, at least better than H6.There is not much replayability and not much new maps in DLC even after 1 year. Buy only when there is a discount."
76561198023761814,Not Recommended,321960,18296229,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,rhettrongun,"At first it seemed to be a solid entry into the Heroes series. Playing with the ""random"" option for hero skill improvements makes progression very similar to pre-VI games. It actually feels somewhat like HoMM3.I have only played sandbox skirmishes, as I don't care much for campaigns in these games.I was very pleased to see that UBI brought back the 4 rare resources instead of just crystals. They also got rid of the ""main hero"" feature from what I can tell. Again, I am happy about the revision.At first I only thought that the SFX were atrocious. Upon closer inspection though, I've realized that the entire game is lacking. IMHO the graphics are WORSE than the 10 year old HoMM5. Lame spell effects!The combat is less interesting also. There are fewer caster units. Take genies for example. Instead of being able to hurl blesses/debuffs from afar, they have to attack in order to implement their debuff.They took a step or two forward from HoMM6, but then took several backwards. This is a bad product as is. I'll keep an eye out for patches, because it still has some potential based on the core game and a nice map editor. I'll probably give HoMM5 another go in the meantime."
76561198053340176,Recommended,321960,18598975,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,sirgoldi,"Yes, the game has bugs. Some are really serious, as in missions not being able to be finnished. And some are just annoying.But if you are able to cope with those (patches are getting out on a regular base) you get a really enjoyable game. The cutscenes are ... not anything you really talk about in regards of state of the art, but they still tell the story that is the background for the game in a way where you just want to continue to see what the next map will bring.Now to the actual gameplay:- the missions offer a high variety of goals (not just capture all towns etc.),- scripted events actually surprise you, sometimes in a positive way sometimes with a groan- the combats run smoothly, the units are balanced and with the skillwheel you don't just go the old heroes VI cookie cutter buildsSo if you can look past all the naysayers and give the actual game a try you will soon find yourself facing the old problems heroes always had. Just another turn till I go to sleep...Oh and I didn't have a single crash so far (Been playing since release)."
,Recommended,321960,18367506,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MeTaNoV,"As a Heroes series fan, I was forced to play this opus!As many already have reported, quite a lot of bugs comes with the first release, but the game is still playable if you are curious enough to find a way to circumvent it!The maps are nicely designed, the game mechanics is globally pleasant.We just need to be a bit patient to wait for an optimal version!"
,Not Recommended,321960,20635251,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,itaysh82,So bad and bugged I'm embarrassed for you Ubisoft.
76561198006883238,Recommended,321960,18315381,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,patram81,"I have owned every version of this game, and I’m thoroughly enjoying this one. I’m fortunate in that I have experienced no major crashes or other problems, from the first time I played everything worked well.I did have had an episode where the game froze, but fortunately that was after I saved the game so I just forced the game to close, and I was able to start from my save point with no problem.Obviously there are real problems with the game, and many people are experiencing them. I hope the issues are fixed soon.I’m running the game on a fairly high end MSI Gaming machine 64 Bit with 16 gigs of RAM, using windows 8.1.I won’t use Window 10 until they have time to fix all the bugs (or as Microsoft would say “features”)"
76561197981147515,Not Recommended,321960,21287181,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Flowys,The quality of the game is 1/5 of its price:♥♥♥♥♥♥balance and AI.
,Not Recommended,321960,22583569,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,STRIDeR,И этот выкидыш продают за 2 тысячи...
76561197997577179,Not Recommended,321960,19861775,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,dholbach,Thought I wouldn't get hit with the bugs people mentioned but my savegame constantly bugged so can't play this game.
76561198109347675,Not Recommended,321960,22084612,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,bitar,"I did not want to believe the negative reviews. I thought everyone was just being too picky and spoiled. So I went ahead and made the purchase.14 mins . That's how long I decided to keep playing. This game isnt just bad - it is almost unplayable.I would consider buying it for $2.99 or less just to say that have the complete HOMM collection.I strongly recommend against buying this game. Everything from graphics, gameplay, performance etc - all are 3/10 or less. What a shame . ."
76561198009198335,Not Recommended,321960,21204343,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Cam4759,Feels like a racing car game i'm crashing that oftern
76561198007372031,Not Recommended,321960,21590126,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Telfram,"Ummmm, just Ummmmm.Expected better from a AAA title with a supposed AAA publisher.Graphics better suited to pre 2010, static cutscences, come on its 2015-16.Even Heroes Might and Magic III had animated cutscences."
76561198021870071,Recommended,321960,18898594,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Mrdjwood,"Easily the best heroes game since HOMM3. Depth of strategy available is good and the game avoids the repetitiveness that was HOMM6. Most immersive, as with many games in the series; Just one more turn..Yes there were some early bugs, for example initial loading took half a minute longer than it should and the occasional crash. These were hardly game breaking and in any case they have been fixed now."
76561198071324731,Recommended,321960,21090691,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Pharaoh,need more work but it has a chance still i think if given a good work over
76561197972510887,Recommended,321960,23464871,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Sprifir,I like this a lot better then Heroes VI. So far better storyline and I love the change for developing your town. That interface is pretty awesome! Will update more as I play.
76561198009296247,Recommended,321960,22806603,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Dugem,"♥♥♥♥KK With this UBISOFT, very bad service, dont ever play the game from them againgot banned because of my faulty computer and malware, is very stupid the support is very♥♥♥♥♥♥no support at alllhell, i am going to report my credit card for FRAUD for this product from ubisoft"
76561198171433802,Not Recommended,321960,21766731,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,jape61,"its slow as a wet week, constantly crashes, but apart from that its rubbish"
76561198000527122,Recommended,321960,18289381,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kregah,"So far im really enjoying this, havent had any crashes with the game but the map editor has crashed once but in general its working wellthe random map editor is pretty sweet too, i wish it had a little more options when creating maps but hopefully it will be added later on. the maps its creates are totally playable and all i just miss a little more complex ones but you can always edit the random maps after they are created to make them even betterthis seems alot more promising than homm6 wich i enjoyed too id recommend this if youre a homm fan like me you will most likely enjoy this"
76561197972624333,Recommended,321960,28738690,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,djfearless,"I don't understand what all the bad reviews are all about. Though i did enjoy the story of 6 more, 7 isnt bad and the graphics are better and the game runs just fine. If you liked Heroes 5 and 6 you will most likely enjoy this title. Well worth the price if its on sale.  7/10"
76561198123652235,Recommended,321960,18353529,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Decstarr,"I played all Heroes' since part 3 and so far, this is the best one to me (I have exclusively played the Campaign so far!).The game is still almost as buggy as during the last Beta. Most of the bugs I encountered were of the game breaking nature and forced me to restart the respective mission. But I never had problems loading into the game and it didn't crash on me even once. Therefore, I am not overly affected by the bugs since having to restart a mission might be a big annoying but at the same time it is nothing horrible and allows you to optimize your farming pattern and readjust skillbuilds of the heroes.Publishing a game with so many problems shouldn't be done and can be considered an insult to the customers. Yet, I am still recommending the game because the campaign is beautifully crafted, the mission design is pretty awesome and you instantly get sucked in by the typical Heroes of Might and Magic charme that makes it so hard to stop playing.If you liked the other Heroes of Might and Magic games and if you do not care too much about missing animations during what ""could"" be called cut-scenes if there were animations, you will enjoy this. If all you want to do is ride around, collect stuff, build huge armies and strong heroes, then you WILL enjoy this game. The pace during the campaign is quite high, which is why this game clearly is NOT RECOMMENDABLE for beginners. There is no tutorial whatsoever, no introduction to mechanics, if you never played a game of this genre, you might be overwhelmed and pretty helpless. As a HOMM veteran, I think that is awesome, since you are just thrown right into the big epic fights!One downside that has to be mentioned is the quite horrible AI. The fights are far from ""hard"" and even playing on heroic, you can easily defeat ""deadly"" enemies if you know how to play. The AI moves around confusedly, suicide attacks sometimes (without doing too much damage) and generally just isn't a real challenge. But then again, since HOMM3: AB no Heroes was really challenging and I still liked them, simply because the story is interesting."
76561197993273145,Recommended,321960,23207345,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,CaleighD,"A fantastic game through and through, this is what VI should have been!"
76561198029374689,Not Recommended,321960,18940900,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,sougata777,"This is the death of my beloved franchise. I loved playing H3 and H5. Barely played H6 and had high hopes for H7. I bought the Deluxe version and installed the game. Requested a refund after fighting the first battle. The graphics: in a word, AWFUL. I know the game is about strategy and not eye-candy, but come on...this is 2015. If H5 could manage the graphics it did, H7 should have been able to better it. I simply cannot bear to look at this blurry mess that used to be my favorite game of all time."
76561198032098916,Recommended,321960,32018624,Posted: 28 May,all,Roderan,this game would be truly great if it actually ♥♥♥♥ing worked.
76561198002811076,Recommended,321960,29104885,Posted: 7 January,all,wizardfire,Long time fan of the series.  another good installment.  If your rusty its a steep learning curve.
76561198082834165,Recommended,321960,19129491,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,gtlordd7,"Ok, how hard is it to make Heroes 3, with unreal 3 software?Keep it simple:1. Nine factions, 3 good, 3 neutral, 3 Evil.2. Six schools of magic, Light, Dark, Air, Water, Earth, Fire.3. Upgrading your Castle,  Make it Simple to see and easy to understand.Why use Heroes 3  as the example? Beacuse Most of you customers Play the seires Because of Heroes 3.I am picking Recommend so people will try it, and maybe one day you will figure it out."
76561198009759461,Recommended,321960,18319502,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,matthew giles,"this game isnt getting lots of bad reviews but i for one am realy enjoying it. i started playing this series when number 2 came out and would consider myslef a fan of EVERYONE of them.I admit its is very buggy 2 the point of sometimes it crashs/wont start or when quests dont want 2 complete, this gets very annoying but im sure these problems will b ironed out.uplay has always annoyed the hell out of me in m&mh6 and settlers but thankfully it has been updated and ive touch wood had no problems yet.yes the cut seens are 2d but the campaign map has been improve i would say, best way to describe it is not so shinny but more dirty to the point of more realistic.if your a fan and dont just like looking for problems buy it.if u want flashy 3d matrix style runs like demon blow your mind type game i would give it a miss."
76561198203064409,Recommended,321960,18289538,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,jan,"It works on my laptop, no crashes or glitches here. Graphics are nice. Plays like a true Heroes game. Story feels kinda stupid with those people around the table though."
76561198006546497,Recommended,321960,18303283,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Autism Simulator,"(I`ve played the game for 28 hours since release, mostly map editor. And spend 10-15 ish hours on the forums about solving issues about the game)This game is not for you if you don`t want to be a beta tester. If money is short, dont buy it. Do you want to have fun and play a game, dont buy it yet. This game is not ready to be released at this time. The game is a real gem and i have faith in the small team of developers to make this game a succes. The editor is amazing and the campaign is a lot of fun (only played first missions on Sylvan and Stronghold). But there are so much glaring issues (corrupt save games, random crashes, stability issues, game breaking bugs in campaign. That i wish the developers took 3 more months at least to solve those issues.Do i regret buying the game. No. Because it was as expected after playing 2nd beta one month ago. It has great potential but we are not there yet."
76561198010550611,Not Recommended,321960,19862978,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,popkin,"I just got this game with 50% off. Let me tell you - it's worth nothing.I played all Heroes and love them (even VI was OK) but this game is not finished.I'm confident it will never be finished from what I can see. The one thing drive me crazy at most - tooltips. The UI is huge (sure there is no scaler) and mouse over on any object pops huge tooltip blocking my view and there is NO way to stop popups. There is option to delay popups up to 2sec but..  its not working. Plus this option should NOT effect right mouse click tooltip but it does!  So all you have it's flashing tooltips all over the screen blocking, chasing (aka smart moving) your mouse, randomly delayed (setting seems to be not working correctly) and having size of popup add. And as always uplay garbage is strong with this game..."
76561198005790326,Recommended,321960,19099688,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Phaggamemnon,"Ok after reading all the Negative reviews I was very worried however, I remember when HoMM VI came out. It was full of bugs and it took them MONTHS to get that game working right. I'd say at least 6 months? Now is this how games should be realeased? NO! but, it is what it is. This game does have some bugs but it has far fewer then HoMM VI had when it came out.This game feels like HoMM VI.5 which I am ok with. I loved that game and this one feels like a prettier version with some nice updates to mechanics etc. I haven't gotten far enough to comment on the total game but so far I like what I've played so far.My computer is about 3 or 4 years old now? It was pretty top end then but this game does try it at some times. I am rebuilding after christmas.I am happy with my purchase I think you will be too."
76561198006670355,Recommended,321960,18307518,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,gandalfthegrey,"This game is extremely entertaining in its current state.  The in-game graphics are impressive and I have yet to encounter a crash or display issue.  I did encounter a campaign bug, but that should get fixed in a patch.I have not tried multiplayer or the editor.  I am just interested in the campaign portion.  Athough I too don't really like UPlay  I would purchase this game again.  It's not perfect but there is a lot to enjoy."
76561198031536900,Recommended,321960,18826343,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ryan.quiles,"At its core, there is a fun game here.  The creature abilities are interesting and the battles are fun.  Further, when you're just going around stomping creatures on the map, the auto batttle is handy; if you lose more troops than you care to accept, you can still choose to fight the battle manually.  I like the ability wheel in this game more than I liked the ability selection in any of the prior games.However... it does have issues.  The low performance on this game is insane.  The graphics are suitable, but that's it. There's no reason it should run as slowly as it does.  The cut scenes?  At first I actually thought they weren't playing correctly because I have an older computer.  However, I got online and started reading and realized that no, there is no animation.  Is that just laziness?  Did Ubi think they developed such a good game that there was no need for animation, that the story would speak for itself?  It's just an oddly lazy decision to decide not to animate the game.If you're a big Heroes fan, go ahead and buy this; it can be enjoyable.  If not... well, move along, nothing to see here.  This should not be somebody's introduction to the Heroes franchise.  Heroes III, V or VI would be much better.I will give this a tentative recommendation."
76561198007009914,Not Recommended,321960,21136305,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Captain Darian Frey,"Just horrible. Bad graphics, bad cenematics, bad story...."
76561198021797822,Not Recommended,321960,24681676,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,psytic,runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥cant even get into the game
,Not Recommended,321960,19852349,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Nyard Lane,Lackluster at best. It looks worse than HOMM V.
76561198165649721,Not Recommended,321960,22616963,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,hinternseherhansi,To install this game you have to register.None of my choosen names worked.I couldn't even install the game.Therefore I canceled the purchase and returned this game back to the abyss.
76561198004063622,Recommended,321960,19568463,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Heavy Rain,"i play all the games Heroes1,2,3,4,5,6,7 and this is the one that i like the most after heroes 4 that game was the best game iv ever play"
76561197989172681,Recommended,321960,25518872,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,dEBuSsY,Im playing Heroes for more than 15 years and i think Heroes VII is one of the best ones.
76561198045112333,Not Recommended,321960,20007247,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Uncle Meat,"Terrible.  All the way around.  They really have stunk this series up since HOMM 3.  All they had to do was update HOMM 3 and not clutter it all up with terrible graphics, confusing UI ... simply terrible."
76561198077246826,Not Recommended,321960,21536533,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,♥,one word : bad
76561198042741844,Not Recommended,321960,18330884,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,IRON HIDE,ending is bugged
,Recommended,321960,18262399,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Leoben,"Presently about to complete the third mission in the Haven campaign and so far I have been enjoying it thoroughly. I haven't experienced any issues with Uplay or performance (Win 7 64bit, i5 2500k, GTX 560 Ti). Too early to make conclusive judgments as to where it stands relative to the other Heroes titles but I feel it is a step up from 5 & 6. I give every Heroes game a shot and this one is just fun to play and that is all I was hoping for.Edit 05/Oct/2015:The Haven campaign was mostly fine. The only issue was not being able to assign the ultimate skills to certain heroes that were picked up on the third mission.Now having started the Sylvan campaign I came across more unforgiving problems. The main issue for me was that save games started to get corrupted on the third Sylvan mission. I essentially had to play through that entire mission with certain 'checkpoints'. By that I mean that there were certain savegames that would work but most of them wouldn't. So If your game crashed for whatever reason you would have to restart at that 'checkpoint' which in my case was about an hour behind my current point in the mission.Another issue is the AI. While playing on Heroic I never encountered the AI using the special abilities of the creatures.TDLR: With the above issues in mind I would say that the game has potential in terms of gameplay but  requires quite a bit of polish to iron out some of these very annoying bugs."
,Recommended,321960,24067692,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Melodramatic Toe,"First off let me begin by saying, Ubisoft, If you really want to screw us that much can we at least ask that you use a little lube... We are starting to get sore :(The community knows what the 7 core factions are: Humans, Elves, Dark Elves, Demons, Wizards, Undead and Orcs so can you please, PLEASE stop releasing piecemeal games. I for one am tired of it. If you want to add others, like Naga glorifying the flowing grace of Shalassa or a return of the dwarves as worshippers of Arkath or even some mysterious new faction who turn to the impetuousness of Ylath in the abscence of the humans then go right ahead. We only ask that you add them as extras, hell even as DLC, I know I'd jump on that like a bunny with hiccups.HAVING SAID ALL THAT... Credit where it is due, in its current state Heroes VII is a vast improvement over its predecessor and pretty close to to it's far superior ancestors: Heroes III and V (I haven't played IV so apologies to all the fans. Personally my favourite of all time was II)So all in all, its perfectly fine, and quite a nice bastion of safety for those disillusioned with Heroes VI. However, Ubisoft, if you are going to make an VIIIth installment (and lets face it, you will) could you at least heed my words and the words of a great number of the community, and do it right!"
76561198024304653,Recommended,321960,27630384,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AlDaniel,A worthwhile entry in the franchise even though it is full of bugs and the publisher gave up on the game.
76561198133845992,Not Recommended,321960,33324979,Posted: 6 July,all,Blitzwing,"Warning quick combat is messed up here !You can choose always quick combat or optional.neutral it works, you can choose fight by yourself or in quick combatvs AI ""other players"" forces quick combat is disabled ! You cant fight them in quick combat.really in no heroes ever before was it so extremely done bad.You could always during a match vs AI choose if quick combat is enabled or disabled.But not here, thats extremely messed up."
76561198044026068,Recommended,321960,18258529,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Captain Wizard,As a fan of this series since HOMM 3 I have been truly enjoying this game.  Closer to 3 than any game since I look forward to playing this through in the comming weeks.  If you are a fan you should be able to have fun playing this newest inception.
76561198038548482,Recommended,321960,18251522,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,xXxAngelxXx,"I ignored all the nonesense people said about this game and bought it today and played it .I can say I like this game very much . I did played all other heroes games from heroes 1 , 2 , 3 and the newer games.This game is very good . remind me of the old games. I like the camp story.Play the game min on hard diff and above in order to actually pick your fights and think about what skills you want to use.Pro:Good looking gamesmooth gameplayrunning it 1080p 60fps and it never lagsok voice acting ( i like the tribes voices loll)your have anamations when you fight . you can see how the archares drow their arrows etcc.cool looking spellsCons :so far i didnt found any of them .very good game !"
76561198009410713,Not Recommended,321960,18262376,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,✪ TonyMalony,tutorial?????
,Recommended,321960,24768014,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Cablenexus,"DISCLAIMERTime in game is wrong. Since I own the game on Uplay and since I own the DLC Trial by Fire, Steam time is not counted.I'm not a Ubisoft fanboy. I don't get paid writing reviews in broken English for games. from no one.There aren't that much games lately that keeps me interested enough to write about them and recommend them to others, or friends.Since I'm hooked to Homm VII lately and start loving the game more the more I play I love to share my story about the game, why I like it so much all with respect for all fans who are dissapointed by the game, Ubi or the dev team who created this masterpiece.Homm III was one of my first games and it was for sure the first game I played night over night on my 15"" CRT screen in 16 bit color with the manual on my desk and the creature card pinned on my wall.It was amazing to see creatures I only knew from boardgames coming to life on my screen while I was able to hunt for treasure and monsters in a random generated land full with little things to explore.I still love to play it with the Hota or WOG mod, maybe even will try VCMI one day when it's more stable and I love the HD mod which makes it possible that I can play the game fullscreen in 1680 x 1050 resolution.I was a fan of Homm IV as well. It was my second Homm game and I think they managed to make an amazing game and story for that time. I did not get back to it after playing some of the campaigns and the lack of RNG was not good for the long livity of the game I think.Homm V was mixed for me. 3D engines that time did not render detailed graphics. I loved the 2D art in Homm III and IV and V was just a bit too blocky for me. I was not impressed, but together with the later DLC, the improved random map generator and the Homm V 1/2 mod it's a pleasure to come back to that game again.I don't want to write much about VI. I was not a fan. Game was too streamlined imho, too casual, or better say too cartoony, and I missed the atmosphere and nostalgia from III and IV again. I did not played VI very much even not with the later DLC. But graphics in VI was improved and the UI was very well detailed and nicely done.I'm a real fan of the series, I own all possible collector's editions, I own some of the games on Steam, GoG and Uplay and already for over 15 years I compare every new released game with Homm III.Most close to this experience last year was an indie game with the name Thea. That was for the first in many years that a game was so gamers friendly that I fall in love with that game. You can read my review if you like.At the same time I played Homm III there was a very different game from a different genre I liked very much, but my PC was not capable of running it very well and I was stuck to the editor instead of the game. Unreal was the name. The editor to make your own 3D levels was delivered on CD and frequently updated which I have to download with a simple modem.Many times I thought as a child how cool would it be if someone will be able to recreate Homm III in the Unreal engine.The rest is history now because Limbic, the dev team of Homm VII, managed to create the closest Homm III experience available this moment in my favorite 3D engine. That means the game is fully open to MOD, is fully possible to script the hell out of things, is fully capable of importing your own lore etc etc.It's also a modern engine, with beautiful graphics if you ar able to run it. I can run it on a mediocore PC with a cheap AMD R7 video card and it runs ok. But not only the full 3D landscape with waterfalls, real dungeons, living trees and many buildings and resources is very charming, atmospheric and nice to look at. Also the Heropedia with all skecthes of units, unit models, stat lists etc is impressive. When you open the lore you see a enormous list of units and when you read bout them you get aware of that was just for one faction. All factions have a very complete list of units. And of course many neutrals, many spells, many skills with a new designed skill wheel and series of artifatcs to search for.Campaigns happens on a huge map with a different campaign for each faction. Each campaign have 4 - 6 scenarios and there are loads of skirmish missions and scenarios.All factions are present, over 50 heroes, and you encounter characters from III and IV in your journeys.Between scenarios and campaign maps you see animations, stills, sketches and it all works very nice together.Since latest patch you are able to create a simple skirmish map with a random generator from within the game as well. Those maps aren't very impressive in quality yet but the feature is just implemented. Random maps you can create from within the games editor are much better but take some time to generate and apply lightening to them. But when you save them and play them because everything is rendered already they are superfast to play and you have a totally new adventure.Battles are very diverse but always integrated in some way with the enviroment. The maps are much bigger then the battle maps in previous hero games. The tactical battles also have a much better strategical approach since you can flank your enemies now and have different skills for units to work together as a team. Those buffs can realy make a difference between an impossible game or a cakwalk even in the first few campaign scenarios.The campaign scenarios themself are fully handcrafted and you see incredinle designed bridges, dungeons, and landscapes with Wizard settlements you have to negotiate for right of passage or just planting suspicious seeds from Orcs in Elfs land. Open the Elven story map for the first time and you sit for your screen with your mouth open for a few moments when you see those details. It's really very nice done.In short I can recommend this new Heroes game. Not because I think it's a mediocore game for fans only but because it is an amazing game at it's own. I did not play any Multiplayer maps so in this review I did not judge any aspect of that.As a single player experience so far I love the game. Limbic is still improving the game. I'm sure the team was a huge fan of the series themselves and they created an great adventure.Original storyteller from Homm IV was involved to make some lost chapter campaigns and those campaign are integrated in the base game when you buy it. Those maps are great and the stories very good. You can even listen to some returned music tracks. The random map generator is included in the base game as well.To play as Fortress (Dwarves) you need the Trial by Fire DLC I reviewed yesterday."
,Recommended,321960,18273426,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lightking813,Okay so i'll start with what i liked that they had in this game from some of the others and so forth1. Formation (so you choose where the units start before you begin combat)2. The SkillsThere are some more but those were the main 2 i liked besides the hotkeysI quite like how streamline all the menus and inteface looks and worksGraphics where pretty good compared to the last gameVoice acting was okthe fact they don't move in cutscenes (though i think ubisoft just wanted to save money)Story is pretty alright for my taste at leastOverall i think the game is a Great game but still to some extent needs some work
76561198020975710,Not Recommended,321960,18262129,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Doriel,"I dont recommend this game,Pros: 1.Its copy like MM3 but better graphics..Cons: 1.UPLAY.2.Ruined the spells book.3.takes forever to load turns.and thats all i got from playing 10 minutes of the gameOh btw..10minutes=1 turn5000$ COMPUTER+HOMMVII = XP 95 With worst Graphic crard + Arma 3 with HIGHEST graphics."
,Recommended,321960,18264230,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,tttiger85,This game is exactly what they said it would be. We see references to the past games in the series primarily Heroes 2 and 3.   The campaign is very solid creating a very vivid story line.  As an advocate of the Heroes franchise I ask readers to bear in mind that most of the hate the game is recieving is from people with expectations beyond reality.  Old school players are not ready to believe Heroes 3 wasn't perfect.  This game still has some room to grow but here are my main highlights.Pro- engaging story line- reminicant of heroes 3- interesting creature line up and hero skill tree- see references to upcoming towns in campaign- return to learned spells- my game has not crashed- No need to connect to a 3rd party server- added resources- multiplayer works fine has a couple bugsCon- minor bugs: such as symbols not being present.- town building screens are a bit unimpressive- 1st tier creature value seems dispaportionate to upper tier creatures- music from previous heroes intermitantly would be nice to have
76561197995752211,Recommended,321960,18256086,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Woup,"I loved HMM2, was CRAZY about HMM3, wasn't impressed for HMM4, Didn't like HMM5, absolutly hated HMM6, and today i'm playing HMM7 with a lot of fear and doubts.First of all I played the campain for 5 min and i got a really bad feeling about it.They didn't even get the character animated  during the cinematic... WTF?!So it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and after about 15 min of campain i was like ""nononononononono i'm just gonna try a normal game""So i tried..and it was not too bad!-Graphism are not the greatest but it do the job (honestly i don't care about that for a HMM)-The good old system for the castles is back with the 7 different types of ressources (which is pretty cool)-the heroes upgrade is intuitive but i don't really like the wheel-I found the IA a bit slow, I played a 4 players map and  I sometimes have to wait a bit for my turn (even if i put the IA speed at 400%)-castles upgrade is nice and with a bit of tactics (but really not much)-good nostalgic feeling building up my 1000 skeletons before roaming on the map :D-auto combat available against neutral army i like it (and it sometimes play  better than me haha)So overall it's not too bad. Not the greatest HMM and i will most probably not touch the campaign before i got nothing left to do but definitly better than the crazy system from HMM6 and good enough for me to spend a lot of hours on it.I would still recommand it, and if i could give it a grade, I would say 6/10 maybe more if the campaign is good (but again i got a really bad impression of it)"
,Recommended,321960,18261974,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Discobox,"Its not great... nor is it bad. It's HOMM rehashed once again. It shouldn't be full price, that's for sure. However it's still classic MMH/HOMM. If it aint broke... don't fix it... at all!"
76561197989604671,Not Recommended,321960,22777387,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,bazbeej,Doesnt work. cant get beyond title screen. avoid.
76561197991699460,Not Recommended,321960,19576228,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,WeAllShotHarambe,Completely buggy. I'm amazed this game made it through alpha.
76561197970111051,Recommended,321960,18668940,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,PlainKnotty,"After reading the reviews for this game, I was extremely reluctant to purchase it.  I was going to take everyones advice and purchase it when it was on sale in a year or so.  There is a lot of hate for this game it seems, but I really wanted to immerse myself into this game like I have with it's predecessors.  I struggled with the notion of dropping full price for the game for nearly a week.   I finally gave into my urge despite the rhetoric about the game, and I can honestly say I'm having so much fun!  I'm glad I paid full price as this will encourage them to continue to build expansions for this awesome game, that I will happily pay for as soon as they are made available.  There is more strategy in this game than it's predecessors and this really excites me.   The skill wheel is awesome, and each hero  is actually more unique now than ever.  I'm so glad the elves are back because they have always been my favorite to play.  The elves are more enriched in this version than they ever have been!I must admidt I purchased the game after the patch and I do not play multiplayer mode so I can not account to the bugs expressed in that area of the game.  I haven't had any poor experiences with bugs yet.  Bugs will kill a game for me quickly, there have been a few great games, that i loved to play, have their playtime shortened due to bad bugs.  I have not come accross any game ending bugs for me, and thats what i fretted about the most after reading the reveiws.  I'm so glad, that i have a difficult time expressing in words at the moment, that I purchased this game.  In my opinion, It's the best version yet, and I welcome with open arms any DLC/Expansions!"
76561198052008301,Not Recommended,321960,19580635,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,tranquility,the game doesn't even turn on most of the times
,Recommended,321960,18264986,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Litoeon,"As a huge fan of the series since Homm2, I actually really like this game and how it has flourished. The single player campaign and the quick matches work fine to be expected and the Uplay doesn't really need to be messed with except the first time you run it. The problem is within the multiplayer online / LAN , my buddy and I got it to work ONCE flawlessly until my client crashed hard.with a few patches this game will be more than worth it guys, give it a little more time!9/10"
76561197995446006,Recommended,321960,18289231,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Elrick,"As a long time fan of the HOMM series, I have been really looking forward to this installment. And for the most part, I am not disappointed. There are a few things that I would guess will be addressed through future patches but overall, they aren't deal breakers for me. A lot of people had problems with the game launching on the first day. For myself, I found that it would only launch through steam if I first had Uplay running in the background. As of this moment, I still need to have UPlay up or it will not launch through steam. There is also a significant wait time when I first launching the game. It's a minor annoyance at best that I think will be fixed at some point.As far as graphics go, they aren't bad. The screenshots are a little deceiving thought. The game screen is not as crisp as the screen shots would lead you to believe. They aren't bad but they could be cleaned up a little. What I really like is the artwork and design of the creatures. It's not just a copy of creatures from previous games either. There is a nice variety of creatures that are decently animated, for this type of game. But I almost suspect that some of the screen shots were touched up a little.I'm not really deep into the campiagns yet but so far, this one seems slightly easier than some of the previous campaigns from earlier games. So far, I've only played it on normal difficulty so I can't really speak on other difficulties. So far, I haven't had to restart  a map because of being overwhelmed by the enemy too early. I haven't played through all of the faction campaigns yet so maybe I have just gotten lucky so far.  It's a decent challenge so far but not overwhelming. The main thing is that I am having fun with it and that's what it's really about for me. It definitely has that HOMM feel and I am enjoying it very much. I would definitely recommend it if you are a fan of these types of games."
76561198063999155,Not Recommended,321960,26365868,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,bryspug,ubisoft sucks
76561198052415512,Not Recommended,321960,19421614,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,sirryanofwales,Might and Magic Heroes V was great.Might and Magic Heroes VI was epic !But this.... This is♥♥♥♥♥♥its been fully released for months now and still has game breaking bugs. On top of it not being near as good of a game as the previous two in the series.
,Not Recommended,321960,24292022,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,zaimua？,play u
76561198001584783,Not Recommended,321960,31267104,Posted: 20 April,all,Tzar,can't log in can't do anything?????
,Recommended,321960,18312716,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Farkas,"It´s Heroes of Might and Magic nothing more or less. If you've already played Heroes 6 plus extensions through, than take this. I had no problems on my Laptop with an i7-3630qm, Geforce 670MX and 16 GB Ram."
76561198169265554,Recommended,321960,23872959,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sir Poops Alot,"I really like this game,  it is not alot of content in terms of maps but theres mods for that add more and it got humor. its not the best game in the series but its not bad at all, if you think it lacks contnet then welcome to 2016 where every game is fairly♥♥♥♥♥♥and they just wanna make money, anywayss i  really like it :D"
76561198035689228,Recommended,321960,29509911,Posted: 26 January,all,Yarrctopus,i read tons of people write bad about this game personally i really enjoyed it and have only ran into a few bugs but nothing that was game changing.
76561198072031377,Recommended,321960,30976933,Posted: 6 April,all,Shin Jimin,Well aceptable !
76561197992983320,Recommended,321960,25944814,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CELEZE,Great game!!! Played all of them from heroes I
76561198036387118,Not Recommended,321960,20597155,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,rufuswho42,"Terrible. It just shuts my whole PC off.Cannot play, do want money back."
76561198087853180,Recommended,321960,32165719,Posted: 3 June,all,dadasarson,I have a problem the games stops running all the time.  What is up with that?
76561198212605888,Recommended,321960,23388114,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jessbrooke,A Might and Magic heroes game has finally managed to achieve proper game balance. Its about time!
76561198050520793,Recommended,321960,25776582,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,0v3rm1nD,"A great succesor to the series. I find the game quite enjoyable and I think Limbic has done a great job (as she did with Might & Magic X) given the circumstances and the budget of the game. I haven't encountered any bugs, the game runs smoothly and I strongly suggest to any fan of the old games to try this one too. Have fun!"
76561197974936290,Recommended,321960,18264425,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Raider_manhc,"nice graphics and a good AI for once, makes the games more diffifcult actually, nice campaigns build, and in all really well done, i was skeptical when played the beta but this game turned out quite good, there are some small issues that good be better like camera options ( like zoomin in more and turning the cam with mouse).The game also has a lot of goodies to look through like heropedia, havent tried the multiplayer part yet but will come back to that in another review.The editor is really awesome too...."
76561198005765230,Recommended,321960,18286158,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SirShmoe,"Played 3 hours of hot seat, no bugs; good times were had by all."
,Recommended,321960,18273188,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,/s,Great launch.Better fix it untill weekend.
,Recommended,321960,18315082,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,A.K,feel pro ? buy this then join my lobby and make some noise :)
76561197971316077,Recommended,321960,18262089,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,White,"Pretty decent game.Uplay is no longer really there, thou it starts up, the integration with steam seems smoother.Likewise the gameplay is smooth and playing without issues, and pretty decent graphic.Overall it feels like a game following up the series as it should.A of smiliarties, but expanding branches makes it a worthy purchase.I'd recommend the game.I'm unsure why so many write negative reviews... admittingly many seems to be simply annoyed about uplay.. still can't figure out why you'd buy a game, that you will write a negative review based on prinsipp rather than experience."
,Recommended,321960,18251071,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ignacy,"This game is awesome.I played all episodes of Heroes of might and magic and i can say ""THIS IS PROPABLY BEST EPISODE OF HEROES (CUZ Heroes V is a little better) than another episodes"" and i don't understand why many peoples say third episode is best or something. Third episode make new level for turn based games and it was very good at all but if you give a chance this game will not disappoint you.Now just wait for hate waves from heroes 3 fanboys :)"
76561198143417138,Recommended,321960,18377931,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,rfiksdal01,"As a fan of the M&M franchise from the beginning, I actually really emjoy this game. Im sorry to hear so many people are having trouble. I myself have not come across anything game breaking. Glitches aside, I find the game to be a fun and worthy addition to the franchise. The different factions have great variety. The battles are the same classic fun system that I'm used to.It's true that it doesn't really add any big new features or make any monumental changes, but it includes all the game play features that I identify with M&M games and it executes them well (when they aren't glitching). The good news is that M&M, despite this screw up, is in the hands of a worthy development team who are owning their mistake, Some of the issues they are fixing take more than a weekend to fix, so I know some people are mad that the patch is taking more than a few days, but its either that or a rushed patch (and rushed patches can sometimes introduce new problems!)"
76561198039985170,Recommended,321960,18274301,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Jessa,"Very slow to load up and the options continuously reset themselves so if you like everything fast pace, you have to keep setting it up between campaigns. Good game otherwise."
76561198087189488,Recommended,321960,18308792,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jp_5031,there is not enough map on the hotseat mode
76561198184533114,Recommended,321960,18915828,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,HeavyWeight,best homam so far
76561198172111406,Not Recommended,321960,18330324,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,adarelk2,hello i paid 50$ for this gamebut i didnt know that i need cpu intel i5 and i have i3so the game doesnt work to me and i have lagscan i get money back?
76561198087557994,Recommended,321960,25651037,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Jenko,great game loads of fun!
76561198031109140,Recommended,321960,18331935,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mordu,"I don't understand all the hate for the latest installment of my all time favorite game franchise.Yes, it took 10 minutes to switch compatability mode and some other stuff to make the game run. Does that rate a neg review? No.Yes the cutscenes are static. Guess what? Even if they were the most amazing cutscenes, I'd still skip them. I could care less about cutscenes.The game feels like a HOMM game. I love the art. I love the gameplay. I cant wait for more maps because i prefer starting out at lvl 1 with a fresh town over the campaigns. I didnt like VI, but this one is fantastic. I hope the DLC comes out soon. Dont believe the haters, this is a true HOMM experience. They gave us a nice homage to III. Thanks Ubi."
76561198029263619,Recommended,321960,18265042,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Azaer,"They simply should have taken the risk of upsetting people by delaying the game.They announce the game a while ago and should have simply owned up to not being ready and not hand us this clearly unfinished game.That being said, I think they will be patching the game into a finished product as time goes on.the little time ive actually played was decent. didn't seem any better than the previous games though.Only recommended for big fans, just cause its Heroes."
76561198063254761,Recommended,321960,18251028,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ChuckRyan,"First impression: A step backward visually. The UI and heads up display are low resolution. The magic menu is too busy. The whole thing feels unpolished. In an time when all companies are striving for the cleanest, simplest interface, this game is a large step backward.I've been a fan of Heroes games since the beginning. I'm hoping I can adjust to the messy, busy interface. They are different games in many ways, but the overall impression reminds me of Heroes 4--another game I tried hard to love.I don't think I'll regret owning this game; I like having a full collection. But I may regret paying the new-release price for it."
76561198046117575,Recommended,321960,29989694,Posted: 17 February,all,HazR'Shield,its fine but takes a good computer to run
76561198046913025,Recommended,321960,18380615,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,No Drama Llama,I absolutely love this game. HOWEVER!!!! You need to understand that Ubisoft has forced it's release early and therefore it still has numerous bugs and certain features aren't implemented yethttp://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1287258-MMH7-Full-Release-Bugs-and-Feedback.Limbic studios the developers however are not to blame and have created an amazing addition to the Heroes of Might and Magic universe. Every time I play as something different specialising in something different I am swept up in how awesome each different component is. As this game gets patched and features are added later on I have absolutely no doubt this will be one of the best entries in the series along with 3 and 5.Bugs aside I cannot stop from clicking next turn. I can't wait to see what the finished product is like. If only Ubisoft weren't such pieces of garbage and gave Limbic the time they needed to truly polish this game before release. Already looking forward to the expansions.
76561198008195032,Recommended,321960,18981011,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,bongfest,FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE JUST RE PACKAGE HEROES 3 WITH NEW GRAPHICS AND CALL IT A DAY.IS THAT SO HARD!!!THATS LITERALLY ALL YOU HAVE TO DO. DONT EVEN CHANGE THE GRAPHICS TO 3D JUST MAKE IT WITH SOME GREAT ARTISTS AND WE WILL BUY IT!
,Recommended,321960,18309161,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Axenite,"Really like this game atm ^^ Runs smoothly with just one bug encountered after 10 hours of playing the game. Graphics are nice and well in line with the other mmh games. Units look good and gameplay is fun. Campaign is long as hell with approx 100hr of gameplay.I’m well aware of the ppl that are struggling with bugs, which I find weird since the game is running smoothly for me. Hopefully the devs will fix the problems people are encountering pretty fast."
76561198009048895,Recommended,321960,18297390,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Maxrob1,"so far only played a few hours game run 100% fine, didint encounter a single bug yet, can t wait to play more tonight"
,Recommended,321960,18316913,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,{W`C} Cronocide,"Awesome game, great graphics. If you are a fan of the series you wont be disappointed!"
,Recommended,321960,18252121,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Bravehood,"Its a great game and singleplayer is flawless if you dont care for multiplayer its a 11/10 game with good story but the multiplayer requires setup (port forwarding in 2015?) and then there are critical gamebreaking bugs that forces you to restart your game, I'd expect these gamebreaking bugs to be fixed soonTM. Uplay works flawlessly so pointless flaming towards it"
,Recommended,321960,28241910,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Xird,"I can't compare it to previous Heroes games because it's been a long since I've played one, but I enjoyed it, aside from the evil that is Uplay."
76561198009405494,Recommended,321960,18323153,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Qulio,"I really like the game! The best one since #3.It's some small bugs, but nothing game changing.I've tried campaign and skirmish without any big problems and very much fun! :)"
76561198057951867,Recommended,321960,18378967,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Lightbringer,"I think the reviews on this are a bit harsh. Major points:To those of you who feel this game hasn't evolved enough... look at what has happened to final fantasy due to all their innovation. The whole console series is now garbage and it was once gold. There ARE other games to play than first person shooters and action rpgs. Dont fix what isn't broken.The only REAL complaint to make about this game are the motion graphics. Heroes levitating across maps instead of galloping. Mobs on combat often float diagonally and not in a way that looks at all normal. I've played two maps and I'm going to set this one down for a few months and hope this get's worked out.The cutscenes do look like crazy wax scenes and it's hard to tell what they were going for. My guess is this game got pushed out before it was ready (which btw, who told gaming studios it was ok to release unfinished products?! It seems to be the norm these days). Perhaps the scenematic movements are not there the same as the combat/map movements are off but it is obviously due to a lack of polish.Great points. This game is beautiful otherwise. Not at all cartoony like 6. They did make leaps in graphics, but perhaps they just haven't quite finished the job. Fingers crossed that they will."
,Not Recommended,321960,20368284,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Baldric,"Thank you steam for the refund function, it worked admirably on this game :D"
,Recommended,321960,18265081,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,👌Horizon👌,"Really needs some improvement with the animations during combat. Also the audio is very lacking. No more hit sounds like pinging of armor or spells landing. Needs quite a bit of work before it's ready to launch... To bad it already has. At a full AAA title price of 60 bucks, I cannot recommend (but will) this game even though I love HoMM."
76561197997558874,Recommended,321960,18248866,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Lethalrain,"The game looks good, the voice acting is ""okay"" compared to the previous one.Overall i like it so far, but the one that really bugged me straight from the first campaign is the in-battle sound.That♥♥♥♥♥♥is so bad..... Hitting an enemy sound like you're giving it a hug. Getting a Critical hit sounds like you're giving them a high five. I mean come on, we can and should except more."
76561198056891951,Recommended,321960,18620661,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Deathstroke,OKAY THIS GAME IS ABSOULTEY GETTING DESTROYED BY BAD REVIEWS SO I THOUGHT ID COMMENT ON WHAT THIS GAME DOES WELL.first of all this game feels great and is a welcome additon to the HOMM franchise and i got a feel like i was planing multiple games through this one HOW EVER this game need a lot of work i seriously suggest that the game designser play the game itself as there are far to many mistake in and out of the combat system. in saying that i have managed to do 2 campains so far and i have to say the combat system is pretty good when it works the spells look fantastic but again have had severe problem with spell casting like only being able to cast one spell permatch cause it keeps thinking its an adventure spell.Secondly the campains so far so good playing through the wizard campain i found myself enjoying the combat system and the story in which it had to bring in saying that though i all most died at how slow the enemy and my own teamates where moving as it could take up to 5 minutes to actually get to one spot.Thirdly single player maps are to few and really wish there was more varity also the are humougous glicthis in enemy ai when they choose to runn side ways down the map when quitely moving forward would have been the better option.Overall this game need a butt tone of work done on it my suggestion would be to start with the simple things and make sure you do them right. as to views of this all i can say is you are probalby better to wait till it gets cheaper or the game play picks up cause at the moment it is not a complete game but if they manage to pull though and fix there mistakes and there are ALOT i would rate this game a high point for the series.
76561198024133848,Recommended,321960,18287711,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Killin in the name of,Great franchise however way to early to make positive or negative reviews and definately won't be able to rate without being able to get past the loading screen without crashing
76561198006427368,Recommended,321960,18267229,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Mhorhe,"I have played every single Heroes of Might and Magic game and expansion to date, starting with the very first one back in the hallow days of the 6th grade. Finished most of them, too.And I personally would recommend the current incarnation.Oh, sure, it's far from perfect. They skimped on things that seem just silly to skimp on, especially for such a big name (company and game). Cutscenes and menus, and the interface in general, look like they were designed a good 10 years ago. The town screen is..okay.. but come on, when they had the majesty of H V's Haven to draw from?However, to me most of the drawbacks are fairly trivial, at least so far. It helps that so far I have not experienced a single bug or crash, unlike Heroes VI which I found to be simply unplayable at launch. Bitter disappointment that, was glad it didn't turn out similarly..though, I guess there's still time.The graphics are good. Design, excellent. I'm alternating between this one and the Witcher 3, and I find no cause to complain about this.The formula is the classical one, which to be fair it was what the fans expected. And it's good! Combat and hero progression feel vastly more satisfying than Heroes VI.There are a number of blasts from the pasts which also make me glad - such as the return of the Magic Guild, Thieves Guild, and the War Machines of yore.The new additions - or all that I've seen so far - are all to the good, if fairly minor. The hero skill progression is interesting. Combat wise, they've added in cover to the battlefields and flanking. There's a ""local guard"" added to castles, a fixed defence force you cannot remove, not too strong but decent. World map boosters last multiple battles.Campaign and story, I like it.Overall.. especially if you're a Heroes fan, go for it."
76561197972370976,Recommended,321960,18256839,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Etdashou,"If we consider the current conditions, which is working with Ubisoft, they did an excellent job. The game play well and I am having a lot of fun.Let's see now if they will update frequently as the game still need a lot of updates to be very good, like some very poor sound effect for now.But overall the game offers a lot of informations with popups, fights play well, visual is perfect and no game breaking bugs."
76561198071345648,Recommended,321960,18256877,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,HammerStark,"No issues on my end, the lack of animation in the campaign is weird for me. It clearly was meant to be animated. The actualy stills are beautiful though. The music is wonderful, as always. I'm not a big fan of the skill wheel, i prefer the randomization like in old versions of the game. I do like map designs and the towns. I haven't had any buggy issues so far, so I'm not sure what is going on with other people.Overall, It is a big improvement over Heroes VI and Heroes IV. I can't say I like it more than Heroes V, i definitely prefer the visuals in this one, the style is more mature. But the lack of 3D townscreens really seems like a step back overall. I think people are rsuhing to judgment overall, because either they hate uplay, which shouldn't have any bearing on rather the game itself is any good. Also i think hardcore ""nostalgia"" fans have a hard time accepting change. Give it a chance, and remember, things change."
76561198039023402,Recommended,321960,23347196,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Patrick,"I see a lot of people hating on this game.First off I can say i am no veteran of this franchise but I have been playing since V.I enjoy this game a lot more than Heroes VI, the graphics and gameplay seem better, the story is interesting from what i have played so far.Howver, the multiplayer doesn't seem to be functioning properly and when I check the online section no games appear, the game may be dead.If you're looking for a decent turn based strategy game i'd pick this up, 7.5/10. If you ever see it on sale grab it for sure."
76561198006535413,Recommended,321960,18318910,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Pedro,"Okay so I am changing my review to positive, the game was a headache for me to access. Once I was actually able to play it I am thus far finding it enoyable."
76561198034336718,Recommended,321960,33015462,Posted: 29 June,all,Vq.| NightchesteR,"I love this game,good fight and graphic,the City are awsome,I have nothing to complain about,like most bored people"
,Recommended,321960,26211484,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Weasel,"When the game was released, I probably wouldn't have recommended this game. About 4 months later of not playing the game I can finally say yes! Finally Ubisoft has given something the community can appreciate: a random map generator. Due to the small amount of maps, the game quickly got dull but now you can generate new ones. I haven't had a chance to play around with it yet but the fact that it's finally here is good enough for me :)"
,Recommended,321960,18260394,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Gorillaz,"After many ifs and buts I eventually bought the game despite the negative feedback and I can honestly say I was pleasantly surprised. The artwork of the game is perfect in my opinion and I feel like this is the spiritual succesor of HoMM 3.Pros ++Unit variation+Artwork+Town management+Governors(Actually makes every hero usable, even if their not fighting)+Warfare units+Ambient music!!!! :D+New one use scroll system+Hero skill wheel+Balanced range units+Short AI turnsCons --Campaign seems very unbalanced at the moment (would wait for fix)-Some combat sound effects are a bit off-A bit bright in my opinion even if bloom is not on-Multiplayer problems from what I have heardI can't say too much about AI strength, I'm playing on hard atm and I haven't fought the AI yet. Monsters however seem to fight better. Some ranged units don't attack in close combat so they don't die for example.Judging from previous games and this on it is definetly a 9/10 for me :)"
76561197979474088,Recommended,321960,18284481,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Brnzing,"This game is way better than Heroes VI with the readdition of the mage guild, real town building tree, more compelling units, heroes, and spells. Not to mention you can choose to play with the Heroes V version of leveling up skill selection (Random).Awesome graphics, fun gameplay, a Random Map generator in the editor (is going to be getting more upgrades to be more usable), and more content on the way! This is the game fans of Heroes 5 and 3 have been waiting for.All the people complaining about UPlay are being a bit vindictive. The game does require Uplay, yes. But it's NO where near as intrusive as it was in Heroes 6. It starts up when you launch the game and then just sits in the background. Then it synchronizes your save files when you exit. That's it. Not to mention Uplay has some unlockable content such as a few more artifacts, a llama mount for your heroes, and different decals for underneath the heroes."
,Not Recommended,321960,22347021,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,innocentiousxii,Dissapointed.
76561198047105333,Recommended,321960,23293869,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sparger,"HMM6 was garbage, but the series picked up again at 7. It retruns the the greatness that led to so many titles and expansions. This enstallment reminds me of the glory years of the series. The play is smooth and  the graphics are good. It is currently one of my favorite games.What I don't like is that it installes every time you run it, but at least it does not crash on me."
76561198154946805,Recommended,321960,18271745,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ritualrunes,"This is the first review that I have written for a game, and only because the mechanics are broken on some things.  During the light quest line the third battle with a general contains the skill retribution.  the skill is over powered and lasts longer than the skill timer allows for.  I mean I understand that it makes for a challengeing game but seriously come the f on.  when you can not beat the battle no matter what you do and how many different times to try different combinations of attacks and troops it just doesn't work out.  The developers need to do a patch to fix this immeadtely and hopefully the game will be better off."
76561198018641539,Recommended,321960,18640365,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kaine,"Ok, it's not yet finished.But:+* Altough i read a lot about crashes, the game had never crashed on my PC, and I only have the min specs.* I don't mind the 'short story' campain* Altough I agree the graphics could use some tweaking, the overal battles and map are well crafted. Hero portraits and diversity in hero models could still be better, but is fine* Flanking, a new and a big tactical advantage* More diversity in the units, and you can't buy all of them, even with a capital. So, loosing a battle is not such a big deal as it used to be-* I can understand it's a bit overpriced. About 35-40$ would be much fairer* Yes, we ,need a free inferno!!!* Loading a save takes a long time. Starting the still takes long, but with the patch it has improved immensly* I miss the path of blood / tears systemIF, Ubi takes the time to finish the game, make it faster and, if possible, upgrade the graphics a bit more, the game can be very good. I think it doesn't deserve the VERY NEGATIVE review state. Mixed would be better. They can still make it work."
,Recommended,321960,18275145,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Trigon704,"I haven't really played much (the first map of the campaign) but I'm already in love. The presentation (cutscenes and the like) is better than any other Might and Magic game (which doesn't says much honestly, the games were never know for that) but even just the atmospheric still images with the excellent voice over manage to make you really feel for the characters and their stories.Gameplay-wise it's exactly like Heroes of Might and Magiv 5 and 3. If you liked these installements of the game, you surely will like this.Only cons: starting Uplay because of this is kinda annoying. Also the loading screens are sometimes really long for some reason (although that could be part of my computer not beeing up-to-date)."
76561198000841042,Recommended,321960,29907537,Posted: 13 February,all,Bubba,"Generally a good game, though I feel you get tired of it and can only play it in periods."
,Recommended,321960,18253053,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,p4e4c,"People just love bashing Ubisoft, game is decent.If Homm fans don't expect a clone of 3 with each release no one would get dissapointed.Game still has few bugs (loading save files crushes the game sometimes), but overall it's a very decent mmh game with a great narrative. I don't have a high end PC and still don't seem to suffer from 'long AI turns' at all! Devs said in numerious occasions they will still be actively working on fixing bugs and providing free extra content for some time to come. In my opinion mmh7 really did bring the best of 3 and 5 in one product."
,Recommended,321960,21455521,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,aklru,"Great gameplay, nice graphics, makes me sit up all night."
76561198030733519,Recommended,321960,18270134,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,phenom26,"So much better then Homm V & VI ! I think those two previous games were just Ubisoft trying to make an Homm game but didn't have a clue how, with all these years of development and practice i think they finally created something worthy! Ok gotta go back to my game, finally a decent Heroes game that can rival with chapter III & IV. Will give more feedback after more gameplay!"
76561197970910841,Recommended,321960,18256958,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Falaris,"There are three Might & Magic games I thought was spectacular - HOMM III, V, and Dark Messiah.This game borrows heavily from all three of them. Necromancers are back as they should be - raising skeletons (and banshees) from the dead enemies, dragons are back (You now usually have a choice of last-tier unit) and the graphic style is a heavily modernized version of what you saw in III and Dark Messiah. The skill trees are more similar to the ones in HoMM V - which was the best in the series in that regard, I think - but it's not without ideas of its own.The graphics look good, but my GFX 780 is struggling a bit at very high, but it's not bad. The graphic style is, for me, very good, they've  rolled back the 'reinvention' they did in #6.The interface has a few problems - you can't see the stats of your hero while choosing what to upgrade from goodie huts, which is the most direct complaint I have.Those things aside, I was greatly enjoying my first few hours in the game, and I suspect we'll be friends for quite a while. :)PS: I don't know anything about MP aspects, as they do not interest me."
76561197997552619,Recommended,321960,18412950,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,vervilleguillaume,Pretty fun!! Cant wait for Patch...full of bugs Never Got my heroes 3 HD when preordering so i bought it... Would re buy this game. For others who are not fans wait for a sale patches will be up by then.
,Recommended,321960,18297396,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MizzouRah,"I'm not a M&M junkie or anything.. I've only played maybe one other version. That being said, so far I'm really enjoying the game quite a bit. Luckily on my W10 pc with GeForce 650 Ti video card with everything on Ultra/High.. the game looks and plays fine. I played the beta quite a bit, so while I do agree new people might have trouble with some of the game mechanics, it should be familiar to most who have played a 4x/TBS game. There are lots of options and so far playing the campaign, it's been quite good. The price is steep.. so some might want to wait on a sale."
76561197988014596,Not Recommended,321960,20264373,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Saibotccd,WORST  Might & Magic® Heroes®  i have ever played!!!
76561197972039165,Recommended,321960,18250109,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Penny Lee,"Not a bad effert this time around but I think they backed the wrong engine in using ""Unreal"" makes everything fill chunky and the cursor is just not defined enough to be accurate on the main map for this type of game, also the city/char menus  just have an old feel to them and look far to simple indeed.  They should have used the ""Unity"" engine for better in-game menus as the palette used is rather bland.  Would even say it looks a mess.Also it is very odd with the main war screen having chars there that are not animated at all when they speak, yet its all in a 3d enviroment, the candles move and the screen scrolls around the  3d chars but no movement with them just the voices.  Did the main animator leave the company before they finished the game? All the char pics are either non moving puppets or 2d pics, a bit of a miss with todays tech level.I will still recommend this game as its still a ""Might and Magic"" game but like so many games released looks like the skill level of devs/animators/Logic is far lower than what it used to be, to many rose coloured specs wanting to make millions with there console/phone programming lack of skills.  To much airwear released of late5/10 game2/10 devs1/10 amination"
76561198031020055,Recommended,321960,18263157,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,saras LT,"it has issues, but its still great game buy it."
76561198044923777,Recommended,321960,18576906,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,maestroanth,"Alright, I played this game a little more, and it's really good.  It's a conservative installment of the franchise, but all the little things are ""done right"" which I've felt was lacking in heroes V and VI.   For example, while hovering your mouse over a guy you want to attack, you see where he can move shaded out, so you know exaclty where to place a unit so he can't reach you, likewise, you get coverage details if you're moving a unit behind a rock or what not.  The campaigns, it tracks where you are in each campaign quite nicely so you're not stuck with finishing one campaign before you start another if you like to try out each faction first like me.  They added neat little ideas like warcries for the warrior classes, metamagics for the wizards, and some wicked♥♥♥♥♥spells (tsunami was like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the sound effects and music are pretty good.  It has a lot in this game, but not so much that it turns you off which I felt made Heroes VI suffer.I was hesitating to buy this because of all the negative reviews, but they seem to be trash reviews because of bugs and stuff which I haven't had a problem with (and I'm saying this after the patch).  And of course, a lot of these online beatches are just that, beatches that would beatch at anything."
76561198004919707,Recommended,321960,18349674,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Truslashr,"Aside from a few crashes at load up, and some alt+tab crashes, i havent run into nearly as many ""game breaking bugs"" as people are stating. There are balance issues that need to be addressed, and the cut scenes are just well awful. So far I am fairly happy with this game and my purchase. If you are on the fence about it, then i would probably wait for some patches and fixes before purchase.side note:Stop bashing on the devs, it takes a lot to make a game and if we the consumer were not so focused on the release date being exactly that, maybe they would have had more time to fix these bugs. Its no like the last heroes didnt have bug a plenty when it was launched but for the most part they got addressed and fixed. So lay off, on wrong line of code in a string of thousands can cause a bug."
76561198013593378,Recommended,321960,18531315,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Glenin,"This is a review for fans of the Heroes of Might and Magic franchise. Now known as, I guess, ""Might & Magic (trademark) Heroes (trademark)"" (sigh). If you are new to this franchise...stop reading right now and go download Heroes 3 complete for a few bucks on gog.Anyways, I sort of recommend Heroes 7, at least to fans of 5. I had an okay time. Thumbs up for not being Heroes 6!Heroes 2 was the first game I ever really loved as a kid. I have more hours in Heroes 3 than any other game ever. I didn't care for the direction of 4, I thought 5 was pretty enjoyable, and 6 is DEAD to me.  Heroes 7 is very reminiscent of 5.  It is a step back in the right direction for this franchise, I think, but by no means a classic, and I will be back to playing 3 soon.PROS:*Talent trees have some pretty nifty abilities and actually seem to matter again*Beautiful home castle screens*Multiple kinds of resources*Return to more ""old school"" factions from V*Interesting flanking tactics added*Uplay still lurks in the background and I get spammed with game ads everytime I close the game, but the horrid separate Uplay login from VI is goneCONS:*Buggy and crashes (10/17/2015)*Not very many single player scenarios outside of the campaigns (woo DLC?)* I love the campaigns in the older games in part because I can level up a few carefully-selected heroes from scratch into my own customized squad of killing machines over multiple scenarios. In Heroes 7, I keep on getting handed new pre-leveled heroes in each scenario that I don't particulalry care about.*I really didn't know it was possible to ragequit Heroes. I don't know who thought it would be a good idea to add so many ""find this secret without any hints!"" and ""have two heroes step on all of these switches at the same time without any hints!"" gimmicks to a turn-based, time/day-based campaign...WITH a time limit...but...stop it.*Quick combat - can't use it in any enemy hero battles. This makes killing trivial heroes, and defending forts that have no chance of winning, boring."
76561197960603446,Recommended,321960,18283661,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,zmacker,I've not got the most exp when it comes to heroes but i've played my share of the old heroes 3.It's true this game crashes and sometimes during critical fights (happent once for me) but it auto saves everyturn( some might say they saw forth the game crashing hens the auto save per turn feature).I've done 2 parts of the story campaign on normal and really enjoy the story and how its told no glitches or issues at max settings.The multiplayer aspect is anoying for someone as me that dosen't have a router that i can open the port on and hamachi isen't helping that much so i scratch that away.The campaign mission can take along time to finish and give u a nice feel for the persons that you are controling.The fights against enemy AI on normal is very easy atleast for someone like me that just stocks up on my army and come way to powerful into the fights wich makes every mission take way longer then it should.The AI isen't as poor as people say here but they do tend to always go for that one target almost no matter what and it does make turning a fight that could have been difficult into a ranged happy hour.But i enjoy this game and embrace the bugs and hope for them to be patched out. I mean honestly what can we expect from a game that's from ubisoft and runs with U-play. Atleast they fixed the cloud aswell so when the game crashes your saves will still be there from your last day.
76561198005408622,Recommended,321960,18283107,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Amanbris,"On its release day I was furious with this game, I could not get it to start until 24 hours after I had purchased it. I thought it was a disgrace that there was no support for windows 10. I spent hours upon hours screwing around with the settings etc, still nothing. Eventually they released the hot fix so I could play it.Initial thoughts were average, I can deal with the DX9 graphics, that’s not what HOMM is about its about gameplay. That being said I don’t actually mind the gameplay, I have only played a bit of the arcane campaign, I’m not sure if the other campaigns are as disjointed as this one, but it doesn’t have a flowing story through the campaign which is a bit weird. Not a massive fan of this.Sound and music are not the best, not the worst. Animations are ok, I think they just played it safe with respect to this game. But underneath it all there is a little bit of the Heroes 3 charm in there. I’m sticking with it. Still disgusted with the fact that they clearly did not test windows 10 capability but all in all the game is definitely worth playing through. It’s not HOMM3, but I think it’s a good addition to the series. Probably not worth full price, I’d wait for a sale if you’re on the fence about buying it."
,Recommended,321960,23260125,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Duct Tape Wolf,probably the best heroes game since heroes 3
,Recommended,321960,18343443,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,kashkoi,"All I can say:""Haters gonna hate, and I will gonna love"
76561197993375292,Not Recommended,321960,19038723,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,neeveca,The graphics is really bad and outdated looking.
76561197967837959,Recommended,321960,18640732,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,JohtajaTheGreat,"- good old school game- brings back memories like homm 1-3- nice graphics at least 4k, poor optimized, if u have not so great pc could be problem (i7 5930k, titan x 12gb sli, 32ddr4)- do not let bad reputation to skip this great game if u liked homm 1-3 u will like this- visual n cutscenes n even optimized are NOT reason to skip good game, playable n story is good n intresting, and that's matter"
76561197983739174,Recommended,321960,18388228,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ArmageddonDK,"Great game! Just like the oldschool heroes 3, but with a new touch :)I can easily recommend it, and i havent got any bugs like the other guys write so much about...But i do hate the fact, that the AI is so slow, during their round in multiplayer..."
76561197960781289,Recommended,321960,18270771,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,rubbish,Still early. Was released unfinished. Feels a little rushed but as a core game its pretty good.
,Recommended,321960,18251294,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Orword,"Enjoyable. Could definetely be better, but I'm positive it will with future patches."
76561198015900460,Recommended,321960,28644285,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,RubberNuts,♥♥♥♥ in ya pants good!
76561198084894278,Recommended,321960,29552849,Posted: 28 January,all,IronCurtain,Certainly a step forward from HOMM6 :}
76561198096890092,Recommended,321960,18284545,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,rmincherwolf,"its not badit could use more units per factionnice graphicshad funmabye lower price somei enjoyed itstarting to run smoother6 factions are all fun to play, but more would be great"
,Recommended,321960,18253112,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Cognitive,"Some improvements from the previous title:- When you attack you can use auto-combat first, and IF your are not satisfied with the outcome you may do it over again manually.- Each faction has choices to make when building their town. You must choose between unit types that may be available, which to boost populations for, and which utility buildsings you prefer.- Neutral armies no longer consist of only 1 unit type."
76561198057990901,Recommended,321960,18250340,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ikari,"Great game so far, I've played all heroes, and this is already one of my favorites, I recommend."
,Recommended,321960,18249863,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Dan,"Game Mechanics: 8, few innovation, old heroes type, improved terran variety, backstab, sides attack.Graphics: 9, great model, awful color match.Animations 7, statue in main menu (no animation), good in gameplaystories 7: so so.audio 9: still good as usual.final 8/10: fans game."
76561198014100577,Recommended,321960,18268595,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Caelim,"It's exactly what you'd expect from a Heroes of Might & Magic game.In this case, that's a good thing. Unlike the previous entry, there's no annoying features forcing you to play the campaign to unlock features in the rest of the game.So it's exactly what I was looking for - a modern HOMM game you can start playing straight out of the box."
,Recommended,321960,18250621,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Шеогоратович,"FOR ENG COMMUNITY - BELOW+Хорошая оптимизация. Стабильный FPS+Как и всегда, новый дизайн, что не плох+Новый сюжет+Новые возможности+Хорошая графика-Нет демонов, гномов и алтарьцев (скорее всего, прийдут вместе с DLC)-Графика в катсценах оставляет желать лучшего.FOR ENG COMMUNITY+Good optimization. Peacful FPS+As always, new design. Good design+New story+New capability+Good graphics-None of demons, dwarfs and sanctuary (maybe in DLC for $$$)-Graphics in cut-scenes is poor.8/10"
76561197970537023,Recommended,321960,18255490,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Teri,Great game way better than Heroes Vi
76561198041704472,Recommended,321960,18268667,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Phaelle,"I liked 6, but this is a step back toward the older versions.  It's more complex and it really works for it.Overall really enjoying it."
76561198036678112,Recommended,321960,18268688,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,FrillyGills,"Was worried about getting this game but its actually pretty good. Would definitely reccomend for fans of the heros games. There are alot more options in the game than in previouse installments and it is alot of fun to play.Its Heroes of Might and Magic, and a good game."
76561198068629778,Recommended,321960,18250353,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Nicholas The Legendary,Based on the first 2 hours of the game i would give it a 7.5/10 good game but I feel like the polish/time needed for this game to be great just wasnt there  the very first cutscene for the campaign is very poorly done and looks rushed after that though the gameplay was actually quite fun.
,Recommended,321960,27784236,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WTF,"No bugs yet, really enjoyable singleplayer."
76561197970933696,Recommended,321960,18713466,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,gambit_martin,"Same felling as nr. 1 and 3 in the series. Great game, but with a few critical errors, that is schelduled to be fixed in the coming months. Can really recommend this game ;)"
,Recommended,321960,18272574,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sentinel_Rees,"Bought the game expecting something similar to Heroes of Might and Magic 6 and I wasn't disappointed. Game runs perfectly fine, no crashes, no game breaking bugs, no sound issues.If I had to pick two things that are problematic, it would be that there are no animations in the cinematics (despite the fact that the models were clearly created with enough detail to allow said animations) and the UI could use some tweaking, since the level up notification is semi-blocked by the rest of the UI.That said, the overall gameplay is what I would expect from a HMM game and the new camera style is great. Certainly worth a purchase if you're a fan of the series."
,Recommended,321960,18272730,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Taka,"It is a fun game , graphics are good and there are very little bugs that i have run into so far :)"
76561197966436233,Recommended,321960,18254554,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Peacebro^,Nice game but multi player is bugged as hell not normal all kind off errors all the time :(
76561198159843969,Not Recommended,321960,21956006,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Zemlach,"I don't just play games for the purpose of the gameplay itself, I play it for artistic and visual components.  This falls so incredibly short on so many levels, it's horrifying.  I do not even want to play the game now with these openings and graphics.  Sadly I preordered this having hoped it would be wonderful.  Like for so many other reviewers it falls short of even being mediocre."
76561198011101305,Not Recommended,321960,18250582,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,CptGlutes,"Sooooo.. Are combat hit effect sounds (normal & critical) suppose to make me depressed? They are soft, and almost non-existent. How could this have been a collaborated and collective decision? Looking forward to that patch update... Ashen can wait..."
76561198064566231,Recommended,321960,18699174,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,saintinel,"I played HoMM since the first edition and finaly I get the same feeling again with this version as with HoMM 1, 2 and 3.And I read here a lot about bugs and crashes, but I just got only one crash, the first time I want to start this game,  directly after installation. So I restarted my PC and since that moment, no crashes at all anymore.Maybe this is, because I only play offline and not play multiplayer games. (because it would take to much time)The graphics a pretty fine, only when you suspect the character to see talk, their mouths are not moving. That is a little bit strange nowadays. :)So, my conclusion is, that I am very happy with this game. And I guess, I will spend a lot more hours on this game."
76561197977914331,Not Recommended,321960,19707938,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,UltraSoul,this will probably be the last time i buy anything from might and magic for a whilee.....
76561198111140817,Recommended,321960,18254304,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Abisha,"If you are a fan of Might and Magic or Turn based games.this is a absulute gem amounts them, many people say it looks worse then Might and magic 6 but they have crap computer system this game is with Unreal Engine and it really shows the models amazing, combat smooth.I even enjoy the story so far (wich is kind of rare those day's)now the NegitivesSome factions feels not right been saying this in Beta 2, i feel like Dungoen just aint right (might be me or i not atuned to the faction)on some maps are bit bleek, can have been bit better.is this game worth 50 Euro's personaly i say not 35 Euro's might have been bit more fairend conclusion.I recommend this i give it 7/10 can have been better can have been worse"
76561198219590012,Recommended,321960,19723544,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,russmcleanjr,"So far so good!  Enjoying the game, and have not encountered any hangups.  (side note, haven't tried multiplayer yet)  Will update as I play"
,Not Recommended,321960,20925687,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Natural Economy,So the franchise dies.
76561198135001562,Recommended,321960,18272082,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Kid Deathwing,"It can't really be the most complite of the series of it's missing 1/3 of the games factions. the game is good but it dosn't have the Naga faction Sanctuary, the Dwarf faction Fortress, or most importantly by far the Demon faction Inferno. I'm hoping they put out DLC or somthing because the Demons and Naga are personaly my 2 fav factions; that being said the game is great and i love it."
76561197993589001,Not Recommended,321960,18253677,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,haakon.grutle,Uplay crap!
76561198096856277,Not Recommended,321960,22076202,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Benj,
76561197991228843,Not Recommended,321960,18251330,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,704!,-game crashes.-graphics look datedTime to get a refund.
76561198016060608,Not Recommended,321960,19854250,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Beast,Just a really bad game.
76561198092239526,Recommended,321960,18259736,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Jill Sandwich Valentine,- Poot cut scene graphic- Faded out combat music - neeed urgent fix
76561198061395989,Recommended,321960,18444819,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,arafel_,"This is a classic Might and magic.The game design is good.heroes, castles, skill wheel, map sizes are what you can expect if you played the other games of the serie.The game performances are terrible.If this is not an issue for you, I'm recommanding this game."
76561198214824964,Recommended,321960,18392097,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,RED,"Im strategy games player ( more like 3hmm, disciples 2, civilization ).I feel sad that you have so many problems with not exelent graphic and give game bad vote for this, in my casegames like this graphic is only 10% of my demands.My bigest demands are balance, chalenge & gameplay, many strategy options.1) Balance - need to be fix 3/5 point ( three points of 5 max), moust of games i give 1 pointa balance iam very demanding in this thing.2) Chalange&gameplay - played on heroic dificulty (map and computer ) 3 big maps 4/5 point - start is chalengingbet later is not so.3) Strategy in batles - I give big + for interesting batles even more interesting than 3hmm, but only minus isthat magic spell power in batles is not doing much impact. 5/5 if magic will be fix.I will recomend this game to buy later i think balance need to be fix !I played only skrimish ( i always play skrimish in games, iam not playing and will not play champage ) maps on heroic map and computer dificulty. Sorry for writing mistakes, english is my 3rd language."
76561198064114233,Recommended,321960,26156226,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Augusto Pauluci,Ótimo jogo.
,Recommended,321960,18426309,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,šΓЦи$ﾚ∆√∑,this game is wicked!!just needs some battle sounds...
76561197973744647,Recommended,321960,24499534,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Baratan,"I recommend giving it a try.As a fan of HoMM V, I really enjoy what I've seen in HoMM VII so far. I'm only as far as beating the first campaign map but there wasn't anything I didn't dislike about it.+Great creature artwork and designs.+New town scenes are very attractive, much better than the crap we got in VI but not quite as good as V+Just a good, fun 4x strategy game set in the world of HoMM"
76561198045807731,Not Recommended,321960,18252836,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Wink[as],it should send activation code to my email it didnt WTF I PAYD MONEY FOR THEN?
,Recommended,321960,30601529,Posted: 18 March,all,TrackerWenWen,"I do agree with all the hate and all but now this game is quite playable, for those who're not hardcore might n magic fans I would recommend u not to get the dlcs cuz it's still glitch as♥♥♥♥♥ Wait for a few more months then get the dlc if it ever got fixed. Just get the vanilla cuz they are playable, finally, and also, it still sometimes crash, but for me personally it has only crashed 3 or 4 times during the entire time I played the game and I only have the final dlc campaign left... New players imo shld go to this order : 7 - 5 - 6 or 7 - 6 - 5. it will be much better lol. again, it's imo... I recommend this game when it's on sale"
76561198129964010,Recommended,321960,18469713,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ronirahmat73,Graphics better than before.quite challenging
76561198267198531,Not Recommended,321960,21279241,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,andrewtst,"Oh my God! This games is pathetic ugly!I never though I can see such ugly games now! oh no!Also not stable, halfway battle get minimize to desktop and I can't return back beside force close it!Can I refund it! I can't believe it is that bad!"
,Recommended,321960,18316969,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,bakedbaker88,loving it!
,Not Recommended,321960,23757361,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,wormtale,WHERE IS MY CD KEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i CANT ACTIVATE THIS GAME TO U **** PLAY
76561198071878846,Recommended,321960,19721805,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ogerot,where the hell os the map editor??
76561197966899842,Not Recommended,321960,22098036,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Jon M,No thanks.
,Recommended,321960,18334633,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Dahbadu,"Don't listen to the negative reviews. This game is better than Heroes 5 when Heroes 5 was released. It's not that buggy and plays very closely to Heroes 3/5, except with some added mechanics that are intelligently designed.Note that I thought Heroes 6 was pretty bad, with horrible AI and design. It was just a very superficial strategy game."
76561198039059262,Recommended,321960,18461671,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,❖Radex,"best heroes of all time, loving design. Fractions are varied and have great creatures, but best of all, the gigantic feel, Ubisoft Weyne"
76561198023547206,Recommended,321960,18248901,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ST.mal,So far it's what you would think to get. 8.5
,Recommended,321960,18524124,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Duphy,Good Game!
,Recommended,321960,32268602,Posted: 8 June,all,General5544,so mad this company is not doing any more to the game really upset
76561198043218182,Recommended,321960,18449157,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,mbpopolano24,I love HMM. Always have. I played them all. I loved them all. Get this game and support HMM. Griffin Eternal!
,Not Recommended,321960,21735238,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,┼Dark Matter┼,Eh... Those reviews are pretty accruate..Cutscenes and gameplays are so SUCK..
76561198063800841,Recommended,321960,23768152,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ITSflamell(2),Good
76561197992342107,Recommended,321960,22050818,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Muffi,"i don't get all the hate, this is probably the best heroes of them all.the problem is that the series has become obsolute. you have games out there like company of heroes and total war which outclasses the heroes of might and magic genre because of the way you play the game.but if you compare it to the other heroes of might and magic games, it is a worthy successor to the older might and magic game."
76561198015029780,Recommended,321960,21826517,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,steve774875,Fun
76561198042195861,Recommended,321960,21876076,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Regalium,Awesome ! Liked it !
76561198060861144,Recommended,321960,18518009,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,DawnAnvil,I would give this game a 10/10.  This is by far the best game in the series.
76561198005597575,Recommended,321960,22336680,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,J4$D420,Heroes
76561198065851448,Recommended,321960,30297815,Posted: 3 March,all,LokiVarvar,*Looks at hero lore**Sees Sandro's name**Plays Heroes III*
76561198002139343,Recommended,321960,23930962,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Svarshik,Good game
76561198005749847,Recommended,321960,18249302,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Rhavenouz,"I think Might & magic 7 is great and i can't wait till the dlc will come out with hopefully inferno faction, but as usual with might and magic it is almost never awesome in the beginning but it's always getting better with time."
,Not Recommended,321960,19774580,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Junglevibe,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,321960,24625691,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Ghost,"This is a wonderful addition to the HOMM series.  I wish the random map generator were more user friendly but other than that, no complaints.  Well done!"
,Not Recommended,321960,18249294,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,maxstep,"FIrst uplay account linking failed, then game crashed to dekstop. But I did get Heroes III HD so it's for the best anyhow. 2/10"
,Not Recommended,321960,18248497,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,renegade_sock,2/5 so far...Cons:- The graphics are awful given that this is 2015 (I'm playing on max settings)-  I don't know if this is a bug or just a horrible choice by the dev team but nobody moves their mouth when speaking in cinematics- I am unable to find a way to show a grid when moving in the world or in combat which (at least for combat) is extremely annoying)
76561198045315388,Not Recommended,321960,18387671,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Star Cake,"Disliked it. Simple as that. In all the years I have used Steam, this was the first time ever I asked for a refund. The game is very pricey, and feels unfinished. The graphics are very bland and uninspired, the combat sounds are awful, the music isn't good (something HOMM serie always got right), the 3D models on the main campaign table look really ugly and unfinished, and there are no animations for them. The game as a whole just felt really boring.Now a bit more personal; I disliked the factions and their creature distribution. I don't know why they had to make dungeon associated with dark elves and sylvan associated with elves. Just look at HOMM 2 and 3 titles and you'll see that those two factions were a lot more inspired. Some units design as a whole are terrible. I don't know, it just feels like the game was rushed, they threw everything inside a big cauldron, mixed it in a senseless manner and released the product for us to buy. Everything just feels very disconnected.The building tree UI is also bad. Looks very confusing and the townscreens could've been MUCH better. HOMM 2 and 3 townscreens were much more appealing and charming than what we got here, and they are 90's games. We are in 2015.If this game was maybe a 20 USD title, sure, but not for the current price. Overall it just feels like a very boring game and I would wait to buy it on a 75% discount weekend or something."
76561198033270133,Recommended,321960,18347553,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Shoryu-Taichou,"My initial review of Heroes 7 slammed the game for being almost unplayable due to bugs.Two Years later I can finally ammend this and give a massive thumbs up to a wonderful game with stunning visuals, very good design decisions and improvements from previous games in the series (especially tactical and mechical aspects)But... that said, it could be even better.Looking forward to another developer who can make this series excel"
76561198032826872,Not Recommended,321960,18711313,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Longinus,"Game play have vastly improved with the release of the first 3 patches, still not perfect but is headed in the right direction, given time, it could live up to it's potentialAs of 23 of Feb I can now recommend this game to peeps interested in single player game, it is a lot different than when it was released and playes whole lot better and is more balanced.. the only downside is the lack of a lot of skirmish maps, but the fan base may well make up for that in the workshop mods that they create for the game."
76561198010592250,Recommended,321960,18796911,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mettujayadev,After a lot of patches. Changed my review. Game is playable and very enjoyable. Just very unfortunate that the game was released in an incomplete super buggy way. If they took their time and fixed a lot of bugs prior to release this game would have been a success.
76561198012169158,Not Recommended,321960,18263522,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Messer,"Such a shame, yet another game being Ubisofted.Reeeefuund."
76561198027694376,Recommended,321960,18304813,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Racoil,"After one year from the launching, I picked up this game once more and I am ganna switch the ""No"" to ""Yes"" for the efforts developers have been updating this game with and current status of the game. This time I resumed the progress of main story campaign and finished it with much more pleasant experience. Soon after that, I purchased Trial by fire and got my hands on it. Although it seems the expansion have brought some more bugs, it is still fascinating for Asha Fans like me.It does deserve a recommend now, I think, but it has been more than one year since the launching. I am happy with game right now but really worry the future of this franchise. We do not have that much ""one year""s to spare, UBSOFT. Today they just pushed an another update, so excited !"
,Not Recommended,321960,26926739,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ace T'Ken,"Much better now than when it launched. Solid mechanics, but a godawful amount of bugs remaining and I've changed my review from recommended to not at all seeing as how the developer announced that they stopped supporting it in October 2016, issues be damned.1. The might / magic balance is insanely broken on the side of magic (Any character with Chain Lightning will devestate you. It's not a question. This will happen.).2. I've had heroes just up and vanish mid-map (Not defeated, mind you, just vanish outright. Game still thinks they're present, but they can't be moved or located.)3. There are monsters just... floating around the map screen sometimes. Way, way up in the air. No reason to be there.4. The last thing I care to write, but certainly not the last thing wrong is easily the worst thing about this game: The campaign balance is broken to the point of being infuriating. The final map of the expansion is easily the hardest in the series, even when played on easy. I've beaten every single game in the series, most on the hardest difficulty, but the balance is so badly off-kilter, I had to give up. Many of the maps are now timed and objective based, so you have to play a few times, figure out what it wants you to do in what order, then RUSH to do it, then you'll still have to reload often. The exploration and strategy you loved from previous Heroes games has been replaced with frantic running and forced reloads since you couldn't possibly have known what was coming in the map, and encountering it is an automatic failure due to time constraints.It's the first one of the series that PUNISHES exploration. Do not purchase this.And for the love of gaming, if you've never played one in the series, please don't start with this. They're normally not this bad, I promise."
76561198120794179,Not Recommended,321960,25123410,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SoilBurn,"EDIT from Sep. 5th 2016: Ubisoft just announced that they are discontnuing support of the game, only 3 months after releasing the standalone expansion. This means they are will keep selling this game, although it is still full of bugs and suffers from horrible RAM leaks, which were never fixed (despite the outcry). This, my friends, is called in English a SCAM.(but what did I expect from Ubisoft?)-----------------------------------------------Original review:I waited long until I decided to buy H7 and the add-on, both due to the amount of bugs reported and due to my negative experience with H6 (which was boring and repetitive, despite the nice graphics).Well, all I have to say is, H7 after patch 2.0 is definitely worth playing and has the potential to become one of the highlights in the series. The gameplay is diverse, it keeps me coming back for more, the hotseat mode fast and entertaining, and I love the campaign so far. It is also positive that the devs added several single-player scenario maps for free.Of course the bugs are still noticeable, and the game is technically not well optimized. The most notorious problem is the memory leak: There is a constant and increasing consumption of memory and it does lead to the game becoming slow, game sounds getting distorted, and bugs like the infamous double attack getting more common. The only way to solve this right now is to actually terminate the game, wait 30-50 secs until the bloated RAM usage goes back to normal, and then start it again (rinse and repeat after another 4 hours).If a few bugs and the above described technical issues do not bother you that much, then I definitely recommend you give the game a try. H7 is slowly becoming my favorite Heroes title. And since I am confident that the devs will fix the remaining bugs (and hopefully add some more content), I rate the game positively and look forward to a 2nd expansion and further improvements."
,Not Recommended,321960,23773813,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CoastalHaze,"I am updating my review on this piece of crap. It was already negative but I wrote that review right when the game launched. Just want to reaffirm for curious parties that this game has not improved one iota. In fact performance has gotten worse. This title is an absolute turd, DO NOT BUY IT, DO NOT BE TEMPTED!As someone who has a great amount of love for HoMM II, III, and (modded) V, watching Ubisoft run roughshod over this franchise with their soul-sucking touch of death is depressing as all hell. They charge FIFTY DOLLARS for this buggy mess and then release a substandard DLC and charge THIRTY MORE DOLLARS for it?!?! I seriously can't believe this is real, but the truth is...it happened. What an absolute joke.My disdain for Ubisoft can't go any lower at this point. Ubisoft makes EA look like a bastion of virtue at this point. Shout-out to their god forsaken DRM service Uplay, which makes games an even bigger hassle to play and has no right to exist.I don't really understand how this game's performance went down the sh!tter. It was slow and clunky at launch, but it didn't take this long to load. This game now takes almost 5 full minutes just to load up through UPlay. It has absolutely nothing to do with my computer, I run any modern open world game on Ultra settings perfectly fine. I didn't want to suffer through their boring campaigns anymore so I tried a custom map. God. Prepare yourself for several more minutes of loading while it generates the map and probably 5x that if you want a subterranean map. I have that stained glass montage burned into my retinas as we speak. By the time the game finally loaded up I had lost all will to play it again. Screw the gameplay, it isn't even worth it.Ubisoft, please relent. Do the entire HoMM fanbase a HUGE favor and sell the rights of this franchise to someone else. You obviously don't care and have plenty of other IPs to make money from. SELL THE RIGHTS!"
76561198008748490,Recommended,321960,21804160,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MobySlick,"I'm changing my review to recommend this game. My first experience was very off-putting. But a few patches and starting at the right campaign makes a world of difference, and I can honestly say I'm enjoying it now and it's giving me that ""one more turn"" feeling. But even to veterans of the series, I would warn you of starting at one of the advanced campaigns. Go for one of the campaigns sthat starts you at level 1 with no skills and a couple basic creatures. For me, that's the right way to get to learn the game. A few campaigns start you with fully developed heroes, towns, and armies, and you're like... oh... that really feels like you're starting at the end. If you're like me, definitely be wary of that because you can play campaigns in any order."
76561198003414986,Not Recommended,321960,24727134,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Putin,"After year of patching was this bugfest finally repaired. Its great game now. But AI on adventure map is completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.After last patch, game is full of bugs again. AI is still stupid."
