user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,322190,25884931,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"SteamWorld Heistis a really good game with high polish and great execution, but much likeSteamWorld Digit suffers from not enough depth and complexity. Lots of potential wasted here, IMO.Not to sound insulting, but Image & Form games often feel (to me) like one notch above games with mobile developement in mind. Overly simplified to a fault. When you build a game that begs to be compared and described as something likeXCOM, you have the potential for tons of customization and sandbox-like creativity. Let me explain further.When you reduce a tactical game down to 2D, you already lose a bit of strategy, which is fine - to a certain extent this was made up for by the brilliant bullet-bouncing/aiming system. Thats great, and beyond the superb graphics and music, thats about where the greatness ends.Leveling up could not be more simple - you have no choices, no skill tree, and have no options in bonuses you recieve.It might as well be non-existant. You gain power as you win, and therefore can fight stronger/more enemies. It's a rub.At first the loot you find is interesting until you realize that guns aren'treallythat functionally different, and it's a simple numbers game (ie. Gun A has +1, and Gun B has +2, so Gun B it is).The weapon stats increase fairly linearly, so you don't get that awesome feeling of finding rare loot, or getting something early in the game.Another note about loot - at the end of every level you have to 'open' your loot by clicking on it, which is fun for a second, but after a couple hours it feels like a mobile game. Yawn.The hat collection is cool, and I like how you can strategize to shoot them off of enemies heads to get them. Nice. Are they functional? I don't believe they are, but I could be wrong.I find it frustrating to giveSteamWorld Heista negative review, because it is really awesome and issoooo closeto achieving greatness.But alas, it is also so far. I want more. I want strategy likeXCOM. Whether it would be more base-building elements, better equipment, character customization, etc. All of this is possible in this game. In fact, the hard part of building a brilliant combat system is done. I think we just need more bells-and-whistles.Pros:+Awesome addicting combat that rewards solid strategy a laXCOM+Beautiful artwork, animation, and music+Gotta love thatSteamWorlduniverse+Controls are tight regardless if you use keyboard and mouse or controller+Hat collection is coolCons:-Everything can be solved with money, and this is no exception; if the game were ten bucks, I could overlook a lot, but that's not the state of things, so:-Overall things are too simple for anXCOM-like game; loot is boring and linear, character customization verges on something mobile (as does a few features), no base building elements, etc.At the end of the day, considering all the DLC,SteamWorld Heistcosts well over $20, which is quite steep for something so one-dimensional.Yes, the combat and artwork and music and atmosphere are brilliant, but after about 2-5 hours I think most people would find it repetitive and shallow.Peace,"
,Recommended,322190,32735324,Posted: 24 June,all,OnlyFate,"The Good & Bad reviewGeneral Description of the game:> Battles are turn based, its like 2D version of XCOM> Loot based, got different weapons such as sniper, shotgun, etc.> Requires basic level of aiming> Player can shot down enemies' hat and collect it> Can shot robots into pieces ;)> Teamate does not have perm deathThe Good+ No time limit (You can grind level if you cannot pass through). This allows me to play without having the pressure to rush to fight the boss+ Unlike XCOM, you can control the aim of the gun. Added a layer of challenges to playerThe Bad- Tiny problem but every time when I leave the game inside my own ship, the game won't save. If I did something like inventory management work before I leave the game, I may need to do that again when I start the game next time. (Developer Patrick Baitman has replied a workaround for this situation: ""A workaround is to dock with a bar afterwards, which makes it save."")- The game may get repeatitive- Difficulty does not improve the AI, they only get better damage and health instead of becoming smarterVerdict- Its satisifying to see your plan executed perfectly and killed every enemies- This is like a casual version of XCOM- Hat system is fun"
,Recommended,322190,29464744,Posted: 24 January,all,Justin_Brett,"In the dry run between when the Nintendo 3DS came out and when the games started really rolling in, one neat indie game on their E-Shop took off: Steamworld Dig. It was a pretty simple Motherlode-style platformer, but it had charm and a satisfying gameplay loop. The only problem was its length, which was short enough to beat in just a few sessions. The game was successful, but rather than do a direct sequel, Image & Form decided to make one in a different genre altogether, a strategy RPG. That means you won't beat Steamworld Heist in just a few hours, and it also resulted in a fantastic game to me.Heist is set a while after Dig, following the Earth exploding and its robot inhabitants moving into space on barges. You play as Captain Piper and her crew, who operate as space 'pirates', although you never steal from anyone who isn't also a pirate or evil in some other way, so they may as well just be bounty hunters or something. Pirate attacks in the outer regions of space have become more vicious later, and it's up to them to find out why, and make off with as much loot or hats as they can carry.Combat is clearly inspired by X-COM: all the ladders, drops and cover are there as you might have seen them in Enemy Unknown/Within, but set in a 2D backdrop. Also like that game, you can move and shoot or use an item, or use your entire move dashing. The most unique wrinkle though, is that there is no RNG in Steamworld Heist, at least on your end. When you go to attack at range, you're allowed to freely aim your weapon, and spend as long as you want aiming the perfect shot. Your bots' don't have perfect stability, so the sights waver a bit, and there are things like ricochets to factor in, but if you hate when a 90 percent shot turns into a miss in X-COM or Fire Emblem, this might be the game for you.That doesn't make the game easy, of course. Even your most bulky party members can't just tank fire, and it's safe to assume enemies will hit them if they're ever out in the open. Your team is made up of all unique party members, so they're not gone forever if they bite it, but that means they don't receive experience (which is doled out for fulfilling mission objectives rather than killing enemies), and your rating for the mission will drop. It's a good balance between encouraging you to be careful, but not punishing you horribly if something happens to go wrong. There are also multiple difficulties so you can fine-tune it however you like.Despite being in just 2D Heist has a lot of tricks up its sleeve, such as enemies who only melee, ones with shields you have to flank, and ones who charge up piercing lasers. It's also able to replicate things from X-COM that work with it, like flanking (at least with two characters), and a running timer on some missions that will spawn extra reinforcements, keeping you from just turtling up. There are also some interesting boss battles, which X-COM doesn't really do.Heist also has a DLC known as The Outsider, which adds another character and a couple more missions to each map (of which there are three, with different ships to invade and enemies to fight). It's not necessary by any means, but the extra crew member is interesting to use, and it has some useful, but not game-breaking items. I like that it's not cordoned off in its own little area, and it's only five dollars as well.Overall, Steamworld Heist was a very pleasant surprise for me, and a huge step forward for the people behind it. Moving between genres can't be easy, but they produced something not just good, but a huge leap forward compared to their last game. If any of this sounds interesting to you I'd recommend picking it up now, and especially if it's on sale. Really looking forward to Image & Form's next game, whatever genre it happens to be."
76561198005582955,Recommended,322190,23777869,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,purplepoodle,"SUMMARY:I couldn't put this down for about a week and really felt like I got my moneys worth. Considering I'm ADHD and have over 400 games in my library I feel like thats a rare thing for any game to accomplish these days. It held my attention and I'm writing a review which I never do, so ... give it a SHOT!PROS:Suprisingly fun and fulfilling gameplay.Good progression curve.Lots of fun weapons.Characters with unique abilities.Random map generation.Hat collecting.Charming graphics.New game+ modeCONS:Could be a bit longer, with more weapons and chapters.No oversized anime breasts on the female steambots."
76561198062095052,Recommended,322190,31332237,Posted: 23 April,all,redjay71,"This one's a gem.- The turn-based style lets you play at your own pace- Excellent smooth graphics- Each part of your fallen enemy tumbles across the floor of the stage- Many hats available so you can customize your posse and make them fabulous- You can collect hats by shooting them off enemies' heads- Get great guns and other useful swag from your raids- Lovable characters- Level-up-able characters- Real-time skill of aiming in turn-based strategy- Has an old western feel in futuristic outer-space- Has a fun story- Has good references- Robots are cool- Space is cool- Pirates are cool- Cowboys are coolConclusion: This game is awesome and could aptly be called ""Space Robot Cowboy Pirates"""
,Recommended,322190,23437264,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sir Rahka,"After playing this two times through on the Nintendo 3DS, I now embarked on my third journey to this fantastic game. This time on the PC. And I am happy to report that this HD version is exactly how SteamWorld Heist is on the 3DS, only it looks a hell of a lot better. As it should!Now then, the game itself. A turn based, ""2D""esque game that has movement and cover mechanics much like one finds in XCOM. You can walk a certain distance, take cover, and then shoot. Depending on your weapon, for some weapons do not allow you to shoot after moving. In any case, you can also sprint and take cover, but that automatically takes away your ability to shoot. Much like in XCOM with certain soldier classes. Heist could also be described as inspired by Worms, just like the developers themselves state on the Steam store page. Certain things like grenades and rockets for example have a curved trajectory, much like in Worms games.Plot of the game more or less picks up an unknown time after the events of SteamWorld Dig. It is not directly mentioned, but what you will find at the end of SteamWorld Dig is quite heavily tied to the plot of Heist as well. In any case, the steambots have taken off to space. They most likely took off to space before the Steamworld itself (aka, Earth) exploded, but now they are forced to stay in space. Farming moisture on the chunks of Steamworld that still orbit the planets core. They also share the space with another ""race"" of automatons, called the Royalists. Who are not steam driven automatons, but diesel driven. So you get this fantastic mixture of Steampunk and Dieselpunk in the first and second parts of the game.You, dear player, play as the rogue captain Piper. And it is your task to gather a crew of steam driven (and if you also purchased the Outsider DLC, one of them is actually something else) automatons, Cowbots if you prefer, to help you bring a bit more freedom to the Outskirts. During the course of your travels, adventures and shooting, you will also find yourself suddenly involved in a devious plot that has more or less everything to do with why the planet went kaput and what was unleashed back then. In the end, it is your task to put an end to all of that nonsense so that honest and hard working Cowbots will have it a bit easier on the Outskirts.The Soundtrack of the game is also rather splendid. It was made by the band Steam Powered Giraffe, who some of you might also know as being the ones behind Montana's theme song in Gearbox Softwares latest game, Battleborn. They themselves are steam driven automatons, so it was only fitting that they would make the soundtrack for this game. They also have ingame cameos, and not only can you hear their songs in the variety of space bars you will visit in SteamWorld Heist, but at times you can actually see them perform in said bars.So. A TL;DR conclusion: A turn based strategy game with steamdriven automatons as the characters. Influenced by XCOM and Worms games. Gather a rag-tag crew from space bars, listen to lovely music while you are at it, and then go shoot some robots why won't you.Oh and there are also hats. So many hats. Even more in the DLC. Speaking of which, I actually think I am still missing at least 3 hats from the 3DS version."
76561198044448313,Recommended,322190,32612762,Posted: 21 June,all,Trenton,"Yea this game is fantastic...Steamworld Heist is a turn-based, tactical action game with heavy influence from games like XCOM. I'd even go as far as to say that this game plays like XCOM if it played on a 2D plane. It is extremely well made and the mechanics all completment themselves nicely.So the game's main quirk is manually aiming your unit's weapons. This wouldn't be such a huge thing if your bullets didn't richochet like ♥♥♥♥ing rubber bullets. Due to this you can pull of some crazy♥♥♥♥♥trick shots, those of which saved may♥♥♥♥♥many times. Your first time through you'll probably find yourself in quite a few sticky situations on the battlefield, so being able to pull of these trickshots will be crucial to your crew survivng the scuffle.All in all it's a very rewarding game; you're almost always sorting through new loot and gaining more water, which acts as the game's currency and the combat can be very satisfying if you set up your shots correctly.I would reccommend this game at full price WITH the ""The Outsider"" DLC, as it adds a few extra missions, a party member, and new items. Image & Form are great devs and they deserve the money."
76561197971251434,Recommended,322190,23446625,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,[MST] Zaphnod,"This game is perfect.  Literally perfect.  The weapons are fun, the gameplay is challenging without being frustrating.  I'm even (and I'm kind of ashamed to say this) enjoying collecting the hats.  I buy a LOT of games, and this is one of the best in recent memory.  Buy it now!"
76561198278968436,Recommended,322190,23444654,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,fairyfellermasterstroke,"Discovered this and SteamWorld Dig via Steam Powered Giraffe, and would recommend both.The levels are challenging enough to be interesting, and the characters are all wonderful. Also, hats.The soundtrack is amazing as well."
,Recommended,322190,28319714,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SliceOfHam,"My review comes after I have fully completed Steamworld Heist on 'Experienced' difficulty on my first playthrough.I enjoyed every moment of this game and there is a variety of difficulty settings for more casual players or more harcore players.This turn-based, skill-based, shooter game has little elements of RNG and the majority of outcomes is based on your strategy and skills. There is a good selection of members and guns to choose from that cater to different playing styles. Some are sharpshooters that get an aim-assist laser line, some are rocket launcher users, some are more skilled based (i.e. Sally can get additional shots if she kills an enemy and with 'mad dog' she can shoot forever until she doesn't kill an enemy in one turn) and others are more strategy based (i.e. Payroll has very high movement and gains double shot + bonus dmg when flanking so you move behind enemies and unleash hell on them).The levels are mostly randomized to some degree and sometimes, but if you played certain levels 10+ times over (yea I did lol) you've gotten the idea what the general layout is going to be like.The majority of the RNG comes from whether or not you crit an enemy, assuming you don't have 100% crit chance and sometimes when you do not crit and the enemy survives with 1 hp it kinda sucks.There are weapon shops in-game but some of the best equipment I've obtained was RNG loot from finishing levels. Though not necessary to continue with the game it does make it much easier (i.e. Exoskeleton - +2 HP, +1 Mend +1 Melee..that is really nice for melee focused member like Billy).The music and art-style is appropriate and both are enjoyable.Game also offers NG+ if you want to start from the beginning, but keep your crew, level and gear. This gives the oppurtunity to play at a higher difficulty level..or lower if you wish.The story was simple, and straightforward. Nothing spectacular about it, but really bad about it either.------------tl;drGameplay - 2/2Boss Fights - 1/1Customization of Party - 2/2Art and Music - 2/2NG+ - 1/1Story 1/2Overall: 9/10. Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,322190,25991384,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,scukobyte,"Very addictive game.Cast of colorful characters, interesting-yet-simple gameplay, gorgeous handdrawn graphics, soundtrack by Steam Powered Giraffe, etc.I do strongly recommend that game. Absolutely love it.I am currently 10hrs in and got through about half of the game.P.S. I totally nominated this for ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award, because it's that kind of game. Easy and addictive."
76561198041765678,Recommended,322190,29220347,Posted: 13 January,all,DedVoid,"Worms+Xcom is a pretty accurate depiction of what to expect here, if you like either of those then you'll probably have a grand ol' time with this."
,Recommended,322190,23743234,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Iwasonlyhuman,"I am going to throw down a list of words and phrases.  If the words in some combination don't interest you, then feel free to pass on this gem.  Otherwise, I highly recommend purchasing.Squad. Cover. 2D. Turn Based. Firefly. Amazing. Hats. Xcom-ish. Robots. Cowbots. Level-ups. Kill skills. Amazing. Tactical. Inventory Management. Robot beards. Amazing."
,Recommended,322190,23473118,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Pro Tricky Towers Player,"I really didn't like dig, but I'm surprised by how well this game was pulled off.  The environment is what really pulled me in. Upon seeing this I knew I'd appreciate a turn based shooting game in a somewhat tight environment. I was not disappointed. Something I was not expecting was an actual need for skill when pulling off a crazy shot. Sure, you have as much time to prepare as you'd like, but you only get one shot as your gun bobs around. The strategy in the game requires you to make sure you use each of your turns well as you attempt to move into a safe position where you know you have the skill to maximize the damage. I'm not sure what the game is like on the middle and lower difficulties, but it sure is fun ""the way it's meant to be played""."
76561198185264277,Recommended,322190,23437753,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,voodooseeker,"I've been playing this game on my Nintendo 3DS....JUST awesome!!! The Steamworld Heist takes you on a true steam-bot adventure + you'll get the most matching soundscape to the game. Before I started my space adventure - I didn't know the band 'Steam Powered Giraffe' - beautiful music and cool lyrics.Well, I already completed the game at my Nintendo 3DS (still waiting for try it at my Wii U) + amiibo fun in the future, if sooo :o) So I'll be more than happy to buy the game for my PC, enjoying the graphics in HD + knowing that I'll donate a little more money to 'Image & Form' - thank you for a wonderful gaming experience!"
,Recommended,322190,23461567,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SesquipedalianSnek,Pretty much the old 2d worms games mixed with Xcom. Oh its also a redneck steam punk universe if that is your kinda thing.
,Recommended,322190,23449633,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DaveKap,"Got this on the 3DS, got it again for the PC. It's way prettier on the PC!Think XCOM but side-scrolled and the game is about skillfully ricocheting bullets to headshot your foes instead of depending on RNG. It's got leveling up, farming for better gear, and a damned good soundtrack. I'd consider this game a required purchase!"
,Recommended,322190,32905894,Posted: 27 June,all,Klaxsun,HATS YOU CAN GET SO MANY HATS.One of the primary ways to get cooler hats is to literally SHOOT THEM OFF THE HEAD OF YOUR ENEMIES.10/10 volvo take notes.
,Recommended,322190,30661892,Posted: 21 March,all,Chaser324,"I was a little unsure about how well XCOM inspired gameplay would translate to a 2D plane, but it actually works very well. Incredible amounts of polish on every aspect of this game. Great 10-20 hour experience (or even more if you go in for New Game Plus)."
,Recommended,322190,25581433,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,GodofDrakes,"An original and well polished turn based strategy. It's not a particularly deep game but it's a well polished one and together those traits make it very approachable and easy to recommend to anyone.ProsApproachable RPG. Health, Damage, and Move are the only stats.Manually aim your skills. Shots can bounce off walls and obstacles. Sniper characters and pull off some fun trick shots.Enjoyable soundtrack. I love the main theme.Difficulty effects reward. This goes a long way to removing most grind from the game. Just go back to an easier level and ramp up the difficulty.New Game+. Start with all characters at level 0 and keep all unlocked hats.Fully rebindable controls. Even supports rebinding controllers! WHY IS THIS NOT NOT A STANDARD FEATURE IN GAMES!Wonderful art style.ConsCan't get the Steamworld Dig hat. On 3DS if you have Dig installed you can unlock a free hat. I really like this hat. I own Dig on Steam. It's installed. No hat. Very disappointed.Lacks and significant customization.Character progression is predetermined.There's a lot of overlap between the character's skills. I only actually used about five of the ten characters available.With some exceptions the 'Sharpshooter' class of weapons are the only ones that get laser sights.The soundtrack does not contain any of the combat or ambient music. Only the tavern songs.Some of the tavern songs are ehhhhh... They do a good job setting the mood in game though.All in all, worth the asking price. Heck, I already own it on 3DS but bought it again."
76561198052291034,Recommended,322190,23483849,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Arco (Azaiel),"Almost 5 hours in, and I am enjoying the game since the first minute.As you might have read, this is a 2D sidescroller tactical turn strategy game. What a curious combo, honestly, but what is even more curious is that the developers have managed to blend all this genres very well and crafted an original and very enjoyable game.Apart from the robust core gameplay, you have to add a charming atmosphere, interesting and varied characters, and hats, lots of hats.Recommended if you like turn-based tactical strategy games."
76561197984307421,Recommended,322190,23646971,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Brinstil,Fantastic TBS-RPG. Great graphics/music/gameplay. Just buy the damn thing!!!
76561198100372022,Recommended,322190,23446762,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,NoKungFu,"I've only just played the first few missions, but this game seems very well made.  Small download.  Controls feel right.  I like the art style and the music is fitting.  Seems like there are a lots of customizations.  I was able to just jump in and start having fun right away."
76561198113354508,Recommended,322190,23685397,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Big Yonsan,"9/10 would wear it on my head.The atmosphere and music is fantastic and the gameplay is challenging without being unfair. The exp penalties keep you from getting too far ahead in the game without completing a level well instead of just completing it.-1 to any company that advertises NewGame+ without letting you carry your experience and equipment back with you, at least on equal or lower difficulties."
,Recommended,322190,33955819,Posted: 1 August,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"SteamWorld Heist is a turn-based/worms-like combat/strategy/rpg with rogue-like elements. And geez... a hell of a gem!Pros:+ Art style: Steampunk/space-cowboy(cowbot for that matter) theme, animations characterization, cutscene retro-futuristic presentation, all, everything is conducted well and blends perfectly.+ Humor: Story is fun.+ Sound design and soundtrack: That kind of effort for putting well composed, greatly performed thematic songs into a game... man, that developer is great. Their respect for their work and creation is so obvious you cant help but admire them.+ Gameplay: It is fluid, it is fun, it sucks you in, what else a player can expect?+ Balance: They did great job in there too. You can go casual, relax, or go hardcore and batsh*t crazy.+ Price tag: Its a dream for that kind of game and content. I must admit, i bought it on sale but after playing it, went back and bought the dlcs too to support the developer.Neutral:* Once the game ends, it makes you crave for more! And here it is: new game plus+! Geez they tought of everything. But still hunger persists.Cons:None. Really... None...Pure gem. 10/10 from me. Dont miss it. If the premise looked charming in anyway to you, go for it, pick'n play, youll never regret it. My radar is 'on' for this developer. I wonder what will they offer in the future."
,Recommended,322190,26260643,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,hockeyhacker97,"I had low expectations, picked it up on a 40% off sale, was pleasently surprised. I have only played the medium difficulty so far, but deffinitly thinking of turning it up, its AI on medium is fairly competent but still will screw up its aim from time to time, which the aiming is kind of what makes it better then expected, rather then a flat out dice roll for hit/miss like Xcom your gun kind of wobbles a bit meaning you can control wither you hit or miss by lining up the shot and waiting for the gun to be exactly where you want it, and you can take ricochet shots (often required to hit enemies in cover)The loot itself so far seems a bit bland, but really in a turn based strategy game the mechanics outweight the loot, and the mechanics are enjoyable.  All in all, what little wrong there is with the game is just nit picky things that are highly subjective (like loot and difficulty), its story is skipable if you don't care about story in turn based strategy games."
,Recommended,322190,23601267,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,gt,"The devs themselves state they drew inspiration from XCOM and Worms, and that's a pretty apt summarisation of the game.Solid mechanics, and surprisingly long with some room for replayability. There are some minor gripes with the gameplay, like being forced to melee when within a tile which can severely limit your options, missing out on bonus actions without prompt, and a disproportionate cost for failure, but it's all generally not a big deal."
,Recommended,322190,27971372,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Manbeast,"A fantastic turn-based strategy game with interesting characters, challenging missions and HATS!I have only two minor issues with this game.1) Weapon balance. Common weapons of the same tier generally deal the same damage, and this is an issue. Pistols have perfect aim while SMGs and shotguns do not. When all three deal identical damage on a direct hit, the pistol is clearly the superior choice in almost all situations, with the shotgun being the least useful. Only sniper weapons and heavy weapons are exceptions to this, due to the usefulnes of laser sights with the former and area damage of the latter.2) New Game Plus. This is literally just a reset of the entire game, except you get to keep your crew members. I felt like this wasn't properly explained in the confirmation pop-up and I would not have started NG+ had I known that. A way to swap between NG+ and the regular mode would have been nice, rather than permanently changing my save file.All in all still one of the best game I played this year. The Outsider DLC is also highly recommended."
76561198014166179,Recommended,322190,23842496,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Buffinator,"Steamworld Heist is a turn-based combat game. You build up a crew of ""cowbots"" of various classes. Aiming and positioning are very important and I've had a lot of fun with the game. The dialogue is meh, but not the focus of the game really. This game is a pretty solid buy.So, the reason I decided to write this review was because of the music in the game... I've just been sitting in the bar listening to the robut band play and they have what appears to be an original steampunk themed songs that are whimsical, but actually really pretty awesome. It's the little things, you know?"
76561198046801371,Recommended,322190,29305072,Posted: 16 January,all,Forger of Masks,"Just finished my first playthrough of this game.  What a phenomenal, comical and tactical game!  I genuinely had a blast from start to finish!  There are some difficult challenge missions that you'll probably need to grind to get enough cash to buy better equipment or experience to level up your bots, but replaying the levels is so satisfying since the layouts are randomized each time.  The banter between characters and the ""voice over"" make it appealing for all ages.  Definitely recommend this to anyone looking to get into turn based strategy games without jumping into the more tense situations of XCOM and the soul shattering loss of characters in Darkest Dungeon.  One of the best games this year.  Why are you still reading this, Buy It!"
76561198072455447,Recommended,322190,26297547,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,petr.scheglov,"This is one of the best games I found on Steam this year. Steam robots are so crazy, randomized locations are beautiful, challenges are acceptable. Guns, perks and hats allow to customize heroes and your tactics for missions.Waiting for more missions in new DLCs and great battles with all the team involved."
76561197983064288,Recommended,322190,31126887,Posted: 13 April,all,Toast,"Great tactical turn based gameplayCompares to XCOM, Wasteland 2, Worms, even Shadowrun. Loved game, buy and play."
,Recommended,322190,25681461,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Pier,Nice casual strategy game. A bit simplistic and repetitive at times but with great art and polished gameplay.
76561198310681513,Recommended,322190,23498107,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Nicolas,"Good game. Fun for 10-12 hours, but gets stale after a while."
,Recommended,322190,23694025,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,pabloandnene,"I keep telling myself, ""Just one more mission, then I'll stop for the day..."" Five more missions later, I still would have a hard time stopping. Easy to pick up, addicting turn based gameplay, lots of variety in guns and enemies (and hats) to keep you interested in playing more. Great art style and music, too!"
,Recommended,322190,24042676,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Big Dick Richie,"SteamWorld Heist is a game in which you assemble and equip a team of robots to take down enemies; where you battle them in a tactical, turn-based style on a 2D spaceship. Similar to XCOM(which I loved playing), it is an incredibly fun game to play-whilst still being challenging.Pros:-Gameplay is very fun and engaging-also smooth-Controls are customizable and easy to use-Graphics are friendly with a cool art style-Sound is an amazing touch where it highlights the combat and different game mechanics of the game. The music/soundtrack is amazing!-Yes it is replayable-just like SteamWorld Dig-Due to its small filesize and requirements it is playable on most if not all computers and therefore is very accessible :D-Hats :DCons:-Infrequent FPS lag spikes, nothing major though-No multiplayer-Would be amazing if you could further customize robotsIn conclusion, this is definetely one of the better games I have ever played and, without a doubt I would reccomend it to anyone-it's worth its price and its amazing gameplay. I am in full understanding of the game's small and capable and yet surely growing team but I am in full and true support of the game's progress and expansion as the SteamWorld games are one of my favourite and I would love to see what they become in the future and how many different ones do come out. -For people who loved playing games like XCOM and/or Worms then this is definitely something you should check out, buy and further support the team.9/10 :)"
76561198172620910,Recommended,322190,29073257,Posted: 6 January,all,mchev1313,"I don't review many games on Steam but after beating this game on Experienced (medium difficulty) I want to promote thiis game in the hopes of getting a sequal.One of the best games I've played in a bit and some of the best turn based tactical action I've ever played. Simple to pick up and start playing with well balanced character types givng the player the ability to develope their own winning strategy, not just try to discover the one the developers want you to choose.My single issue with the game, melee could have been developed a bit more.Still a fantastic game, I'm very happy with my purchase and I hope for the alluded to sequal."
,Recommended,322190,27133662,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sunshine,"I paid full price for this game, and I absolutely do not regret it. It's a well-rounded game overall, with fun music & graphics, great gameplay and good value overall for the money,"
,Recommended,322190,28954419,Posted: 2 January,all,zapbark,"Solid tactical shooter.Like a 2d-Xcom, which ends up giving it *more* tactical options.Do trick shooting, by richocheting bullets or focus fire on destructable cover to eliminate your enemy's options.Lots of character types and a great selection of customizable equipment makes it feel like you have important decisions.The challenge curve if perfectly done.  Great mix of light, fun and difficulty.Well done."
,Recommended,322190,33153679,Posted: 2 July,all,nickd_games,If Xcom and Worms had a steam powered robot baby in space this would be it!
,Recommended,322190,23502310,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Dhiammara,"Even though I haven't played alot of hours in this game yet, I love it. It's challenging, funny and looks amazing. If you like Xcom-type-games, you definitely love this game. Can't recommend it enough.9/10"
76561198058244954,Recommended,322190,23533298,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,BurningDonkies,"Absolutely Fantastic!  I loved this game.  10/10  This is what games should be, fun, quirky and challenging.  Prepare for boarding! as you command a rag-tag team of steampowered automaton pirates in an epic turn-based, skill shot extravaganza!  Smash and shoot, take their loot leave those scrappers shaking in their boots!The theme of SteamWorld is very immersive, helped in no small part by the MUSIC!  I had not heard of Steam Powered Giraffe before playing this game but they have become an instant favorite of mine GREAT CHOICE DEVELOPERS!Game played smooth on my comp, no bugs, no probs just hours of fun trick shotting the bad guy and watching their junked body go skittering across the floor....holy crap so satifying :DHat collecting was fun, (inside joke i'm sure) team building was great...managing their weapons was simple, the interface isn't complicated.Would have liked to have a quick-bind to go right to the inventory (I kept pushing ""I"" on the keyboard out of reflex)Other than that this has been the Best game I've played in a while.Play it, it's fun, great music and you shoot stuff :D"
,Recommended,322190,23492111,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Tatera,"I'm a big Steam Powered Giraffe fan, and I found the game through them. It's beautiful and I adore the gameplay as well. I was surprised to see a DLC first day, but I did not mind at all! I can't wait until the soundtrack is available to be bought- the music is glorious!However, this is not for people who dislikes enemies who call for goons. Because this game ♥♥♥♥ing drowns you in them."
,Recommended,322190,29451941,Posted: 23 January,all,Emrys,"I was really surprised to find myself enjoying this game as much as I did. Yes, the mechanichs could've been a bit deeper (non-linear upgrades, for example, both for abilities and guns), but as it stands the game takes a concept and executes it perfectly. The style of steambots is great, the sound effects are great, the aiming is great, the controls are snappy even though it's a turn-based game. The AI can be weird sometimes, but most of the time their aiming is somewhere on the level of a really accurate star wars stormtrooper. I beat the game with DLC with all-gold rankings on Experienced in about 18 hours and I find myself wishing there was just a bit more. Perhaps I will replay it again on Elite in NG+, while waiting for the next I&F title"
,Recommended,322190,23513648,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Imperial Knight,Sleeper hit. Not enough people know about this game. Must play.
,Recommended,322190,23456174,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Zevious,"This game is great fun! Easy to pick up, love the graphics, game play is challenging but fun, and loot system and character upgrades compel you to play ""just one more ship!"""
76561198019272718,Recommended,322190,23453441,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Beachdude0219,"This is a fantastic 2D side scrolling RPG turn based game. It has a a funny cast, great visuals, and a wonderful soundtrack by steam powered girrafe. I highly reccommend this game to anyone!After months of coming back to this game, I feel that it has great replayability due to the large cast and distinct play styles. I would like to see more add ons and a sequel some day!"
,Recommended,322190,23477564,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Flankus,"Colorful, atmospheric, humorous and fun. Great music. Well produced. Great to see a game where all of the parts are there and working great. Reccommended!"
,Recommended,322190,31895821,Posted: 21 May,all,OneDeadLombax,"I've only played about 4 hours over the past few weeks, but I can honestly say (even at this point) that the game is fantastic.It has the movement mechanics of XCOM, but the skill-based gameplay and customization of Worms.Well-drawn graphics, good music and audio, procedural levels, funny characters...an all-around good game."
76561198002284949,Recommended,322190,25328355,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Blargfeld,"Thoroughly enjoyable. Nice mix of tactics and skillshots, art is great animation is smooth, music is pleasant, altogether perfect indie game"
,Recommended,322190,23652846,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Tedstar,Hours of fun! Wish it can be even longer with more levels!But it is perfect in its way!
,Recommended,322190,23646382,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Hats_for_Cats,"Had a blast playing this, would reccomend.Only wish the campaign was longer (there's Dlc though I guess)."
76561198023212381,Recommended,322190,33214465,Posted: 3 July,all,Baykahman,"GameplaySteamworld Heist is a 2D turn based shooter, that allows the user to aim their weapon each turn. This allows for headshots to induce critical attacks, use the environment, and to ricochet bullets. You are also suppose to recruit new team members with different abilities, and develop them to unlock their powers. In order to complete the game, it is almost essential to have four characters fully leveled up, and at least someone with a top tier weapon.TacticsSuccess will be determined by how you strategically place your Steambots to allow for maximum defense and attack position. Levels are randomly generated, but rarely did I encounter a level that felt unfair. There are a variety of ways to find cover, whether it's a destructible barrel, sturdy plasma shield, or an indestructible steel support. Similar to XCOM, you can choose to move to a point where you can attack post movement, or sprint to a location where you won't be able to attack that turn. The environment also provides explosive objects that can be used for or against you. At times, you may be required to ricochet a bullet to an explosive barrel in order to avoid disaster, combining to mechanics into one action. These moments really make you feel like a badass, but at the same time the game expects you to be intelligent enough to recognize when you're suppose to do theses things.On the standard difficulty, the enemy AI is rather forgiving. They are rarely in the open, but at the same time they are not the most accurate when firing back at you. The most devastating enemies are ones with forward facing indestructible shields that rush and melee you. About half of the levels have alarms, which require you to beat a level in a certain amount of turns. While alarms are active, more enemies appear and have to be disposed of. When the enemy outnumbers you significantly is when you'll run into trouble. At that point it doesn't really matter how smart they are when they outgun you.StoryThe story starts off with self interests in mind, but then leads to you wanting to save the world, like any great story. Technically, you and your crew are pirates. There are other pirates in the system that are causing trouble, and you don't want the Royal Fleet coming in and disturbing your pillages, so you try to end it so things calm down. From there it progresses and you'll end up facing three different enemy races each with distinct abilities and personalities. The art style in combination with the script brings this game to life and they work well together. As simple as the story is, it is fulfilling and feels original.ClassesThe following classes are available during gameplay:Sniper - Weapons have laser sight which allows for great accuracy, and for seeing the trajectory of a bullet when it ricochets, allowing for complex shots to be taken. However, snipers can't shoot if they move during a turn (unless the weapon they are wielding allows for that).Assault - Weapons consist of sub machine guns and shotguns. Assault class can be used in close up or mid range situations. Depending on the weapon wielded, it will usually be inaccurate and high in damage, or moderatly accurate with moderate damage. Assault classes usually have average health as well.Vanguard - This is the close range class that can wield shotguns or submachine guns. Usually posesss abilities that regenerate health or have high defense to support their close range role. Equipping with a shotgun is recommended.Heavy - Contain explosive type weapons or mini guns. This class isn't unlocked until the middle of the game, but I found it to be very essential. Like a sniper, sometimes can't fire a weapon after they've moved. The heavy will deal the most damage of any class, but may have low health and defense. I would not have beaten the game without this class.ArtThe 2D art is very good and original. There aren't too many animations, but the ones that are executed are done very well without any noticeable flaws. I particularly liked when enemies were killed they would explode into a bunch of parts that would fall on the floor, because they are steambots. It was usually done in slow motion as well, so you would be rewarded visually each time you killed an enemy. The bullet impact would also be in slow motion, allowing for you to register the location of your bullet and if you got a critical hit which contributed to the kill. The backgrounds of the galaxies, interior of the ships, and weapons all have details about them that show a real effort was made to make each item in the game be apart of the world.SummaryI had more fun playing this than I did XCOM: Enemy Unknown. The control I had hitting enemies, while also using strategy makes it superior in my opinion, despite the game not being in 3D. I spent about 15 hours playing this, but each moment I was progressing and being pushed to purchase new weapons and armor. The story was advancing in each moment as well, at no point did I feel like I was wasting my time. The final boss is extremely hard, but I was able to win in two tries, with a mix of luck and skill. This game is a must play, and you'll likely be able to get it on sale."
,Recommended,322190,33175413,Posted: 3 July,all,Cuix,"For a long while, I totally tossed this game aside as being not worth attention. It has that sort of ""Mm, why, good show, sir! You win 3 internets, and you are a gentleman and a scholar!"" type of humor/presentation which feels completely high-school-ish to me. However, remembering that Cool Ghosts and Extra Credits both recommended it, and seeing as it was on sale for a mere 5 bucks during the summer, I decided to give it a try anyway.13 hours later, I can comfortably say that this game is well worth checking out. That childish humor only shows up in a few places, standing in odd contrast to writing which is otherwise surprisingly solid. The game doesn't take itself too seriously, but still sets up a solid story that's easy to follow. Many of the crew members are quite likeable (I'll exclude Sally), and the cast you meet along the way are archetypical but not dull.Mechanically, this game is brilliant. The shooting feels consistent, and the different types of guns really set themselves apart. Leveling up feels good, getting new equipment feels good, but neither out does the other. Movement can be a touch slow and floaty, but being able to tab between characters during movement is a nice touch.Music and graphics were, for me, nothing to write home about, but the sound design is generally solid and I almost never found any inconsistencies between what I saw on the screen and what was actually happening. The hats are neat, though some like the unicorn and goat add an unwelcome splash of lolsorandom humor.Overall, definitely recommended, and I'll be looking out for more from this crew."
76561198031105567,Recommended,322190,33842483,Posted: 27 July,all,Epaxi,Great turnbased strategy and skillbased game. On the harder levels it really punishes you for making rash calls and pushing your luck.I would have liked some choice/costumization regarding the level up system of the characters but a solid game. Well worth the gallons.
76561198354729899,Recommended,322190,33415111,Posted: 9 July,all,dubrider,"Love this game! Everything from the artwork to gthe gameplay, soundtrack and game mechanics is awesome. Really like the twist on the turn based style where you can actually aim the shooting phase. Despite the basic looking artwork and masssive charm this is still a very challenging and rewarding game. Good job!"
76561197994721731,Recommended,322190,33955282,Posted: 1 August,all,<[MIA]>ltgen Dr Zero Army 2,"The second best hat simulator around (No, Seriously, look at the ammount of hats they have)In all seriousness, this is a great game with fantastic gameplay, spot on humour and plenty of characters.Each mission is differnt every time you play it, and so you could do one play through, and then be completley thrown off guard because the layout of the same mission on the 2nd playthrough is differen't, or the cover is differen't. I would reccomend this to anyone who would enjoy a shooter that takes skill more than luck as the ammount of crazy shots that can be pulled off.The only criticism I have is that some of the charm (but not much, so it really wouldn't matter to most people) is lost when playing in the final area as the enimies don't have the same charm or humour as previous ones.P.s, I played this for ages on the app version so even though I have little hours, I know what I am talking about."
,Recommended,322190,23529398,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dtotheon,"This game is extremely good. I wholeheartedly recommend it. It's like the developers took X-Com's combat system and made it 2D.Pros:-The Combat SystemSteamWorld Heist was able to take everything good about X-com's combat system and make it 2D. It also made some tweaks that I like more than X-com. One example is that shots are not based off of dice rolls. What that means is that when I line up a shot, it will hit whatever I'm aiming at. If you line up the shot correctly, you can shoot enemies that are behind cover.-The Art DesignThe game looks amazing. The robots are detailed and cool looking. Space looks awesome and colorful. My favorite part has to be that you can collect a bunch of different hats for your characters to wear.-The SoundtrackThe music is really good. It's well composed and it fits the space western theme that the game is going for. I really wish that it was available to purchase.-Boss FightsI was honestly surprised when I came across the first boss. The games that I have played similar to SteamWorld Heist did not have what I would call bosses. The bosses that I have fought each have had special abilities and multiple phases.Cons:-The StoryLet's get this out of the way first, I'm NOT saying that the story is bad. What I'm saying is that the story is the weakest part of the game. The beginning, middle, and end of the game felt really disconnected to me. I can't go into more detail without spoiling the plot, but know going in that it's not the best.-Lack of Mission VarietyMy biggest problem with the game is that a lot of the missions feel the same. Most of the time it's go in, kill bad guys, collect loot, escape. The game adds things like doors that won't open until you destroy a generator, but it never feels any different. I can't tell you which mission would be my favorite (excluding boss fights) because they all feel so similar. This is somewhat solved with The Outsider DLC, but that felt more like a bandage instead of a fix.There you have it. Like I said earlier, I recommend SteamWorld Heist. The Cons section is a bit nitpicky because there is honestly not a lot wrong with the game.I hope this review was helpful to you,D2"
76561198141259137,Recommended,322190,30766969,Posted: 26 March,all,hattrick,"Very fun game with a cool artwork style. Completely different gameplay from the similar looking game SteamWorld Dig, although this game has a deeper story progression. Definitely recommend if you want a game with strategical and action elements and gameplay thats easy to pick up and not overly complex."
,Recommended,322190,30491276,Posted: 13 March,all,Timbre Tone,"If anything about this game's central premise tickles your gaming bones then I urge you to pick up on the grounds that it pulls off it core gameplay so well. The actual mechanical strategy in this game is fairly minimal, but the skill-based aiming is integrated so well that it's novelty outshines anything else. Once you accept the game's modest scale and pull off a few sweet trick shots you'll be hooked. It's got an imaginative setting and cool art-style, even a handful of original songs. The story isn't bad, but is generally only ever told through a barrage of text bubbles between characters that will likely only hold the attention of the super-invested."
,Recommended,322190,23502761,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Maximus,Just two words.... Must Play !!!
,Recommended,322190,23498027,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Snerkus,"Great game, loved it on 3ds and had to buy the pc ver for those sweet hd visuals (plus the dlc, which I hadn't played)"
76561197980796094,Recommended,322190,34764733,Posted: 5 September,all,witness1,"Ever wanted to play a space pirate steampowered robot with a hearty crew of space pirate steampowered robots? In fancy hats? Get LOOT, overthrow governments, battle evil intruders from outer space. Pick your team with care, because it will change the way you play the missions dramatically. There are unlockable skills, equipment bonuses and of course different hat styles to consider. Great turn based strategy game á la X-Com or Worms. The visuals are stunning! Fantastic soundtrack, partially by ""Steampowered giraffe"", who are really cool. All in All the game is Top20 material.Follow me as a curator athttp://store.steampowered.com/curator/28337205-Fair-Minded-Witness/?appid=264200"
,Recommended,322190,35154012,Posted: 23 September,all,"❥ Soliora, the Sky Dancer","Adorable little game that is the right balance of difficulty and story! Would recommend for anyone looking for a genuinely tricky, but fun experience!"
,Recommended,322190,32722186,Posted: 24 June,all,Giorno,literally only giving this a thumbs up because they give you bonus XP when you raise the difficulty. MORE GAMES SHOULD DO THIS IT IS AWESOME
76561198236816864,Recommended,322190,26007729,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Injourn,"Broad Review: This is a turn-based strategy game where the player must use their robots to reach an objective. There are several different classes that are used and introduced in the game each with something unique and useful to bring. Similar to Worms, each person can attack once per turn, but unlike Worms the turns are for the whole team rather than just one person on the team.tl;won't read : This game is a fun little time waster if you can get past the bullcrap but it the game doesn't even try to do anything new and it will have a hard time keeping you engaged. If there was more effort put into the gameplay or story than I would be much more amused.Numbering:Gameplay:4/10Story:2/10Music:6/10Visuals7/10Overall6/10For a more extensive review, please see below:Gameplay: 4/10This game plays well and runs well even on my weak laptop, however, the gameplay lacks depth and will become boring as the story is not intersting in the slightest. Also, there are plenty of game design choices that are either bad or ones that I did not agree with. These problems include:Difficulty SpikingThe difficulty curve is a bit wonky even in the short time that I played it, act 1 was very easy but 2 missions into act two is where the ai gets extreme aiming ability as well as abilities that you won't even know existed that allows them to do things that you aren't even sure you'll ever be able to do...  in short the gameplay becomes unfair instead of difficult because of it.Infinetly Spawning EnimiesHonestly, I thought videogames were over this. Never have I played a game with infinitely spawning enemies and thought it was amazing. Even worse, enemies that spawn in the middle of a match have a turn although, luckily, they don't always take advantage of it. This is a legit bad design choice as it shows just how much your game lacks depth and it is just artificial difficulty.Randomly Generated MissionsThis is another design choice that confused me because it removes several elements of strategy from the game. It's obvious this was added in to prevent the player from getting an edge but it is not fun for a single player game. Especially considering that there is no way the player can know which characters to bring anyway meaning you will have to play missions several times before finding out what works.There are some good design choices, very few but very fun. The gunplay is interesting and the ability, while mostly useless, are fun to mess around with. Other than that there isn't much to say.Story 2/10Here's a story that you've never heard before, evil underdogs rebel againts a society that is being ruined by a superior foe. A very unique concept that has only been done in almost every form of media and each genre in that respective media. Like the gameplay, the story doesn't bring anything new to the table but it does little to offend and that's why It scores very low. If it was bad then there could have been some enjoyment out of it, but it lacks depth and it does nothing with the concept. The characters do not help, there is absolutely nothing interesting about the charcters beyond the first few missions, this is true in most games but this time it was particularly dreadful because there is so much that could be done with the characters in the world yet the chance is missed completely. The writing has it's moments but they are very few and hard to find because you will skip it... because it's boring. In short, interesting premise that is brought down by boring characters and an equally boring plot.Music: 5/10The music during the gameplay was bad, not to say it was horrible but it wasn't passible. The tracks aren't very inspired and feels as if it was made quickly and haphazardly. It also loses it's effect as it is played all of the time and there is no intensity with harder/more enimies which feels like a huge wasted oppurtunity.HOWEVERthere is good music in the rest of the world, namely the bar. Music helps make a game more immersive and the bar helped build the world. Unfortunatley, it was great at best and overall, the music is brought down due to the lame gameplay music.Visuals: 7/10This game's art is not bad. In fact, it is simple enough to remain memorable and unique enough to have it's own identity. Everything that needs to be there in terms of gameplay elements is easily distinguishable making it easy to look at and play. It is only a seven though becuase while it is very good, it isn't new nor interesting. I honestly would have glazed over this game had it not been recommened to me because this style, steampunk, is not my thing. I do know other people enjoy steam punk and you wouldn't be looking at this review for this game if you weren't interested.My overall opinion: This game is very well polished and has had a clear amount of effort put it and some aspects its play. However, unlike most strategy games, this game lacks depth and very quickly becomes unintersting. There isn't anything new in this game in the first place and if you have ever played any 2-D strategy game and didn't enjoy it, you will Definetly NOT enjoy this.It may be obvious by now but I did NOT enjoy playing this game. So why did I reccommend it? Because if you can get past the lack of depth and boring story than you have a fun little time waster on your hands and I mean that with a lot of sincerity. If you play this game casually, rather than a hardcore game, then you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,322190,23847414,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fund,Played steamworld dig and loved it. So I thought i owed them an honest try of this game and man I loved it. Really fun strategy game with cool RPG elements. Plays a lot like a 2D xcom.
,Recommended,322190,24027033,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,bishop3000,"This game is a rare gem.Robots, great graphics and sounds, nice variety of weapons and other tools, good enough humor and great missions.And you can even replay old missions and get loot and exp again - loving it"
,Recommended,322190,29073081,Posted: 6 January,all,papaya,"tl;dr pick up on saleIt's a very, very neat concept. It's also nothing like Steamworld Dig, as far as I can tell, so don't expect that.Unfortunately, it also grates on you very quickly. The music especially. Why does it seem like there's only one track? They got an actual band to do music for this game, and I think I've only heard the same track for the entirety of the game!When it's fun, it's fun. When it's not, its an absolute chore. You'll get your money's worth, but it'll feel like you bled the game dry to get it.However! For killing a bit of time, it's a blast. Not a sit-down and play through game, very much taken best in small fun doses."
,Recommended,322190,23956116,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Aliandris,"An excellent hat-stealing and hat-retrieving simulator, with a pretty good turn-based shooter underneath.10/10, would nearly lose a round trying to retrieve my hat again."
76561198004767061,Recommended,322190,23528464,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Warlord,"Just WOW! Such a great concept (tactical turn based shooting game?), paired with a lovely setting, surprisingly engaging characters and simply amazing music.It all *clicks* together perfectly! I'm hooked!NOTE: Before buying the game I've had some concerns about playing it with mouse. I shouldn't have - it works just fine!"
,Recommended,322190,29752557,Posted: 6 February,all,One Winged Thanatos,"Great game, it´s a Tactical RPG like X-Com or FF Tactics but with the ability to aim (nothing is percent based except criticals, and even those can be usually achieved with headshots) it´s presented in a 2D side scroller fashion but its turn based.In short:Cool Setting (Steampunk pirate robots in outer Space)Nice Visual DesignsFun Gameplay (a little easy in my opinion, but not easy enough to become boring)10-15 hrs long Story (not that good but the style in which is told more than makes up for that in my opinion)PERFECT game to get into the genre and a blast to play, recommended at full price"
76561198007993736,Recommended,322190,23552225,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Корниш-рекс,Just start playing.Amazing visual and audio (music in bar is superb).For now it looks like fancy style turn based tactic. Exactly what I love.I'll write more later.
,Recommended,322190,23641576,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dusty,"Targeting mechanism --- √Interesting characters --- √Fun and strategy-based battle --- √Hard but rewarding difficulty --- √Awesome music --- √Tons of good reference (like Firefly , Dark Souls etc) --- √Hat --- √10/10 would heist again .A tip for beginner : If sombody tries to kill you , you kill him right back ."
,Recommended,322190,33214226,Posted: 3 July,all,Rosminn,Never really played a turn-based strategy game other than Pokemon but I had a great time with this game.
76561198161631598,Recommended,322190,32352005,Posted: 11 June,all,It Hurts To Live,I got this at half price and I would have paid full price for it if I knew it was this good.
,Recommended,322190,33240988,Posted: 4 July,all,Tucker Cobble,"TL;DR? buy it. yes, it is worth it at full price.i was drawn to this game by some youtube channels i follow, i thought ""oh, it has one or two small notable mechanics"" because that's what those videos focused on. i thought it was nothing remarkable. i thought it waas a fun small thing to interest me, quell a thirst for new design mechanics and let me be on my way.what i did not think, however, is that i would be playing the closest we'll get to a Firefly game. yes, that firefly, the joss whedon, nathon fillion, one season, serenity, Firefly. the soundtracck was made with more care than i could expect, the graphics have polish you will appreciate, and the gameplay is involving and impactful, there is a feel to it, and it weaves every bit together just right.i've bought this 4 times now, once for me, and 3 as gifts. worth every cent."
,Recommended,322190,30441544,Posted: 10 March,all,Tommy,"I literally just finished the game, and it was AMAZING! Would recommend anyone who likes explosions, pulling off mad shots, and Turn Based Strategy. What I like is no boss is overpowered as such, they all have a weak point, but some of the enemies and that GOD they can be annoying.My only problem would be that I completed it in 12 hours of gametime, and there isnt much else to do. But still great game"
76561198070875710,Recommended,322190,32207920,Posted: 5 June,all,Cultefact,"This game from its artwork to its playability and user friendliness is a must have for any turn-based lover. The warm fuzzy feeling, when you complete a mission with these beautifully crafted bots and fit them with different hats with many references, can't be found in a lot of games.Absolutely recommended.Hope the creative minds behind this make other games."
,Recommended,322190,32645765,Posted: 22 June,all,Lord Selrahc,"Having only gotten a bit into it, I found it very enjoyable. I've heard of this game from a trailer or something, and I said ""hey that looks fun"", and then there was a sale on steam for half off. Bought it, and it's quite fun. Even though I just started I have a nice range for team members and such. Very fun."
76561198061200283,Recommended,322190,32856211,Posted: 27 June,all,cage8,"Wildly enjoyable!It's simple and fun, with the option to make it very challenging if you want.The graphics are the perfect blend of cool and cute.The characters you play are well defined and charismatic.The game play is well thought out and very addictive.The only downside is that the inventory management is poorly done - it's a hastle to equip your characters .Otherwise the most enjoyable game I've played in a long time!"
,Recommended,322190,32884713,Posted: 27 June,all,RafaRedz,.
,Recommended,322190,23563344,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,HS2020,Two robot thumbs up!
,Recommended,322190,33256253,Posted: 4 July,all,Guthrie,"Dehyrated robot pirates embark upon intergalactic water heists which devolve into hat-sniping missions. Imperial goons with shields require every shot to be a no-scope ricochet headshot. To make things more difficult, every robot breathes heavily, raising the difficulty of the manual aim mechanics of this turn-based tactical shooter."
76561198136275513,Recommended,322190,23631403,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rispido84,"Amazing game and incredible music... Hard to believe how an indie offers a music experience that make triple A soundtracks ""sound like♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.If you're a casual player and you like both turn-based strategy and folk-rock music, just buy it."
,Recommended,322190,30866775,Posted: 31 March,all,adalamba,"An incredibly charming game.I'm honestly not a big fan of turn-based games, but this game has really grown on me! It has BEAUTIFUL music, and an incredible art style and personality.The characters are goofy and funny, and upgrading your crew, gear, and weapons is genuinely fun.Plus, the turn based combat doesn't FEEL turn based, since it requires you to actually aim and use skill to hit your shots. I'd recommend it!"
,Recommended,322190,30698469,Posted: 23 March,all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Polished turned based tactics without hit chanceSuperb folk rock music with great steampunk aestheticsGreat difficulty curve and progression of lootWhat You Need to Know:The game is most easily compared to XCOM in terms of gameplay, it’s a smaller game, so it’s not as expansive. Some might not like that, others will like it for cutting out all the padding and percentage hit chance (yea, no 99% misses) and bringing a polished game without anything to truly hate.Let me say that the story isn’t something to remember. The gameplay is what matters here (Just like that XCOM game, ey?)The setting is steam powered robots that you control, with mostly linear missions and some challenges occasionally. You get water as your currency to buy new gear, weapons, storage space, and recruit.There are about 5 classes with 2 for class having 2 robots you can recruit each with different overall abilities. This means that every character is unique and has a use and can offer lots of compositions. You level them all up to a max level. This can’t be done in one run. Towards the end, I stuck with the same 4 characters, hitting max level within the last hour of playing since I mixed it up a lot in throughout the game.The abilities your characters get are great too, with every new level being a useful upgrade to your character. There is no percentages, just straight health, movement or damage increases; or new abilities (also improving said abilities). Combat is aimed manual by you, so no hit chance. It’s all your trick shots and skill. Love this neat mechanicYour characters can only wield certain weapons. They are the typical gun styles, handguns, sharpshooter, heavy, assault. Lots of your projectiles ricochet, meaning a straight path isn’t always needed to hit your target. The progression of gear is great. After almost every mission you will find a new toy to use, or be able to go and buy one. This is good as the game will never get stale if you’re worried about that.The difficulty is reasonable with 5 different choices, with the middle being perfect as it was good enough for me. You can even change it with every mission if you’re having a hard time. If you fail a mission you lose half of your currency. This might sound harsh, but you can replay any previous mission, so you can make it all back. The AI and enemy difficulty progression is great too, starting with basic enemies with no advanced weapons, gear or tactics. Toward the end you get enemies with shields, teleportation, bombs and charging weapons, and getting better at ricochet hits.The music is perfect for the theme, having a rustic, folk rock sound, played by a steampunk band called Steam Powered Giraffe, with my favorite songs being “Brass Goggles” and “Honeybee” with more on the album for the game. Half of them are the band’s songs just repurposed for the game somehow. I would say a lot of them are good enough and since it has lyrics, some might enjoy them even more to listen outside the game. I know I’ll be getting some of these songs.Overall the game is a shining example that a small team can make a unique turn based strategy game, fill it with charm and great music to fit the theme, giving a great experience that is cheap, short and not padded at all. This game was hard to find anything that some might hate or get annoyed by. With their previous game the robot voices were nowhere near as annoying. Great job on making a superb game. Can’t wait for more in the universe of SteamWorld.My Score:A+Paid: $7.50Completed in: 11.5 hoursGames similar I recommend:RONINSteamWorld DigXenonautsMark of the NinjaTransistor"
76561198094956741,Recommended,322190,23549591,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,svavar82,"Pros:Very addictive and well balanced gameplayGreat art style/graphicsGood variety of itemsGun mechanics and sounds are excellent.Cons:The music isn´t bad but it can get a little repetitiveOverall: 9.5EDIT: I also got this game for my New 3DS XL and it's basically just as brilliant but both versions have their own advantages.It's easier to spot treasures and targets with the map/radar on the bottom screen, although you can't zoom out on the main screen like on the PC version so aiming from a distance without lasersight is a bit harder on the handheld."
,Recommended,322190,23531105,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Krelp,"Honestly, this game is about perfect. It's a fantastically satisfying turn-based, skill-driven 2-d sidescrolling shooter with a robotic cast that's full of character and charm. Absolutely one of the best games I've played in a while, it knows exactly what it is and executes perfectly."
,Recommended,322190,26481579,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Grey Ruffian,"Excellent game, really like the RPG elements of it. I bought this on the strength of Steamworld Dig ..."
76561198000088094,Recommended,322190,23564574,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,GOObER,"I fully recommend this game!It is simple turn based fun ... with lots of weapons and great robot death animations.'Simple turn based fun' is the key phrase here. It does not get much more complicated than that.And it does not get much more rewarding than that. But it does achieve this almost perfectly ...'Simple turn based fun""So you have to ask yourself if this is what you want.If yes then you will be happyIf no then you might get bored"
,Recommended,322190,24099858,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,theluigiguy,"An absolutely fantastic RPG with XCOM-style skill progression and gameplay with the added twist of having to aim all your shots manually. Comes with a pretty interesting storyline and funny character interactions if you take the time to talk to your crew. Level design is great, with tons of variety between levels and decent boss fights."
76561197990832473,Recommended,322190,24174335,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,p235,Hey the rumors are 100% true this is one very good game to kill some time it kind of reminds me of space runner
,Recommended,322190,35239845,Posted: 27 September,all,TheUniporn,"This is a solid casual game. I call this game casual because it's not too challenging and it's not too complex either; it's just very fun to play. Everything this game offers is at least good. I especially loved the art style and soundtrack. The shooting mechanics and the tactical depth, albeit relatively simple, they work very well in this context.Rating: nuts and bolts.*Editors' Pick & solid game award*http://pixelloot.com"
76561198047504969,Recommended,322190,33111796,Posted: 1 July,all,jimmyjam100,"This game is like good. Like really really good.I love almost everything about this game. The only downside is the story and charictors. But the gameplay is so good that I do not care at all.and the music. OH the music. ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. A bit of a mix of jazz, classical rock, and country (I know ussally I hate country too but its just so dam good)If you think this game would be up your ally at all get it. I can not recommend it enough."
76561198060642916,Recommended,322190,23705389,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,EXTREMEPANTS,"Worms mixed with XCOM mixed with great music, great characters, great combat, and just a whole lot of pure fun. This is a must buy, you will not be disappointed!"
76561197964049777,Recommended,322190,28927346,Posted: 1 January,all,crankin,"This is a very fresh take on the turn based genre. You can throw in a little steam punk as well and you have a great game. I really like the loot system and the RPG aspect of the game. If you are looking for a good story, turn base goodness, and steampunk this game is for you. Buy it"
76561197987237619,Recommended,322190,23476611,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[ZiiP] SUPER.HOT,"Steam shows 6.7 hours for some reason but since buying it yesterday I've poured 9 hours in to this and I am absolutely loving it.Quick note: This was first released on the NDS with a DLC pack following 4 months after release. It has been ported (expertly imho) over to PC and the game and DLC have been made available at the same time. The full, non-promotion price would be £18.89 and is completely worth the price. I fully intend to buy the DLC when I've finished what is available in the base game.The game takes place just after 'Steamworld: Dig' but is an entirely different game. It claims XCOM and Worms as inspirations but while I can see the finger prints, I'd say this is closer to something like 'Sword of the stars: The Pit' than either of those.There is a nice variety of chracters, weapons, items, abilities and hats. Leveling characters can require a little bit of grind but it is not excessive and makes sense given the way you access new characters.  Also abilities aren't chosen, they are linearly unlocked as you level but that doesn't really matter in context as you are meant to have a diverse crew that you switch between and match abilities something like Krater, accessing more diverse characters that give you different advantages as you progress. Weapons are fun and it would be worth noting that the yellow guide line you see in the screens and trailer are actually laser pointers which are only attached to certain weapoins and add a nice extra rather than make things easy mode.Excellent game, well worth the price and well worth supporting the Devs - Ignore the silly DLC rage nonesense going around."
,Recommended,322190,32734025,Posted: 24 June,all,SajBear,"Great game, very fun! :)"
,Recommended,322190,24159585,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Deusexit,You know what? It's a decent game.
,Recommended,322190,23504954,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,N64Fan,"A game that reminds me very much of Fire Emblem in terms of gameplay.It is a game about the battlefield you are presented and how you will use it your advantage. Perma-death isn't there, but in order to complete each level to its fullest you have to do it without casualties. You need to play around not only the enemies that you can see, but also the ones you can't, and the ones that will spawn soon.I never felt like I was cheated out of a win, and when I did win I felt I had deserved it.There are character classes, but each character inside those classes has effects unique to them. Vanguards get a damage bonus if they were damaged the previous turn, but some man get single turn invuln they can activate and some get other bonuses.Steam powered robots and an engaging story, each hirable crew mate has a backstory, even if it isn't super fleshed out.I readily recommend this game to strategy gamers, or to those who are trying to get into playing strategy games, five difficulty levels that you can change before every battle really helps everyone get the level of difficulty they want out of the game."
76561198021923845,Recommended,322190,23877610,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,skisfast64,"Pros - Great album and music, similiar to Bastion. Each bar has their own soundtrack and style, which is fun, Game is fast paced. Unlike XCOM there is no permadeath, if a PC does die during a heist it will just lose their XP share.Con - The story is built into text, be prepared to read a lot."
76561197969298386,Recommended,322190,23905216,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vipersniper,"Surprisingly fun and addictive game! It absolutely has the ""just one more round"" factor. Do yourself a favour and buy it. Calculating angles and giving yourself facepalms for miscalculating will soon enough give you some fun moments.. Guaranteed fun!"
76561198002819606,Recommended,322190,27633038,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Taffy,"Nice turn-based shooter that rewards careful planning and lets you wear spiffy hats (purely cosmetic).The description says Worms+X-Com, but the only thing that felt like X-COM were the options for different Loadouts and classes (not like those things are exclusive to X-COM either). It's not a bad thing, though.Overall it's pretty fun, not too difficult to handle even on higher difficulties. The mechanics are simple and very straightforward."
,Recommended,322190,23456884,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,luke,Easy to learn but hard to master
76561198068976232,Recommended,322190,23514754,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,sneakypants,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561197990073893,Recommended,322190,25193050,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hefeweizen,"Wonderful turn based game.  Tactics are more involved than XCOM 2, for what that's worth.  I enjoyed the music and the graphics as well.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,322190,23445597,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kuman,"It's a game about space-faring pirate robots with guns blasting off each other's hats, with tongue-in-cheek sense of humor included. What's not to like?My only complaint is that i kinda hoped that the game would have a perma-death system and stuff when i see that the game is supposedly somewhat inspired by XCOM, but sadly it doesn't.Still, every other aspect that the dev is pitching for this game is all solid. So go buy it."
,Recommended,322190,29092928,Posted: 7 January,all,Infectious Frostbite,"I checked this game out on my phone when I was bored one time. I love turn-based games; they allow me to pick the best decision that that character can make. So this game was awesome for me, not only for the combat but also for the storyline, too. The music's great, the personalities and skillsets each character has is also great, and this game also reminds me of TF2 in a very strange way. Hats. You can customize what kind of hats any of the characters can wear. Even if you want him/her hatless, but you'd have to have an enemy shoot it off for you.Either way, I highly recommend this game for anyone who loves turn-based gaming!"
,Recommended,322190,27995957,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xaijin,"If you are a fan of Xcom, you will like this game. Ricochet shots add an extra dimension to gameplay, even though it is in 2D."
76561198018042499,Recommended,322190,28125305,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,mabd,"This game is amazing and I can't stop playing it. It's rare that I finish a game and jump straight into New Game + (after getting the DLC). Great mix of strategy and skill. Fun story and characters. Beware, it's one of those ""just one more turn"" type of games."
76561197997860484,Recommended,322190,33246073,Posted: 4 July,all,Vladimir,Pretty much a perfect game. 5/5
,Recommended,322190,23570633,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Leezeebub,"I have a couple of very minor gripes with the game (50% of all currency lost on mission failure, and a cluttered inventory system), but otherwise it's an excellent game with a decent amount of content.I'm an xcom fan and found that It's maybe a little bit easy on the default difficulty but there are several options to choose from which can be changed at any time.Overall 8/8 would Heist again."
76561197961032460,Recommended,322190,27702882,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kanada,After completing the SteamWorld Dig (that I got from some basic bundle) I seriously started to wait this game. It was worth it. This game is beautiful to watch and fun to play. SteamWorld is filled with humour and jokes. Like all classics this is easy to get into but hard to master. One of the best games this year.
,Recommended,322190,33527514,Posted: 13 July,all,✠-🎀𝓝𝓮𝓸𝓷🎀,This game is so awesome I love it! totaly worth it!
,Recommended,322190,33661300,Posted: 19 July,all,ganon,I'll be in my bunk
,Recommended,322190,23905293,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Hell.Yeah,AWESOME!
76561197970543225,Recommended,322190,26288093,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Shaben,"Great art style, the controls feel natural, and the world is fun. It's satisfying to set up a trick shot and watch the parts fly."
,Recommended,322190,29612692,Posted: 31 January,all,Octavarium,"An absolutely fantastic turn-based strategy game that is a must play for fans of the genre. It can have its difficulty spikes, but overall its a wonderfully fun experience."
,Recommended,322190,24061763,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Федор Шаляпин,"Just as you enter menu screen, ""The Stars"" by SPG starts playing.I find no reasons not to give this game a pzitive review after that."
76561197970720161,Recommended,322190,31908824,Posted: 22 May,all,Game_Dude,"A very underrated turn-based game centered around a robot pirate captain and her crew. This game spans about 25 hours of missions for 1-4 crew members. They have different abilities and there is also loot like weapons, jetpacks, etc. for your crew to find, buy and equip. The game begins quite simple, but becomes more challenging later on. The most difficult part I found to find actually WHICH four guys I would stick with and level up (Piper, Billy Gill, Seabrass, Valentine).TL;DR: If you like turn based games, have at least a look at this."
76561198273720151,Recommended,322190,33701732,Posted: 21 July,all,Donkey Belly,Feels like a Shadowrun game but with less strategy and less payoff.
,Recommended,322190,32121174,Posted: 1 June,all,superhappy,"Steamworld Heist is #1 in my list of Steam games that deserve more attention than it got. It's what could be described as a combination between Scorched Earth and Fire Emblem... a turn-based strategy game that takes place on a 2d plane where the ability to aim arcing shots is part of the strategy. As far as I know, Steamworld Heist is the first game to try anything like this, and it succeeds quite admirably.As unusual as the game is, it's very intuitive, thanks in part to its multiple difficulty modes, as well as the general structure of the game. The first mission begins with two playable characters, one of which has a scope to help her aim, and a fairly straightforward quest to pick up a certain treasure chest. As more missions are completed, more characters are unlocked, and and new concepts such as time limits and survival rounds come up, all in an organic way that never leaves the player feeling overwhelmed.The art style carries over from I&F's earlier game Steamworld Dig, with larger sprites, each character having their own cool, distinctive robotic design. As for the soundtrack, well, it's beyond reproach. Missions are accompanied by adrenaline-pumping beats, while the occasional visit to a saloon (or victory over a boss) will treat you to a delightful vocal tune from Steam-powered Giraffe. I don't buy soundtracks to go with my steam games often, but I did with this one!As an added li'l bonus, this is one of the few games that adjusts its graphics accordingly if you play it with a Playstation controller in the MacOS version.This game does just about everything right; if I were to find something to nitpick, it's with the hat collection, which is both the best and worst feature, as while most of them can be simply bought or shot off of specific enemies, there are certain ones (a few of which the achievements require) that require luck and grinding... and grinding just doesn't suit this game all that well.Buy this game! We'll be seeing a second Steamworld Dig game this Summer, and it'd be nice to see another Heist game sometime as well!"
76561198110107226,Recommended,322190,23471275,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,DontFearMe.,This game is just awesome!!!!!! Best game killing time.
,Recommended,322190,30717568,Posted: 24 March,all,SolarFlar3,"The game is extremely fun. Good music, okay story, really fun and satisfying gameplay.Disclaimer: This is a fake/staged review, the game is actually a donkey doo-doo fart balloon."
76561197985722163,Recommended,322190,23461429,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[NTF] TacticalNuance,"A charming and tactical game. Charming is not usually a word I'd put into a review, but its really the right word in this case. Nicely paced, easy to get to grips with yet rewards skill and strategy, its a winner."
,Recommended,322190,23467248,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,"An extremely fun (if a little grindy) platformer take on some x-com & worms style combat.Take your turns, move and attack (or sprint), equip gear with neat traits and level up your bots. Best part is that there's no pesky RNG to flub up your shots.I'm loving what I've seen so far."
,Recommended,322190,23909754,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Agraba,"It might be a bit too early to give a game a review after playing it for just 4 hours. The gameplay is easy to get into as well as it being turnbased means that you can take your time but with the aiming mechanic it adds a new element to me when it comes to turn based strategy games.Graphically it is gorgeously stylized with a big emphasis on a ""cartoony"" look if you will which fits the world as a whole. The music is not what I'd listen to with the inspired country music playing in the background BUT it does fit none the less.Good game is good."
,Recommended,322190,23967669,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Yablko,A good video game.
,Recommended,322190,24038113,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mason,"Solidly average turn based game. Nice art, sounds are good. Nothing too frustrating with the controls. Maybe worth picking up on a sale. Can't complain."
,Recommended,322190,23888365,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zetanoid,Soundtrack made by my favorite Steampunk band.Gameplay is Awesome and Highly Addicting
76561197990833427,Recommended,322190,24301102,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Shorts,"Game of the Year material. Solid gameplay, great music, pleasing art style, lots of hats, clutch ricochet shots, what more do you want?"
,Recommended,322190,24262846,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,TheSlyestOfMen,"This has been the most enjoyable game I have played all year. Everything about SteamWorld Heist is near perfect: the character designs, the story, the weapons, the music, etc. I couldn't form a single valid criticism against this game, and having just finished the last mission, I cannot wait to buy the DLC and replay the game.  I did not know what to expect when I picked this game up on the summer sale, but now I know this game is worth much more than $20. Don't miss out!"
,Recommended,322190,24004831,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Trurl,"Fun gameplay, great music, beautiful artwork and engaging story (reminds me of Firefly). The turn based tactics with real time aiming works very well."
76561198095387594,Recommended,322190,24204417,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,rightlinear,Just adding to the praise for this game.
,Recommended,322190,24730052,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,BomiBoogie,"It's a bit like Worms with rogue robots in space, although more stylish imho.The campaign is quite long and the character interactions are enjoyable.Also, the game is limited in a good way, it is possible to play in shorter periods, so it is more for casuals, not like X-COM for example.The art style is refresing, and so is the music (especially the songs in the hubs of space ;).I would say it is a casual strategy, with a unique style, it is worth giving a shot."
76561198282697119,Recommended,322190,35086958,Posted: 20 September,all,braedonmichael,"Great game! I do want to report an error in the game to the developers though. On a mission like royalist tax enforcers an enemy royalist hit the generator taking it out. But, because i wasnt the one who hit it the mission still thought it needed to be taken out. Regardless to say with 2 explosion weapon experts i was unable to hit the generator and complete the misssion.One of the best games ever though!Would break the game with a rogue royalist again 10/10"
76561197970520344,Recommended,322190,35123922,Posted: 22 September,all,Messy Fart,"This game is very addicting.  It's my go-to when having a few beers...as you can see, I need help."
,Not Recommended,322190,32936110,Posted: 28 June,all,Grish,"If you don't like being rushed, this game is not for you. I chose to play Steamworld Dig (not Heist) at the time instead of Spelunky because I like to take my time in video games.In this game however, ""Countdown"" mechanic forces you to hurry up by sending waves of enemies until you complete a level. This is not my main problem. Real buzz killer is that these enemies are infinite in numbers. On top of that, after a number of turns their spawns become doubled and any level with countdown just becomes impossible to finish without casualties. Unfortunately, in every two levels, there is a countdown.So, if you linger, you lose. Sometimes money, sometimes completion stars, sometimes the level. Exact opposite of my game taste. I could be fine with the game, if the number of enemies were somehow standardized. In this case, I think it is a cheap attempt at making the game more challenging. This game didn't deserve such shoddiness. I wish there was an option to disable it. Other than that, it is really a great game, I would play the heck out of it, but I can't recommend because I am extremely dissatisfied. A tasty soup with a fly on it.I hope you don't desecrate Steamworld Dig 2 with similar design choices."
,Recommended,322190,23461147,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,2Sk3tChy,how is it? well here is my youtube video and my impression of it. solid 9/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNS_xgdtkjo
,Recommended,322190,25676996,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ramon,"This game isn't gonna get any game of the year awards but it's got so much charm packed into it. Bottom line, it's a lot of fun. Great game.  No wonder it has massively positive ratings!"
,Recommended,322190,25416131,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ynaq,"I'd be tempted to call this a rogue-lite but it plays more like a JRPG, though i'm tempted not to call it a JRPG because i tend not to like JRPG's. In any event, it's fun and funny and cute, if trivial."
,Recommended,322190,31652644,Posted: 9 May,all,Dusty,"It's fun, it's mechannically amazing, it's got a pretty unique art style, you weirdly start to like different characters and really get into them, there are a lot of different wepons too, ranging from Grenade Launchers, RPGs, Machine Guns, to Shotguns and Pistols, all sorts, all of which have their own little things about them, in my playthrough I got a minigun on one of the characters which was just so good, I got a grenade launcher that shoots 3 grenades at once, you get all sorts, the levels are all new in their own way because they're randomly generated for the most part (which for most games, does not go well, but this game nails it) and the few missions that aren't random are so well designed, the satisfaction you get off of ricocheting a bullet off a wall and it kills the enemy is just, like a lot, when occasionaly there's goop over the floor you shoot it and it just all goes up in flames is wierdly funny, I mean, sure, it's not the most comedic of games, but when it does do comedy it does it so well, it knows it's not a comedic game so it doesn't overdo it, but it has a special little charm, the storyline is, well, let's not talk about that. The storyline isn't that good but hush now, the narrator sometimes pops up with little story bits that are so well done, with kinda the odd charm of uh, y'know those old infomercials? Them. Goddamit I LOVE this game, it is just so good. I love it and if you like any sort of turn-based shooty combat game, simmilar to (as it says) Worms or Xcom then get this game, it is the game for you, and it is just so well made with such good mechanics and lovable characters. I love this game. One of the best I've ever played. P.S., Piper, Seabrass, Beatrix and Ivan are the best characters, both from a gameplay and personality perspective"
76561198081637853,Recommended,322190,29001118,Posted: 4 January,all,Void,Tactical shooter with a great style.
76561198122346578,Recommended,322190,23459616,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Gundoggu,i played this game and it was fun and all but somewhat the magic died fast.;(
,Recommended,322190,26479654,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,You've gotta be kitten me,"It's a good game. It really is. But when the stupid mouse-targetting decided I wanted to shoot at nothing and it caused me to fail the mission, I just can't tolerate it. Failing a mission because of my own bad decisions? Sure. Failing because of a poorly implemented control scheme? No. Deleted. Never installing again.But it's a good game."
76561197961441722,Recommended,322190,27844906,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Destrier,"This is XCOM-light meets Firefly the TV show. Aiming, including in real-time, in a turn-based game is clever and new. SteamWorld Heist also has fantastic recorded (vs. digitally synthesized) original music...I don't know of any other game at quite this level.There are two downsides:1. Platformer view with highly constrained ship layouts turn most combat into a slugfest. The only tactics are chosing when to fall back or use a special power. There's no opportunity to leverage movement and positioning effectively.2. The fantastic art also disguises which floor/ceiling surfaces provide cover and which can be shot through. The fun theme and fun mechanics are in conflict here and diminish both.The controller mapping isn't quite as good as XCOM's, but it is close."
,Recommended,322190,28849941,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,bunnii,"An excellent game. The comparisons with X-Com seem a little odd, although not incorrect. Think more along the lines of Abe's Oddessy with guns!"
76561197969975283,Not Recommended,322190,34891508,Posted: 11 September,all,Dave,"Great game, although save file corupted about half way though, and due to the way the game saves there no backup, and devs say no way to repair. A shame really, but after that not i cant see myself picking this up again."
,Recommended,322190,25704711,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dirty Dan,"Highly enjoyable low-stress XCOM-like. Very interesting hybrid of the aforementioned game and Worms: It's got great customization, inventory management, good weapon variety, and very well put together leveling-up system. The gameplay itself may seem very simplistic but it has interesting depth; chiefly with unit position (As all your battles take place aboard usually cramped spaceship interiors) but more entertainingly enough with bullet ricochet. Pulling off a well-executed (Or outright lucky) trickshot in this game is incredibly satisfying. The different characters also fulfill traditional class roles that we all know and love (Specific abilities and access to specific weapon types, as well as suitably different stats).Apart from the game itself the art style, animation, and catchy soundtrack really tie it all together. It's *loaded* with character and I absolutely adore how charming (And surprisingly bleak) the setting is. I was also surprised by how satisfying the sound effects are.Anyways I'm enjoying this game a lot. It's charming and easy to get into without being shallow and repetative: There's a surprising amount of depth both inside and outside of the combat. An easy recommendation for strategy game fans."
76561198099434352,Recommended,322190,25689214,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BustedKarma53,"What's not to love? It's humorous, turn-based, and has gorgeous artwork and more than enough depth to make it fiendishly addictive. Oh, and the 'hat thing' was inspired; because to the fashion conscious one's choice of headwear at loadout will quickly become an important consideration to make. It's also family-friendly, and a great game for parents/grandparents to play with  the kids; but make no mistake, when the kids have been consigned to their beds the grown ups will be fighting over who's playing this one!"
,Recommended,322190,34889159,Posted: 11 September,all,Widerstand,"Pirate Robots in Space, what else do you expect from life?"
76561198025609397,Recommended,322190,29454287,Posted: 23 January,all,brianslee,Great game! So much fun.
76561198118504078,Recommended,322190,25509515,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DemoElphelt 花嫁,"Gameplay seems fun n all, but i encountered a giltch when you quit/close the game while talking to the Hat Saler, makes you unable to move or do anything , i tried everything, so pls fix, why? since if ya re-start the game, The Hat Saler is saying nothing and you can't skip and can't move, giltch detected right there. idk what Hat Shop honestly, but please fix this"
,Recommended,322190,23495196,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,DiskSystem,"Yeah, it's very good. Recommended especially for X-Com fans or fans of other tactical RPGs."
,Recommended,322190,30759321,Posted: 26 March,all,Cronuscopiae,An XCOM/Worms 2D sidescroller. Insta-like.
,Recommended,322190,30757588,Posted: 26 March,all,♚Kingus,gud gamgud jobgud musikgud mechanicsgud controlsgud charactersgud bossesgud hats
,Recommended,322190,28165745,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nesquick Snake,"I purchased this game a while back on the Nintendo 3DS eshop, since it's been in a final form there for a while.I put about 10 hours into it on the mobile system, and I remember thinking ""Geez, there would totally be a market for this game on Steam!""Lo and behold, Steamworld : Heist has made it's way here, it has a fantastic feel to it, it looks great and the mouse controls are a big boost.This game is not quite XCom for depth, but if you imagine a great reimagining of XCom's combat without much overworld management, you'll understand the basic game loop.Enter enemy junkship, do things that generally involve turning a bunch of robots into scrap heap.The mechanics are pretty satisfying - landing a ricochet shot off a roof to hit an enemy behind cover is a pretty neat trick.Atmospherically, the game has this really neat mix of retrofuturism between this ""turn of the century"" cinema and 2004's Firefly.It seems like many of the levels are randomly generated around a mold similar to Diablo.The only major complaint would be level variety - the only tileset you see is ""rusty metal ship internals"". It'd have been neat to see some more worldbuilding for these cowbots for some asteroids or the like.Overall, this is definitely worth your $15."
76561198113264796,Recommended,322190,28088482,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,A Pedophile Gnome,"Steamworld Heist is simply a fun to play, and it hasn't gotten boring yet.One of the main reasons this game has amazing replayability is that starting over is so dang fun for some reason. The New Game Plus option also allows you to start over keeping your... Well, I won't spoil too much, but it makes restarting feel evenmorefun. It's nice to go back to the basics after beating the entire game, especially since about halfway through, you'll forget what it feels like to not be overwhelmed at all times.PROS:Lots of things.Turn based, but not: Although you and the enemy take turns shooting at each other in a very engaging bar-fight-shoot-out-esque style, you don't simply click on the enemy to attack. Well, I mean, you can. But what I mean is, you do the aiming. Some guns ricochet, some guns deal area damage, some guns pierce. This combined with the fact you have to manually line up your sights with the enemy makes it feel much more immersive.A wide cast of characters: Some people will tell you that some characters become useless at some point, and some are too over-powered. I partly agree. Some characters are practically essential to have late-game, and it becomes pretty obvious that not just ANY team comp will work. However... That said, the characters all have personalities, which are great. Sometimes, after a mission, you can talk to them back on-board and learn something about their past, or their character. Additionally, bringing certain heroes to certain missions prompts dialogue that you otherwise never would have heard. It's up to you to figure that out. Oh and, when I said I partly agreed, I said it because I don't really think any hero becomestotallyuseless. Some characters become more viable, but this doesn't neccessarily mean the rest of the crew becomes useless. If you want a challenge, or are just genuinely attached to a character, by all means, use them!THE GRAPHICS: My gosh, the scenery, the characters, the background... It's all beautiful. I've never seen another game company make something in this exact way - Not to say it's the best thing ever, but it's absolutely gorgeous most of the time, and feels refreshing. Even the dark, gloomy interiors of the Scrapper ships (Don't worry, it's not really a spoiler. They're literally the first enemies you'll encounter.) will take your eye off the battle once or twice... or twenty times... In one level. Not to mention the detail they put into the cosmos, which is always present in the background, and most of the time covered by the level you're on. Take time to look around, you'll find it worth your time. Mainly because of the aesthetics... And there's some nice little easter eggs and quirky things to see!The story: This game made me think it was going to be really short. And then there was a non-specific thing that non-specifically happened that changed the story to a non-specific degree. I'm trying not to spoiler much. This also happens a non-specific amount of times. In a non-specific order. Needless to say, the story will keep you glued to the game for your first run-through, and likely for the next couple of times as you find more and more you missed the first couple of times.The sounds: This may sound minor, but believe me it's not. When I say sounds, I mean ALL of them. Of course the music is great, if you've played Steamworld Dig you'd know that. If not, I'm telling you - The music is great. But it's also the little things, like the enemy bots falling apart and their parts clanking on the ground a few times before finally settling, the richochet of bullets off metal, heck, even the robotstalkingsounds awesome! Trust me, you'll know what I mean when you try it.The feeling of growth of your team: This is sort of a weird one, but if you're one of those people wholoveswatching your roster slowly grow in power and ability over the course of a game, this game really makes you feel good about it. The benefits of leveling up range from a minor health boost or passive, to a huge turn that makes the character totally different from everyone else. Exp grinding is also NOT A PAIN AT ALL. Seriously. To get all characters to max level, you might have to run a couple levels a couple more times than usual. But it's fun to do that! And you can totally beat the game without maxed out heroes, so don't even worry about it unless you really, really want it (Like I did). Oh, and there's an achievement for it. So yeah.HATS! HATS HATS HATS! This game has hats! Lots of them! In fact it's almost a joke! Shoot hats off of your enemies to get them! Buy hats! JUST GET MORE HATS! Haaaats!CONS:(Wind howls, and a tumbleweed made of scrap and barbed wire flies across outer-space...)Well not entirely. Although there are a couple things that nag me, and might nag you. For starters...This isn't the case for me, but I can see how it can be for others - Repetativeness: This isn't the case for me, but I can see how it can be for others - Repetativeness... In all seriousness, there's enough character diversity and most but not all levels are randomly generated, so this shouldn't be too big an issue... And like I said, there's not much grinding involved, so a new level will probably feel... Well, like a new level! But I can certainly see how it can get a liiiittle boring for soooooome people. But trust me - Odds, are, it won't be a problem. At all. Take a break from the game now and then, and the urge to come back will slowly creep up on you.Weapon diversity: For the most part, and I won't lie, new weapons are usually just upgraded versions of the ones you already had. Which is fine, except... There's not many weapons that AREN'T straight upgrades to ones you already had. Sure, different heroes use different types of weapons, but outside of that, each type of weapon usually only does 1 or 2 different things, at most, depending on the type. Oh, and there's some nice quirky ""rare"" weapons that change it up, but like I said, you'll probably find a powered-up version that will eventually turn it into nothing more than a collector's item... Which leads me to my last ""con"".Inventory space: There ain't much of it. You're gonna have to spend a LOT of water (in-game currency, go figure) to upgrade your inventory size, too. It's a pain, sort of. Grind a few levels and you'll be filthy rich again, though. I guess the whole ""new weapons are just upgrades from the previous ones"" works with this system, since you're probably gonna want to sell the old weapons anyways... It's just... I wish there was more. You have to check your inventory and sell stuff every couple of missions. And I'd like to keep those rare collectible weapons just for fun without compromising my time sifting my inventory of junk and duplicates. But this is a minor issue, if an issue at all.And... That's all! I gotta say, this game blew me away. I knew Steamworld Dig was fun, but it's not like it was ground breaking (Tecnhically speaking, it was, but you know what I mean). If I'm being totally honest, I wasn't sure how well they were gonna pull this game off. I was a skeptic. But as a skeptic does, I completely took back my word once I saw the evidence (Disclaimer: Some skeptics are still too stubborn to do this). By that note, if you're skeptical about this game too, I understand. People tend to read a bit more into the Cons of a game review than the Pros, and take the Cons much more to heart. But please, for your sake, don't. Don't second-guess yourself on this one. If you like any of the genres, or liked Steamworld Dig, or anything Steampunk/Robot related, or shoot-outs, or space, or just great game design in general, do yourself a favor and buy this game. Wanna wait til its on sale? Why not? Only means you're getting a game worth well more than its price tag for cheap.Highly recommend."
76561198026887950,Recommended,322190,28175421,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,NJlinger,Like xcom but 2d. Great music! (took me about 14hrs to beat)
,Recommended,322190,28144261,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,dupikju,"Great strategic game, resembling XCOM."
76561198119716306,Recommended,322190,32355635,Posted: 11 June,all,Scoobert,Its like Xcom but better
76561198394961810,Recommended,322190,32365095,Posted: 12 June,all,Olly,"Really fun game, bought it because of the 97% positive reviews while it was on sale and it was well worth it. Its like a platformer, shooter and turn based strategy put into one game. Highly recommended and must buy when its on sale.+ Around 15 hours of fun.+ Variety of missions, characters and weapons.+ Challenging when set to high difficulty.+ Skill focused, luck plays little part.- You lose half of your money when you fail a mission regardless of how much you have so its hard to save up for expensive gear."
76561198393932488,Recommended,322190,32363068,Posted: 12 June,all,MonkeyNinja8000,Steamworld heist is now 50% off! It is an exellent games of turn based strategey combat where you build up your team of cowbots and fight the bad guys. For 50% off this game is amazing I have to say.
,Recommended,322190,23907371,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,oh worm?,"Brought it for Steam Powered Giraffe, stayed for the addictive gameplay."
76561198079642829,Recommended,322190,28802721,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,czeczot212,Hilarious and highly addictive
,Recommended,322190,32917051,Posted: 28 June,all,AlabamaAngyl,"LOOT! AND HATS! AND SHOOTING THINGS! AND MORE LOOT! AND THEN MORE HATS! THEN YOU SHOOT THINGS SOME MORE! OH, AND STEAM POWERED GIRAFFE! WOO!"
,Recommended,322190,32917780,Posted: 28 June,all,Tomwar4000,"Tis a Game, and Tis Good"
76561197999612438,Recommended,322190,32166967,Posted: 3 June,all,The Pumpkin King,Great game. Very fun.
76561198119418533,Recommended,322190,25467373,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,gilgalad9,I heart this game. Gameplay might get a little repetitive for some but I found this cute and quirky little world a joy!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=762085743
76561197973052125,Recommended,322190,30481017,Posted: 12 March,all,Lord Dyran,"I think Steamworld: Dig is the superior game, but that's just due to my gaming tastes.  This is still a game filled with personality and with tight controls.I will say, though: play a difficulty level lower than you would in most games.  By combining the strategy aspect with a bit of twitch gameplay, it is a type of challenge that I haven't experienced in many games in the past."
,Recommended,322190,29400480,Posted: 21 January,all,EndUrLifeGelati,"due to playing this game offline, I have about 200 hours in it. SteamWorld Heist is an unforgiving strategy game (on elite) and i think you should buy it. i am so good @ reveiws."
,Recommended,322190,30595680,Posted: 18 March,all,queefwizard,"This game is a gem - just the right length, the right amount of challenge, and the gameplay is a blast whether you get really into the strategy or just kind of fart around. Thouroughly enjoyed the 10 or so hours it took to beat this, and was great to play one handed since I'm a new dad :)"
76561198285528106,Recommended,322190,34672564,Posted: 1 September,all,sebastian-hart8,great stradigy game
,Recommended,322190,34684201,Posted: 2 September,all,OʀᴘʜᴇᴜS,Great game.
,Recommended,322190,34954176,Posted: 14 September,all,Moonharvey,"I have yet to beat the game but from what ive played i would say get it, super fun and unique*game is way longer than i thought it would be*not that pricey*fun*really good art style*has easter eggs from the last game they made which was Steam World Dig also a fun game but way way shorteri say pick it up i doubt you would regret it and i dont even really like turn based shooters."
76561197988839245,Recommended,322190,32022659,Posted: 28 May,all,Roxc,Fun!
,Recommended,322190,32182833,Posted: 4 June,all,Helisium,WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO BUY THIS GAME???!!!
,Recommended,322190,26918913,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FieserMoep,Best Hat Mechanics 2016.
76561197968442341,Recommended,322190,23513834,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Matt 20XD6,Really digging this game.
76561198022881265,Recommended,322190,23524660,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kavos,This deserve more attention
,Recommended,322190,23508499,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Dodgy Ducky,Loved the 1st game and I love the 2nd even more.
76561198038438865,Recommended,322190,23508886,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,rekirtsraf,great game.
,Recommended,322190,23515267,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,戦场ヶ原ひたぎ,so good !!!!
,Recommended,322190,29342919,Posted: 18 January,all,It's Octember,"The soundtrack is pretty good, but why are they singing about being robots?? You don't see humans singing about how they're humans, or how they drink water and breathe air! WHO ARE THEY SINGING TO? THERE ARE NO HUMANS IN THIS SETTING FOR THEM TO SING TO ABOUT WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE A STEAMBOT/ROBOT. IT BREAKS THE LORE. IT'S SO STUPID. TERRIBLE. IT MAKES NO SENSE.Also the game is pretty cool."
76561198054438418,Recommended,322190,24234126,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,mercenaryai,It's like Worms with a bit of XCOM character progression thrown in.Really enjoyable!
,Recommended,322190,24207475,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Trzewior,Easily one of the best indie titles that you can find in 2016. Great atmosphere + great 2d gameplay comparable to xcom make it happen.
,Recommended,322190,24204945,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,aNgelic_asceNt,"I can't play the game.  Crashes before the cutscene when you load the game.  No real feelings towards the game yet.SPG made me hyped for the game, along with the cool concept and characters, but can't do a thing besides crash the game every time I load it :(The things i've seen about the game and the gameplay though, I do recommend the game(Just wasted 5 minutes trying to launch the game in order to post this)"
,Recommended,322190,23969092,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kaner13,"Simplistic but fun.  The game is a 2D turn-based strategy that bring up nostalgic memories of the Worms franchise or FF Tactics but has the feel of a mobile game.You manage a small crew of robot frontiersmen in a series of levels requiring you to find loot, eliminate enemies, or complete map-specific objectives.  Your crew continue to level up in a linear fashion as you acquire better and better loot.  The levels seem to contain a degree of procedurally generated design which is nice to have as I often found myself repeating levels to grid levels for my characters.  The setting is interesting and graphically pleasant set in the same style as Steamworld Dig but in space.  Think robotic Firefly complete with dangerous scrappers, an oppressive military faction, and an ominous alien presence.Worth buying at a low price but don't expect anything to stick beyond a short enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,322190,24235489,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,NJDevil802,"The bouncing shots idea is really cool and adds a nice bit of fun to this game. If you like turn-based games and/or 2D/2.5D games, you should check this game out"
,Recommended,322190,24211504,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,kintetsu,"I was sitting in the corner and thought ""OMG now I'm finished"". But the enemy missed and I gave it a headshot bouncing from 4 walls.Shooting robots with other robots, fueled by steam in a round based game. The robots play different and have very different abilities. It's worth every cent. And you can collect hats. And you can shoot them from enemy heads.10/10 would murder a bunch of evil robots again, just to shoot that stupid hat of the boss you missed the first time."
76561198313413693,Recommended,322190,24241386,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,lougiller,"This is a fantastic and addicting game that will remind you a lot of Worms. I found it to be very balanced and challenging (if you wanted it to be). Even the music was original and catchy! Really, I pretty much could not stop playing until I'd beaten it."
,Recommended,322190,24494789,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Avo,Awesome little jewel. It's really easy to get into. It has a mixture of X-com/Worms feel to the gameplay and at the same time feels a tiny bit RPGish because you can grind levels and equipment.If you're good at turn based games I recommend the challenge of playing on the highest difficulty. :)
,Recommended,322190,24565830,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Leverz,"Fun little 2D romp, nice story and fun mechanics. It is a tactical game where you move and aim with each character on the mission, however you use ricochet mechanics to hit enemies behind cover."
,Recommended,322190,24740419,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,JRSUMMERS,"an absolutely solid, funny and charming strategy game, like diet xcom, only flaw is that it ended, cant wait for some DLC"
,Recommended,322190,24218115,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ice cream overlord,"SteamWorld Heist is a mash up of platforming and strategy that is rewarding to play. Pulling off massively destructive shots that bounce everywhere is very satisfying. The levels can be quite challenging, but getting to the loot at the end is worth it."
,Recommended,322190,24242713,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Takwin,"SCORE: 9.5/10I LOVED this game. They have taken the soul of Steamworld Dig and applied it to a 2D XCOM, and made a game I prefer to XCOM. The only turn-based strategy game I like better is Fire Emblem. This game is a gem! Excellent controls, beautiful color palette, funny dialogue, excellent music and sounds, and fun from start to finish for 40 hours. It has great replay value."
,Recommended,322190,24762937,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,David Hayder,"Steamworld Heist is a game that has something to offer for all types of players whether you’re a beginner or a veteran to turn-based strategy games.  A lot of what I think this game does well has to do with the fact that it simplifies this genre, but at the same time, manages to make it fun.  Of course, this means that this game doesn’t have as many deep and innovative features compared to other similar games, but honestly, I don’t think this game needed it.  To me, this simplification created more room to make a game that is accessible to play for anyone and I think that reason alone is enough for me to highly recommend playing this game.  So if you’re looking to step foot into the turn-based strategy game genre for the first time and would like to play a game that is not only friendly to beginners but also fun to play as well, then look no further than Steamworld Heist.Here's a video review that I made for this game will give you a better idea of what this game is all about and will further explain my thoughts about different features of this game.https://youtu.be/J7o6oLaj_e0"
76561197989324079,Recommended,322190,24264998,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Laen,Turn-based strategy + well balanced rpg element + excelent combat mechanics = Awesome.Firefly wipe helps too.
76561198263098298,Recommended,322190,24715051,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,buttindahole,"its a great small game and i really recommend this if you like xcom,but i just reccomend it anywaysand i really hope that more will be added to this awesome game.i cant spell."
76561198048170421,Recommended,322190,24909440,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mr.MojoRising,Pretty high price but also pretty much fun. If its on sale you should buy it
,Recommended,322190,27282944,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,stim0r0l,"A sniper shot, bounced off from at least 6 different walls and objects, hit the head of an enemy robot.10/10 would spend a whole 5 minutes to orchestrate a single shot again!"
,Recommended,322190,25210562,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,OneEyedJack,Lead a group of futurama robots in pirate activities with typical save the world plotgameplay is like worms meets xcomone of my favorite games from recent years
,Recommended,322190,25956418,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ethrin,"It's a game that I felt compelling enough to finish, and that's pretty rare for me.Pros:* Nice mix of the recent XCOMs 2-move strategy with Worms like aiming with different gun types, such as sniper ""rifles"", pistols, grenade launchers, SMGs, and shotguns* Hats!* Each ""act"" has a unique atmosphere / enemy types.Cons:* The game became quite repetitive towards the 8 hour mark.  There weren't enough things introduced in the late game that kept the gameplay fresh.  As a result, the game became stale* New Game + is literally just playing the game over again, except you get to keep your hats and unlocked characters.  I only played the first stage of NG+ before quitting.* I didn't see much of a reason to switch characters (on Experienced difficulty).  Party priority was Sally, Piper, Bea, and Billy, and I didn't feel like I needed to switch it up from that.Notes:* If you would like to get credit for beating the game on a higher difficulty, make sure to stay at that difficulty! I played most of the game on the Experienced difficulty, which is like the 2nd to hardest, but I only got credit for the lowest difficulty that I played it on, which was normal for the first level because I didn't know how hard it was going to be.  So I feel a bit ripped off there.Final thoughts:It was a fun game, and I would recommend it to others, but I probably won't be coming back to it.  Definitely buy it if you are looking for about 8 hours of enjoyment out of a 10 hour playthrough!"
,Recommended,322190,25931418,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,A Fair Random Crit,It's never High Noon in space.(disclaimer : That doesn't stop you from doing some badass shots)
,Recommended,322190,34030151,Posted: 4 August,all,Maestro Gradius,"Very enjoyable aim-and-shoot turn-based action game. Robot, steam-punk, spaceship setting well done. Ricochet system very fun. Variety of weapons and accessories that do different things. Not clear on the value of headgear besides looking cool with a different hat. Can be very challenging even on normal difficulty. Face unknown opposition with your team of robot-heroes and equip them well."
76561198057651931,Recommended,322190,23448189,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,BehroCZ1,Really nice game. :)
76561198006570636,Recommended,322190,23477992,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,joe_mag,"Sooo many hats!!!! Soooo many guns!!!!!! Soooo many good reviews!!!! 100% postive 100% fun, and when you make that 100% impossiable shot. you will be 100% pupmed!!!"
,Not Recommended,322190,32746274,Posted: 24 June,all,Azazul,"Basically I would described this game as: ""what happens, when developer pivots from mobile market to desktop market"".For me it seemed way too repetative and the locking the story advancement behind ""completition star gating"" was annoying."
,Recommended,322190,23781945,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mabec,7/10Not as interesting as Steamworld Dig but worth a try
76561198192808639,Recommended,322190,28584757,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,axuzz,great game and looking forward to see future steamworld franchise
76561198267904390,Recommended,322190,28010093,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Danfish,its good
,Recommended,322190,23789354,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ChaZcaTriX,Steampunk 2D XCOM. Pretty fun!
,Recommended,322190,32916463,Posted: 27 June,all,PFC Sisto [3rd ID],Excelente!
76561198001197334,Recommended,322190,25658178,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Danger Noodle,Awesome.
76561198061087313,Recommended,322190,25627404,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,IntoTheSun,"Fun and Polished, would recommend."
76561198052920263,Recommended,322190,30583010,Posted: 17 March,all,Malignant Noodles,Essentially a must-buy on sale...or otherwise.
,Recommended,322190,30662799,Posted: 21 March,all,Mighty Jacket,"HEEEEEEEELP :""v, i bought this game like 20 min ago and when  i tr to enter my save slot, the story begins and when a tnt explosion sounds the game crashes ¿what can i do?"
,Recommended,322190,29218519,Posted: 12 January,all,Justin,This game is really well done.
,Recommended,322190,23868084,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,┌( ಠ_ಠ)┘,"A highly underated game. I suggest you buy it, NOW!"
,Recommended,322190,25936463,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GusDeCooL,"good strategy game, feel balance and chalengging."
76561198315656251,Recommended,322190,24445562,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Demodog,its like a 2d xcom
76561198006532181,Recommended,322190,24718034,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Daniiren,"In short: buy this gameIn long: buuuuuuuuuuy thiiiiiiiiiis gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaameeeeeeeeeeeeIn detail: a gorgeous steampunk robot Firely XCOM without the RNG shenanigans. The theme is fantastic, the art beautiful, the characters great, and the gameplay fun and rewarding. You manually aim all your shots, so you miss not because you didn't pray to RNGesus, but because your aim was off. The ricochet mechanic means you can do insane shots that involve bouncing a bullet off two pieces of cover, taking some poor bot's hat off (because it's shiny and you want it), and then hitting some other bot square in his face. Weapon design has good variety with enough special guns with unique characteristics that it's always interesting, and unlike XCOM (where you field your A-team wherever possible), mixing up your squad composition is necessary as squad size varies between missions, and different characters' strengths will play into different level layouts. Also, most of the levels are prodecurally generated, so you'll only see the same ship twice on special missions (ie, boss fights).Overall a fantastic game."
76561197996763436,Recommended,322190,25004235,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Kaidyn,"Great game, Payroll OP"
76561198118163664,Recommended,322190,28481367,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,日月繁星,Fun cartoony sidescrolling X-com lite with no RNG B.S.
76561198028386556,Not Recommended,322190,33025919,Posted: 29 June,all,Meep,"Gimick missions, once you've done one mission you've done them all. 5/10-ign to many breathing robots."
76561198030853906,Recommended,322190,25480529,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SVP,"nice game, nice music"
76561198062408517,Recommended,322190,23434970,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kulkunen,Firefly with robots and hats. I like it.
,Recommended,322190,23781953,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hemebond,Very good game.
,Recommended,322190,30577929,Posted: 17 March,all,Caleb,meh
76561198092966309,Recommended,322190,25975878,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,re: Core,A very engaging turn based strategy game! The soundtrack from Steam Powered Giraffe is the best <3
,Recommended,322190,29661032,Posted: 2 February,all,boog,this game is the best turn based strategy you can get. it puts xcom to shame and only 15 bux. pick it up and have fun with these robots
,Recommended,322190,29049081,Posted: 5 January,all,Liffe,Hyv pel
76561197983921592,Not Recommended,322190,24677880,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Beasto,"While an okay game, there is nothing particularly innovate here and the gameplay gets repetitive and stagnant after a while. Maybe if it's on sale try it out but for me I expect more from a game that cost 20 euro."
,Recommended,322190,26055879,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Skeletor,Great addictive game.10/10
,Recommended,322190,26245866,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,CommanderOwlz,"Gears, sprockets, springs, and guns, with steam :D."
76561198097686739,Recommended,322190,23438211,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Disco,"Yes sir, Captain Tight Pants!"
76561198025836644,Not Recommended,322190,24204858,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,gusbaker,"You know the wrap on this game...Worms meets Xcom with a fewdashes of Firefly thrown in forgood measure.Fun at first, but towards the endgame it becomes repetitive, tediousand miserable.The limited item storage makesgetting new loot a chore more thanthe pleasure it should be.Although there is wacky cast ofcharacters to choose from, aftera few levels, most of them getleft in the dust XP wise, neverto be used again, if at all."
76561198034261119,Not Recommended,322190,29236942,Posted: 13 January,all,miragPL,After reading the reviews I was epecting this game to be great - it isn't...Pros:Fun for short periodo of timesTurn based tactical combatCons:Boring if played without breaksSimilar missonsCan finish entire game playing only 3-4 charactersLinear leveling of characters ( your character at level 10 will always look the same)It's short ~ it took me about 13hours to finish it and I even repeated several missions.Missons are very similiarIn general6/10
76561197984130312,Not Recommended,322190,29320927,Posted: 17 January,all,pherimon,"Game would be better if reinforcements could not appear, shoot and kill your bots before you can react. I will not give a positive review until this is changed."
76561198009907235,Not Recommended,322190,30808844,Posted: 29 March,all,Elvest,ping
,Not Recommended,322190,28855397,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Remagamer,"Imagine a fusion of the best parts of Worms and Fire Emblem with the spirit of Steamworld Dig.This is not that game.This game is an amalgam of the worst parts of both. Weapons almost never follow their shown paths, enemy accuracy swings from laughable to laser-accurate on a whim, and the game penalizes you for literally everything, for no reason other than screw you. That may work for a better game, but this is a crime when the game itself fights you at every turn.But the biggest issue? The gamebreaking problem?Enemies will randomly take extra turns. Just managed to get that one character with 2 HP into a safe spot? Screw you, this guy's gonna move and shoot and then move and shoot. Bye-bye!I loved Steamworld Dig but this game is awful. Go get literally anything else for the same price and you'll have a better time."
,Not Recommended,322190,27609661,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LegACy,"I really, really like the premise. Turn-based tactic + 2D sidescroll + space. If that doesn't sound awesome, I don't know what does.However, the game, unfortunately, doesn't really live up to my expectation due to various issues:- Why the hell does a turn based tactic game have a reflex-based aiming system? Do you want me to think about positioning and stuff or do you want me to think about timing my aim? Please just pick one.- Clunky control. It's super hard if you want to adjust your aim by a little when using mouse. A lot of time I accidentally fire my gun when I just want to change my aim a bit.- Boring story / world. The game seems to have a unique lore, but it never allows us to see/explore it. It would be fine if the game isn't so story-driven.- Loot system that drops useless hats. I seriously don't understand why the game needs it, other than to artifically makes the loot seems more important.- No customizablity for our space ship. Seeing that the hero has a spaceship, I seriously expected the game to allow players to upgrade and customize the spaceship, maybe add a room or change the warp engine, etc. But nope, hats are better apparently."
76561198241937420,Not Recommended,322190,31594392,Posted: 6 May,all,geoffboys,"Good graphics, clunky controls for robots - too slow -can only fire once then moves on ot the next character -not enough time or shots to kill - crap. crap crap -controls too slow absolute crapWaste of my money"
76561198061619400,Not Recommended,322190,29041969,Posted: 5 January,all,Dog,"Great concept really but awful execution.I don't have problems with the visual part. Technical part is the problem.1) You get weapons which show you the trajectory of your bullet, which 90% doesn't match the actual bullet path.2) Game puts you in unfair odds, which force you replay missions and basically grind in a 300mb game, seriously? That's an awful way to make a game longer.3)The game is made artaficially longer.4)Replay value of missions is lost due to the game punishing you constantly, even for doing everything right. Which makes grinding redundant.You know, if the game at least was funny, I'd finish it, but it's not even funny.Loved Steam World Dig from start to finish, hate this one.P.S. I didn't think of the game to be hard, it just intentionally makes you replay levels. I. Don't. Want. To. Do. That. They. All. Look. The. Same!Verdict: Music/Art is good. The ""game"" itself, not so much."
,Not Recommended,322190,28087792,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AndQuester,Could not even start a single campaign.
76561197968891301,Recommended,322190,30616693,Posted: 19 March,all,Mindroth,Excellent game.  You won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,322190,30594298,Posted: 18 March,all,zefquaavius,"This game is a lot of fun! Turn-based, yet still needing to aim with an unsteady hand, and plan ricochets. Take as long as you need/want, although some missions have alarms you can set off, bringing in a stream of reinforcements."
,Recommended,322190,30531208,Posted: 15 March,all,Winter Soldier,"Fantastic side-scrolling turn-based shooter with beautifully drawn characters and environments.The combat is challenging and fun, and the added RPG elements kept me coming back. Every mission, you assemble a team from the many unique crewmates you have recruited, and assign them weapons and equipment. Your arsenal expands as you collect ""swag"" and complete missions, which also reward you with experience – allowing your characters to level up and unlock new abilities – and gallons of water, which you use to buy more loot (and purely cosmetic hats).While the story itself isn't deep, I did find it enjoyable, and the game has a much better length than itspredecessor. I do recommend getting theOutsider DLC; however, as the added content is scattered throughout the regular game, I suggest getting it upfront (unless you plan on doing a New Game+ playthrough)."
76561198064451602,Recommended,322190,30655427,Posted: 21 March,all,AIDS Benedict,"Let me preface this review by saying that I have not completed this game, and maybe I won't. So keep that in mind.-It's really good.-I have a hard time getting into any game, as it needs to grab me thematically, and not be SUPER frustrating, and be actually fun. This game is fun.-To be honest, I wouldn't pay full price for it, but I got it for five dollars, and I don't regret it at all.-It's not a masterpiece, but it is excellently crafted, and does what it aims to do remarkably well.-8.5/10, it goes on Humble Bundle pretty regularly so you can probably pick it up there."
76561197971458534,Recommended,322190,30452982,Posted: 11 March,all,BuboNulus,"It's a great combination: the characters, the background, the leveling up, the items, the combat system, even the hats. I love the skill shots!Bought the soundtrack as well and discovered a great band that way. Thanks."
76561198228046596,Recommended,322190,27986175,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,abeastman98,A very fun turn-based strategy Game featuring  Steam Bots
,Recommended,322190,27716293,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sneetle,"I originally bought this game based on the sole fact that Steam Powered Giraffe contributed to the soundtrack (and it was 50% off when I purchased it). I figured it was going to be a neat little platformer that I'd spend a couple hours on, but I've had it for basically two days at this point and I can't get over how charming it is. It's robots in space shooting other robots. What more can you want out of a game?Not to mention, the mechanics and gameplay are very smooth and easy to get used to. 10/10"
,Recommended,322190,27573827,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kopaka,Turn based tactics mixed with real time aiming is a recipe for success. Super cool and unique characters.
,Recommended,322190,27818081,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Haukka,"Big thumbs up!Very polished tactical turn based 2D combat game. Easy to learn, and still has a lot to offer for more experienced players. The graphics and colour palette are very attractive!"
,Recommended,322190,27536833,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,erps,"This game is a surprise. A positive one. If you like steam punk, robots as the main protagonists instead of humans, turn based skill games and cool music, this is the one for you.The mechanics are simple to understand, the actions are easy to perform and there is always a reward for victory. The game is sometimes challenging but never unfair. At most you have to play a level three times before you finish with perfect score. The robot characters are mostly funny and unique. The graphics are not state of the art, but clearly enough for this type of game. The music is nice (with some cons).The pros:Easily 20 hours play time if you play it a second time on a higher difficulty.A rich and colorful world design.Good game mechanics.Music and Graphic blend together.The cons:In the end, you play mostly the same 4 or 5 robots out of 9. It may be another set of robots for you than for me, but it will happen.The music worked for me only in the game. I tried a few samples in the web without the game, and it's not as good as it sounds here. After a while, it may be repetetive in the game too.It's no groundbreaking or breathtaking game. What do you expect?Overall a 8/10"
76561197969898588,Recommended,322190,27059811,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shadow_otm,"Great game.  Can be challenging, so if you're stuck you might want to tone down your difficulty.  If losing missions is frustrating you one currency losses, tone down you difficulty too.  If you want to complete everything on higher difficulties then play around with your team setup and be very careful with each turn."
,Recommended,322190,27135913,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Master Cuck,If your a big fan of X-com or games alike you will love this one.-Simple cover/movement system-Easy to understand customisation-Various tactics (such as trickshots)-A simple and easy to digest story
76561198018792110,Recommended,322190,27259273,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kahless shops at PAyless,Sooooooooooo Very Good / all turn based character customization space based game lovers need apply!
,Recommended,322190,27308440,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lucky,"Robot cowboy pirates. Need I say more?I do? Okay then.Like a 2D XCOM, only you have to manually aim your shots, which is actually really fun.Also hats. Those are fun too."
76561197999740759,Recommended,322190,27322292,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sandame,"The most interesting use of cover and aiming system i've seen in a long time backed by a crew of lovable misfits.A lovely surprise! (i recommend veterant difficulty, its JUST hard enough)"
,Recommended,322190,27355133,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ZombieHendrix,"Simple, hard, and lot's of angles to contemplate.Great art, functional story, and fresh gameplay.Haven't played their other games, but this one's super-solid."
76561198004692769,Recommended,322190,27198271,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrDMallard,"This is a pritty cool game, the storys good, and just the sense of adventure in space going around  hiring other steampunk robot, and doing crazy trickshots. ITS AWESOME!!!"
76561198003056368,Recommended,322190,27091981,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wookie,"This is not an AAA title, but a game with an AAA concept. I wish it was marketed better - more people would probably bought it.Steamworld Heist is a smart mixture of tactic game with arcade game. In other words not only you need to think, but also got steady hand to pull the trigger in the correct moment. But don't get impression that it's simple platformer - it's about 80% tactic and 20% aiming. Aim and random map generator adds perefect amount of randomness into the gameplay. Variety of classes (with different, interesting skills) and level progression gives you free choice of play style.Pros:+Artstyle+Nice steampunkish-sci-fi universe in which the action takes place+Gameplay+Choose your own play styleCons:-Some maps may enforce using certain characters (or maybe I'm just a noob :D)-Not very long (for me it's not a con, but writing that just in case)"
76561198247170118,Recommended,322190,27030383,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,david.laduke,"Accessible enough to pick up and play quickly with tactics deep enough to peak and keep your interest. The character and loadout variety is quite good, giving you numerous options to try when difficulty spikes. Toward the last third of the game, I became sufficiently powerful that I rarely encountered situations that I couldn't deal with easily, but overall a great game and well worth the money and time spent."
,Recommended,322190,25720717,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Dad Armstrong,"Pretty much the perfect example of how to make a good turn based strategy game. XCOM fans will feel very comfortable with the mechanics in place. One strange downside is that the game has a fantastic OST by Steam Powered Giraffe but rarely uses it, and the standard combat track gets old very fast."
,Recommended,322190,26979861,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🎃 halloweave 🎃,Good
76561198032390695,Recommended,322190,26714703,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,johberion,"I've played through the game a couple of times and I'm still having tons of fun. The procedurally generated levels and wide variety of loot keeps the game fresh. It has a decent tactical depth owing to multiple and varied crew members with different skills and play styles.I think my favourite part of combat is the sniper style weapons with their ability to bounce shots. It's a game mechanic that really rewards smart play and it's a very satisfying feeling to to search for optimal firing solutions and line up that insane miracle shot that completely bypass the enemies' defenses.Aesthetically, I really enjoy the cartoonish graphics and funny details such as shooting the hats off the enemies' heads."
,Recommended,322190,26509961,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ZoidbergForPresident,"Like x-com gameplay, but you aim.It's also definitely ""easier"" but you can ramp up or down the difficulty.Cute universe (like Steamworld Dig), neat songs and art-style, pretty competent realisation.Quite an enjoyable game!"
76561197980530446,Recommended,322190,26538618,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nimrias,"SteamWorld Heist is a fun 2D TBS with manual aiming (like the Worms games) and lots of hats.  Both the music and visuals are great.  The mechanics are easy to learn.  I thought it was a little short at 15-20 hours for a normal difficulty playthrough.  That being said, I did play through 3-4 times so I liked it enough to do it over and over again.+Eight characters to choose with different skill combinations.  There are weapons options but most characters are able to use pistol + something else.  There are two utility slots per character that gives you some freedom in playstyle.  Enough mission variety to keep things interesting.-I would have liked to have skill choices when the characters level up.  As it is now, when they level, they get a predetermined skill that doesn't change with each playthrough.  Other than that, I would have liked for it to be longer.  No major complaints.Overall, great game.  Would recommend to any TBS fans."
,Recommended,322190,25782174,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Jackalope,I can't recommend this game enough. It's phenomenal if you're looking for a 2D X-com with hints of FTL. It a fantastic game that deserves way more recognition.
76561198057193694,Recommended,322190,25855614,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SweatySquirrel,"It's good. I finished the campaign in 18 hours, and I'm satisfied with the experience. The story doesn't really make any sense but the mechanics are cool and kept me interested in playing every stage."
76561198011369524,Recommended,322190,25836542,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,CryEvryTime,"Addictive and enjoyable turn based action. Pulling off tricky shots feels as good as it should, has a varied cast with good range of abilities, and shooting off enemy hats is great."
,Recommended,322190,25828723,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Neverbound,"An entertaining diversion, bolstered by a strong and vibrant art design along with a quirky indie song score."
76561198078056281,Recommended,322190,26247295,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,deebsdude,"A nice mix of worms and X-Com gameplay that creates a fun and challenging experience. The game has a comic feel to it, and the story plays along well in order to not be too dark. Like most good rpg-like games, getting the characters leveled up and better weapons kept me playing this through the end. The interactions with your crew are witty, and their stories are pretty entertaining. The music is awesome, and the steam punk asthetic works really well in robot space."
,Recommended,322190,26619319,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,TankGotMe,"Outstanding game, outstanding dev! I've plugged hours into this game both on Steam and iOS. Firefly + XCOM + Worms with awesome gear, level progression, procedurally generated levels... do I need to go on? Really really really fun and very charming!"
,Recommended,322190,26701655,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,unwaveringresolve,"I was engrossed, playing tactical battles until 4 in the morning."
76561198006781016,Recommended,322190,25777320,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Voodoo Ranger,"IF you've ever dreamt of being a steam-powered robot space pirate, this game is for you. If you enjoy turn-based and squad-based game mechanics, this game is for you. If you like hats, this game is for you.10/10 would shoot robots with my laser gun while wearing my favorite hat again."
,Recommended,322190,28322239,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mike Green Tea,"It's super fun and I loved it! If you like tactics game like X-Com you should get this game! Fun story, great animation, addicting leveling-up and looting mechanics, and excellent hats."
76561198072241601,Recommended,322190,28313577,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Hepheisto,2D robot cowboys in spaceXCOM like gameplaypretty sweet
,Recommended,322190,28212472,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Hupsel,"Great SRPG game. Fun weapons, leveling system and you have to aim to connect your shots. One of the best surprises this year!"
,Recommended,322190,28207213,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,fatherboxx,"Very cool X-Com inspired tactical game with Worms-style ricochets. No more blaming RNG, git gud at aiming!Despite kid-friendly aesthetics (originally a 3DS title) and cakewalk 1st chapter, the game is very fair in its difficulty: your robots are fragile and most stages have unlimited enemy reinforcements. The lategame leves are genuinely challenging and there is not much space for cheesing and exploits (played at 3rd difficulty, there are two more and NG+).The only negative point: you can't see the skills that your characters unlock next level, so it is kinda playing blind until you figure out who are the robots you are most comfortable with."
,Recommended,322190,28686170,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kvort the Duck [DG],"This is super fun, especially with a gamepad. Very colorful and I absolutely loved the music. Not a terribly long campaign but high replayability."
,Recommended,322190,28672178,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ruff1298,"SteamWorld Heist is an incredibly addicting 2D, Turn-Based Tactical Shooter, full of charm, colour, and robots blowing each other's heads off with bullets ricocheted off at ludicrous angles.It's very well made, gameplay and balance wise; there's a lot of customization and variety within the crew members you can unlock and take to battle with you; and overall, the game is incredibly fun, a serious story interspersed with plenty of humour, wit, and ludicrous explosions and sick trickshots to keep you playing until you realize it's 2:30 AM and you should have been in bed hours ago."
,Recommended,322190,23491032,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dreamer_,"Regarding quality of Linux support: excellent. Game works without any problem (just like SteamWorld Dig did). It is designed to be played with controller - I tested with Steam controller, Xbone and Dualshock 4 - all worked perfectly (you can play with mouse/keyboard as well).As you gathered from other reviews: game is squad based 2D TBS, with mechanics being mix of new X-com (move/action, cover system) and free-aim (like Worms or Liero). Each map takes 5-15 minutes to complete, so you can jump into game, complete map or two and go back to RL - excellent for people who don't have much time. Very well designed game and most important: fun, fun, fun :)"
,Recommended,322190,23486497,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Fizz,Awesome little game
,Recommended,322190,23511911,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Matoro Zeliph,"I didn't like Steamworld Dig too much, so I was reluctant to buy the game and its expansion. However after playing a couple of hours of it, I really end up enjoying it! There is less RNG than in XCOM (less the better), so it's not as frustrating since you can aim for the steambots anyway.""Hint: Lots of strategy involves on Ricohet bullets and bot placement.""Speaking of XCOM, this game is easily moddable when it comes to replacing textures, props, and audio files in the game if you feel like you want to enhance your visual/audio experience. I mean, if it's that easy to look in the files, there should be a Steam'bot' Workshop for this game!To sum it up...Pros:- New concept in 2D Turn Based Strategy (step up from Worms)- Procedurally generated levels- Simple but effective story and world buildingCons or Can Improve/Add On (these are not really cons, but I want more! :P ):- Needs a Roguelike Survival Mode or Expansion. I want permadeath!- Multiplayer plz? :)- Awesome music can get repetitive very quickly. There is very few ost. So I wish it varies."
76561198268197250,Recommended,322190,23487065,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,OorusevenFiibaa7777,"If you're into turn-based strategy and robots, this is definitely for you. I love it so far!Some thoughts:- I like that the accuracy of shots depend on your own aim and skills.- The art is neat and steampunky with lots of little details, I especially love the different bars.- I want to collect all the hats!!! Oh gosh!- The characters are fun and quirky.- Icing on the cake: You can hear the catchy tunes by Steam Powered Giraffe at taverns and in the radio. I warmly recommend that you buy the soundtrack, too! ;D"
76561197969363929,Recommended,322190,23509912,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Furex,"This game is awesome.Very pretty, fitting sound track, feels very polished and deliberate. A lot of strategy involved with team make up being important depending on the level. Buy it if you love to ricochet shet and be strategic, no % chance stuff like xcom2. If you're good, you're good.Don't suck, buy it."
76561197972052573,Recommended,322190,25021880,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,tastethecourage,"Lazy, short review:Truly an entertaining game if you enjoy turn-based combat. Beautiful art, memorable music and... hats!"
,Recommended,322190,27884629,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gimly,Bought the game on the 3DS and played through it in one week while on vacation. Can not recommend it enough for anyone who likes Xcom like games with robots in space!! The music is a highlight as well.
76561198217434716,Recommended,322190,30970878,Posted: 5 April,all,tommyanarchic,"Such an amazing game! I wish they would bring out an even harder difficulty level, Kill shot + radioactive bullets x2 and I was taking out entire rooms full of massive robots without breaking a sweat.  The DLC is pretty cool too. Fen's massive lazer rocks! Now to collect all those hats..."
,Recommended,322190,28256262,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Eastown Clown,"A completely different game that Dig, but with the same sensibilities and art style.  Truly magnificent. I really really enjoyed Dig and this game is a quite a bit more enjoyable.  Low stress turn-based strategy game.  Highly recommended and worth the price."
76561197973528410,Recommended,322190,27616003,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kalas,"A 2D version of XCOM (combat only) with a firefly/robot style on top. Build up your crew, equip weapons/items and engage in turn based tactical combat. Full cover system and bouncing bullets. Solid gameplay, music, art, and humor. Strongly recommend (especially if you like the style of Steamworld Dig).Recommend playing on Veteran difficulty for the full experience."
76561197994048846,Recommended,322190,27622181,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DrVanStrauss,"Turn based strategy made in a ""jump n run"" side view, added by Line Of Sight shooting, reflecting bullets and little physics. This is giving a real fun and interesting add-on to the genre.Really lovely detailed graphics, very polished gameplay, never encounted a bug (7 hours+ so far), adjustable difficulty anytime in game, interesting campaign with replay.What a cool scenario, WildWest Steam Robots in Space payed in water with an Dr Strangelove story...Perfectly set in scene with professional music.I played Steamworld Dig through before and I can recommend this one for sure!"
,Recommended,322190,28561998,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,praguepride,"Great tactical shooting allows you to plan cool ricochets which is awesome for a shooter. Randomly generated maps allow you to go back to previuos maps and still have a challenge.  Great theming, think ""Wild West in Space"" ala Firefly, but with steampunk robots.PLUS HATS!!!! You can even shoot hats you want off of enemy robots and pick them up!"
,Recommended,322190,28279262,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,BoxOfFaces,"SteamWorld Heist is an excellent turn-based strategy with a twist - manual aiming.This game isn;t a typical turn-based strategy. The maps are not-top, but veiwed from the side, almost like a side-scroller. But don't be fooled - you will still be playing the game by selecting units, exacuting commands and taking turns with your enemy. The only difference in controls is the aforementioned manual aiming. When you want to attack, you'll have to point your sights just right. This adds a lot to the strategy. Cover is not just a stat, but a physical barrier that cannot be shot through. Accuracy is also not a stat - all skill. This also allows for fun trick shots, something that you could never do just hitting the ""attack"" command. It opens up all new possibilites for clever manuvers outside of the simple numbers and rulebooks. The numbers still play a big part of the game though, so strategy fans, don't worry. Manual aiming is a big part of the game, but doesn't take over the other aspects of the game in any way. There's experience and leveling, tons of weapons and subweapons, shops and item management, and so forth. It all fits together very nicely and becomes a seemless strategy-sprinkled-with-skill experience.To top it off, the world is a quirky steampunk space land with lovable automaton characters and fun hats to collect. The story isn't much, just enough to give you an excuse to go from shoot-out to shoot-out, and the characters and world add a charm on top of the fun gameplay that completes the uniqueness of the experience.Also, the soundtrack is done by Steam Powered Giraffe, a steampunk-themed folk/vaudeville band that sings about automatons even when they're not writing for a steampunk game. They did an excellent job on this soundtrack, so if you like the soundtrack in this game, check out their other work as well.Overall, this game is like no others out there. If you like turned-based strategy, or light-hearted steampunk robot characters, than I highly recomend this game."
,Recommended,322190,28010313,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,-=ZOM=-sinø7,"I found out about this game through a streamer. Just seeing the concept made me want to play it. I was able to complete the vanilla game fairly fast. Each character has unique, fun abilities and a multitude of uses for all the situations you can come across. Collecting the hats just added to the fun you could have. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,322190,33140896,Posted: 2 July,all,Petweld,"Challenging! While no new mechanic is being introduce, still lovfely to play. I love the atmosphere overall. Also love the music; Steam Powered Giraffe <3 so steampunk-ish."
,Recommended,322190,33180987,Posted: 3 July,all,Gestalt,"Developers did a really marvelous job here by creating a diverse squad tactics game in a 2D environment. There is a bunch of squad members to acquire during the journey and their skills are unique enough to hesitate for deciding who you want to continue your journey with.Each campaign presents different types of enemies with their own assets. Weapons have a tier system. It kinda gives a generic feeling considering above mentioned features however there is 1 or 2 rare weapons on each tier which somewhat make up for this.All in all, Steamworld Heist worths every penny of your spendings and I recommend it not just to squad tactics lovers but also to anyone who likes to play a quality indie game."
76561198048048464,Recommended,322190,33046879,Posted: 30 June,all,Quindos,"What a surprise!Got this game on steam summer sale, boy was i in for a treat. Simply put, it has a great story, outstanding visuals, soothing soundtrack and a truck load of character. For turn based lovers, the combat is pretty precise, does not allow for many mistakes and really solid combat.Cheers to the developers, this is a gem of a game."
,Recommended,322190,33038946,Posted: 30 June,all,Sarkoforos,It's a nice little game that will run on old computers as well.
76561198087522092,Recommended,322190,33053825,Posted: 30 June,all,Weegee,"Well... I just finished and I must say that the game was overall pretty fun, with a nice art design (a bit like Deponia), good music and fun, simple gameplay mechanics. If you are not a turn-based combat proffesional (like me, I'm pretty bad at it) then you will like it.Overall I give this a 8,5 out of 10 as the combat was getting repetitive by the end and the story seemed quiet rushed in the last part. Also, many GOOD weapons and crewmates I used were from The Outsider DLC, which makes the game slightly unbalanced."
,Recommended,322190,33181288,Posted: 3 July,all,afl300,This is a fun stradgergy game forRPG shooting in my opinion
76561198020830750,Recommended,322190,33355299,Posted: 7 July,all,Sauron,No terrible dodge rng so this is one of the better turn-based games.
,Recommended,322190,33359685,Posted: 7 July,all,Mahefaloo,steamworld dig was good. this is amazing. not the type of game i would usually pick up but got it in the sale and its just so much fun!
76561198112063705,Recommended,322190,33330816,Posted: 6 July,all,Rice Jenkins,Welcome to Gat's Orbihoe
,Recommended,322190,33322656,Posted: 6 July,all,Tom103,Lots of fun!
,Recommended,322190,33363186,Posted: 7 July,all,AusSkiller,"A great game, plays like a side view 2D XCom but with skill based aiming rather than random BS so you don't get the same feeling of being screwed over by RNG that you sometimes get in XCom. Only takes ~15 or so hours to complete too so not as big a time sink as XCom, but still has a fair bit of depth. Well worth checking out."
,Recommended,322190,33381929,Posted: 8 July,all,humbertoroa,"Very addicting game, bought it because my brother wanted it and thought it was interesting. Great buy, DLC hats are not recommended, just a waste of money because they are only useful for enemies not getting headshots on you. If you like RPGs/Shooters/Strategy then you would love this game!"
,Recommended,322190,33390201,Posted: 8 July,all,trodlabal,"I bought it cause it was cheap, I was not sure at first, then I played and after 5 min, I was hookedLove this game !!!!"
76561198114088408,Recommended,322190,33417285,Posted: 9 July,all,the Muffinman,makes me wish XCOM was this polished
,Recommended,322190,33210556,Posted: 3 July,all,megasycophant,"When you find yourself forgetting the objective, instead focusing on shooting the enemy's hat off its head, that's a good ****ing game."
76561198083724557,Recommended,322190,33404670,Posted: 9 July,all,Kiiana Willow,My all time favourite game and i've bought it on every platform i own
76561198031863345,Recommended,322190,33415499,Posted: 9 July,all,civb,"A very well made turn based tactical game. A pros and cons list has been done to death in other people's reviews, so I'll leave some parting remarks now I've completed the main questline missions.Firstly, playing with a controller is recommended by both the game and myself. I used KB+M throughout and got annoyed a few misclicks I made, however the controls are still very agreeable.Secondly, collecting loot for random weapons and utilities is fun but perhaps suffers from a lack of variation or real true uniqueness. There's also the issue of just hoping to randomly get the next weapon tier for your favourite bot. If you're unlucky you may not use said bot/s for a few missions until you get them or will need to grind.Lastly, my major annoyance with the game is the alarm timer aspect wherby after a certain number of turns the alertness of a ship goes up. This means that new enemies will spawn and turrets will turn on. For a few levels this is fine, where the alert will begin at a major fight or when you're going to extraction but when I heard the alarm blaring at the start of a map I found myself sighing in knowing what is to come. By the time I'd reached the end of the map I'd inevitably be at a fairly advanced alert level even if I had rushed since some enemies just aren't one hit kills. Sometimes it felt like playing whack-a-mole as a new enemy would pop out near me each turn as I was ready to go to the next room. So kill that one, get ready again and...oh wait, another enemy. It was frustrating, especially as the game demonstrated time after time it could introduce new ways to add difficulty or variation.Putting my rant aside, I did enjoy this game and I feel others will be satisfied at what the game has to offer. Fun mechanics (my last point aside), different classes, weapons, enemy types, hats, plenty of maps and great aesthetics."
76561197988355656,Recommended,322190,33422992,Posted: 9 July,all,Wallywaffle,Good game.
,Recommended,322190,33297491,Posted: 5 July,all,Certified Grump,"Overall, this is one of the best turn-based games i have played in a long while. The intricate strategy and placement of your characters throughout each level could mean the difference between not being hit once and instantly dying. But it's not just strategy that plays a key role in this game, there's a little bit of skill involved in the actual shooting element of the game. You have to time the shots to perfection to get a headshot, not to mention the ricochet shots you have to pull off to hit your enemy when they are not in your direct line. It is definitely a unique style of game that i would recommend to anyone looking for a turn-based, strategy crossed with delicate aiming mechanics that require precision and accuracy to master.Pros.Unique genere of game that involves easy to learn, hard to master aiming mechanics and fundamental strategy implications.There is a story to this game with multiple cut-scenes that will have you hooked until the end.Different levels and experiences each time you play through (different drops, you can focus on leveling up different characters etc.).The diversity of accessories, hats (for your characters to look cool =P) and weapons that you are able to equip to different characters.Different passive and active abilities that each character has (once you level them up).The different strategies you have to employ once you make it to the next stage.Graphics are pretty good and will run on most computers.The outcome of each battle is different every timeCons.it's too short"
,Recommended,322190,33285255,Posted: 5 July,all,Undertow,"So good! Great animations, art and level replayability. The difficulty seems perfectly tuned when playing on Veteran.Only negative that I've come across so far is the robot ""voices."" The sound effects they use for that are kind of annoying and seem quite a bit louder then they should be."
,Recommended,322190,33506892,Posted: 13 July,all,Oz,"Short 'n' Sweet Review:Graphics:  Great steampunk illustration style.  A gorgeous balance of elements, especially keeping vibrant colors, helped it to avoid the pitfalls of an oversaturation of wood and brass textures that happen all too often in steampunk.Sound:  Clear & Amazing.... It features the third lineup (or is it incarnation?) of Steam Powered Giraffe.  Yes, no, maybe... yay?  I'm conflicted.  I've listend to them since the reprise of Album One. (with Upgrade's vocals removed)  But the songs became hit and (an over abundance of) miss with me after The Jon left.... and that's saddening.Gameplay:Linear turn based platformer with pool style shooting... bank shots can be wild.Overall:Though I found it to be short, I did pick this up with the last Steam sale and feel that I definitely got my monies worth.  I wholeheartedly can recommend this without a shred of hesitation."
76561198042977552,Recommended,322190,33451100,Posted: 11 July,all,Killallzombies,"I finally have a game that can satisfy my endless hunger to collect hats that isn't TF2!Oh, you can shoot steambots as well- if your into that sort of thing.I'm just here for the hats..."
76561198131978591,Recommended,322190,33509922,Posted: 13 July,all,Proailurus,One of the most original games i have played in my entire gaming career(yes it's a career :P)If you like turn based tactical games this is a must buy.Buy and support the developers.We need some story dlc thats for sure.
76561198069943463,Recommended,322190,33560447,Posted: 15 July,all,Bennyester,"Take Worms but add an XCOM style teammechanic and this is what you get. It's brilliant and I highly recommend it. Tho I also recommend watching some gameplay of this game before buying it, because what you'll see there is what you get and it might not be everyones cup of tea."
,Recommended,322190,33574329,Posted: 15 July,all,DON AXOLOTL,"Played for a bit, decided to refund the purchase because I didn't like the grind.Regretted the decision throughout the weekend. Re-purchased the game."
76561198067846495,Recommended,322190,32298509,Posted: 9 June,all,thorsten.roth1989,"Just wow! One of the best games i have played in realy long time.Definitely on the same level with Darkest Dungeon and Forced, the two (mostly) single player games i have enjoyed most in my entire time of gaming.Plz give me more :)"
76561198352326935,Recommended,322190,32337569,Posted: 11 June,all,RU80,"This is one of the first games in years I have completed to the end,A fantastic game, left me wanting more,I found everything enjoyable, the graphics, the characters,Just a great game, relaxing turn based, take your time, no hurry."
76561198069414213,Recommended,322190,32362585,Posted: 12 June,all,martinp123,"I normally dont like turn based games at all, a friend told me about this game when it was recently on sale and it really is fantastic. Just over 2/3 of the way through and am loving every second of it."
76561198178121303,Recommended,322190,32260667,Posted: 7 June,all,ALostBabySeal,"A unique and enjoyable take on the 2D turn-based genre. The story is a little lackluster, but the level design, sense of progression, and unique characters more than make up for the only shortcoming on this otherwise fantastic game.Definitly worth the buy while it's on sale."
,Recommended,322190,32246992,Posted: 7 June,all,HugoV,I had a bad experience with turn based strategy games before (especially with XCOM) but this one is a masterpiece on every aspect.
76561198087356923,Recommended,322190,32247654,Posted: 7 June,all,Elysion,30 min into game and i am amazed. this game has amazing atmosphere and well made design... 10/10 recommended
76561198374709906,Recommended,322190,32217769,Posted: 6 June,all,R3innn,Its really a fun game. A pretty cool worms and xcom combination. I got it on sale this week and i'll probably playing it more.
76561198236996770,Recommended,322190,32270410,Posted: 8 June,all,5 Cents,Its a good game but I got bored of it quick I reccomend If you like close quarters team 3rd person team combat.
76561198077964931,Recommended,322190,32281754,Posted: 8 June,all,Carennocence,"Totally loving this game, so much that it's getting in the way of school. My only complaint is that there's no way to see how a hat looks on a character before you go into a battle. And especially with some of the vectron hats, they look ridiculous on most characters, obsucring their eyes and stuff, and I start hoping someone will shoot the hat off so I don't have to see it anymore."
76561198069066304,Recommended,322190,32303460,Posted: 9 June,all,jakedraugelis,"Short game, but played through it twice. Lots of fun and can tell I'll return to it from time to time."
76561198071660164,Recommended,322190,32392260,Posted: 13 June,all,shaidr733,Nice. Would be nice if they released more DLC's.
,Recommended,322190,32421658,Posted: 14 June,all,Lunar Huntress,"I've really been enjoying the game, just beat the game on both casual and regular difficulty levels. I like the story, the music, and the turn based style of gaming :)"
,Recommended,322190,32433920,Posted: 15 June,all,Zanagoth,"With XCOM-style squad and cover gameplay, with Worms-style aiming and unique charming characters similar to a Mass Effect game, with their own unique abilities and conversations, SteamWorld Heist is incredibly fun for a game of its scale and budget.It's immensely satisfying to land an explosive skillshot that goes exactly as planned, snipe an enemy across the room with a richochet off a wall without laser assistance, or even abuse taunt skills to make enemies blow each other up.Oh, and this game has hats. Look stylish while doing skillshots; or if you see an enemy with a hat you like, shoot it off their head and claim it off the floor for your own."
76561198210861317,Recommended,322190,32375364,Posted: 12 June,all,Leejfs,A really good game to get into skill-based strategy.
,Recommended,322190,32404747,Posted: 13 June,all,borismihajlovic,"Fun, stylish and engaging. Suprisingly non trivial, but not overwhelming"
,Recommended,322190,32404328,Posted: 13 June,all,Aldrenean,"This is a fantastic little gem -- a turn-based tactics game a la XCOM, but with the crazy bullet-bouncing shenanigans of the Worms series. The progression feels great and turns what could have been a disjointed collection of missions into an addicting campaign. I haven't beaten it yet, but every time I play I can't help but play one or three more scenarios than I mean to."
76561198050259606,Recommended,322190,31969530,Posted: 26 May,all,Rikardo,"Great soundtrack and pleasing visuals. A lot of gameplay for the money, took me a little more than 20 hours to complete. By then I had pretty much maxed my characters and level reward points."
,Recommended,322190,32452382,Posted: 15 June,all,MeMosh,"With up to 30 hours of tactical cartoony fun with tons of equipment, interesting chracters, locations and challenges, this cover based 2d tactical game was one of the best indies to come out of 2016 for me.It also delivers on every front, graphics, controls, MUSIC! its a blast, these days we get a ton great looking but unfinished 2 hour indies, but this game is the real thing."
76561198130739156,Recommended,322190,32452264,Posted: 15 June,all,geekpride,"This is excellent value for money, and I definitely recommend it.  I can't think of a single thing I disliked about playing it!  The 2D turn-based movement works well, as does the shooting - and there's something very enjoyable about ricocheting shots off walls and round corners to shoot enemies in the back.  There's a wide variety of enemies to tackle, each having their own individual tactics for you to learn and counter.  Levels and boss battles are well-implemented, and the whole game is presented with such charm that you'll spend a lot of your play time with a smile on your face."
,Recommended,322190,32493040,Posted: 16 June,all,Ragna,"X-comwith: humour , steam robots , trick shots ,pirates , fair playwithout:PERMADEATH(thank God),missing a 99% shot , base buildingvery good game 8/10"
,Recommended,322190,32300864,Posted: 9 June,all,csoffer.me,Art
76561198002085051,Recommended,322190,32742379,Posted: 24 June,all,Daedalus,"+ Great art style+ Great soundtrack+ Shooting mechanics, particularly the ability to bounce shots to get around obstacles+ The world and story are a lot of fun+ Easy to get to grips with, but can still provide enough of a challenge- Game can get a bit repetitive- The AI isn't the smartest, sometimes just shooting its own allies"
76561197970567967,Recommended,322190,32748511,Posted: 24 June,all,rkeezy,"Loads of fun, lots of character. Simple but addicting strategy. Way cool hats and bots."
,Recommended,322190,32736899,Posted: 24 June,all,Legendary Frog,"I had heard good things through reviewers but I have to say I was still pleasantly surprised somehow. If you like turn based strategy games at all then you will enjoy this, and it's extremely cheap right now. Pick up this game!"
,Recommended,322190,26511276,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,rætiacorvus,"--Update--Thanks to the developers it is now possible to use the same savegame across Windows/macOS/Linux without problems.-------------After having a lot of (unexpected) fun with SteamWorld Dig I was looking forward to give SteamWorld Heist a try as it offers a 2D turn based tactical rpg with a slight XCOM feeling in a humorous steampunk space western setting inhabited by robots. And no, not the kind you you would meet in Westworld ;)Although a great port SteamWorld Heist can not hide that it originally was developed for the 3DS. While it is possible to play with mouse and keyboard, a gamepad will offer a much greater feeling for gun handling. Also missions are rather short and geared toward a mobile experience. This allows to play SteamWorld Heist to be played even on short breaks.That being said I had a great time playing SteamWorld Heist across my computers, although the game comes with some flaws.It offers a variety of team members with different skills, but you have to grind with them so you can use them on later missions or just keep with a subset of 3-4 robots you use for all missions.Missions levels are randomly generated but often still feel to similar to offer much diversity in gameplay. Still this is a great feature for those willing to grind. Inventory management is kind of a pain."
,Recommended,322190,30324589,Posted: 4 March,all,MEZISH,Awesome followup of the Steamworld Dig. Simple yet great game with interesting play style.
76561198062894336,Recommended,322190,33757464,Posted: 23 July,all,RDAD,"Great game. Its lot of fun. You can basically compare it to xcom style gameplay, but side scroller. The mechanics is actually better than xcom because its not percentage based targetting. You actually aim towards the enemy and shoot. Theres no luck, its all skill. Tactics and targetting."
,Recommended,322190,33736995,Posted: 22 July,all,zoraergazu,"the song made me found Steam Powered Giraffe. which is a big Big plusi never find ssometing so great with amazing song on backing ittruly a phenomenon game, a must have i can say"
76561197968337569,Recommended,322190,33771530,Posted: 24 July,all,Comedy Reflux,"I want to wholeheartedly recommend this small adventure game. It's absolutely charming and definately worth the price of admission. Bought it at a sale, but would have been content had I paid full price."
,Recommended,322190,33768618,Posted: 24 July,all,Han_Soo,"Platform shooter game, turn-based (rpq?) with leveling system, weapon collections and HAT collections!There are a few characters to choose for the missions, each of them is nicely designed and well-balanced.Funny dialogs to entertain you every time you get into the main ship.8/10, if you like platfrom game, shooter, stylist design, and steampunk robotHighly recommended to get DLC together, the New character is real cool, it helped me through a few tough missions with its unique skill. DLC also contained extra HATs! OH YEAH!"
,Recommended,322190,33889759,Posted: 29 July,all,Oloremo,Great little game. Great example of how core gameplay should be designed.
76561198198892301,Recommended,322190,33867122,Posted: 28 July,all,TheSmilingDoom,"Really nice game, good characters & skills, simple but fun game mechanics, interesting items, challenging but fair level design.Also, there's a lot of hats...and they serve no purpose at all. Personally, I find that rather stupid and wish they had given them some modifiers to abilities, but whatever....If you like turn-based tactics, buy it. You cannot go wrong with this one!"
,Recommended,322190,33833152,Posted: 27 July,all,ProbablyNotShaun,Awesome music. Good Gamplay. Nice character. Beautiful hats!But can be tough
,Recommended,322190,33811526,Posted: 26 July,all,𝓡𝓸𝓼𝓽𝓲𝓰,This has to be one of the best games i've ever played!
76561198031233704,Recommended,322190,33809618,Posted: 26 July,all,yairwex,It's nice
76561198080833647,Recommended,322190,33920455,Posted: 30 July,all,Durgine,Good mix of worms meets squad turn based tactics
76561198025486310,Recommended,322190,33990573,Posted: 3 August,all,HeartlessJing,"The game is amazing, but even more amazing is the soundtrack!This game introduced me to Steam Powered Giraffe and now I own all of their albums and I literally haven't been able to listen to anything else except them for the last month and a half!Finally finished this game today and it sure is great! The combat is great, dialogue between characters is interesting and humorous. I deeply enjoyed experiencing and playing through this game! The DLC is definitely worth it as it adds more missions, weapons, a new character, and more dialogue!Even on normal difficulty, there are times where it's easier to rush through a mission rather than face the oncoming wave of robots! Adrenaline can get high during certain missions as enemies almost never stop spawning in to keep you moving forward!"
,Recommended,322190,28807150,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,King Anger IX,"Fun, funny game that tells, through the twisted lens of Steampunk, a story of hope for Sweden, as the Scrappers are immigrants, Royalists are the inept govt, and Vectron are Americans (who are behind the immigrant crisis).Fen, the Vectron who joins your party, is rather OP once leveled up to have healing as a free action - he will literally carry you through much of the game if you're a newbie. The only real gripes are bumpy difficulty, reputation locks requiring you to return with outleveled team to get important gear, and the OST being done by a tranny. (yes, I'm deeply transphobic)"
,Recommended,322190,33982155,Posted: 2 August,all,Menta,"This is a game I have bought on multiple platforms now (3ds, Wii U, IOS and now PC) and once again I have not remotely regretted it. I could rant about how much I adore this game (or the kickass dev's) for hours but I’ll try keep it brief.Story - What can I say about this, it’s not too complex and you don’t need to play the previous Steam World game so you can jump right into this one (though I would recommend playing Steam World Dig as well as it is quite a fun game), You are basically just a Robot Space Pirate who has had enough♥♥♥♥♥♥so it’s time to take down whoever really pisses you off e.g. an entire Space Robot Government. Granted it is kind of straightforward and could be more fleshed out but hey for what the game is it works quite well. (7/10)Gameplay – At times yes, the gameplay can be difficult and yeah, a little bit repetitive but hey, that’s possibly just cause I’m not too good at games like this. One big issue I do have with this game is the Inventory management as it is quite harsh and you absolutely will have to get rid of a useful item here and there to make room. The straightforward combat is very pleasing and satisfying and feels just like a western shootout… well most of the time at least. (8/10)Characters – Oh man… I adore almost all of these characters so much (not you Sally Bolt) They all have vastly varying skills, designs and backstories and I found myself always grinding to have all crew members around the same level so I can swap them out depending on the mission (Though I usually use a crew consisting of my favs Piper, Sea Brass and my main girl Fen.) (10/10)Soundtrack – MmmMMmMMmmMMm Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ the ambient backing tracks go from creating a great feel for the coldness and emptiness of space all the way to the excitement of battle, then there’s the vocal soundtrack created and performed by the band Steam Powered Giraffe. Them creating the soundtrack is how I found this game and oh MAN I am glad they did, the feel of their music is great and it fits so well and oh man that Main theme is dope as ♥♥♥♥. (9/10)All up this game is super enjoyable and is really good because you can just jump in play a few levels and jump out or you could play for hours, the addition of the DLC is fun and I literally cannot use the Character from it (Fen) she is just too fun to play as. So as a conclusion I would say definitely get this game if you are remotely interested in Robots, Steampunk, Space or Turn Based Shooters.8.5/10"
76561198030646348,Recommended,322190,33994516,Posted: 3 August,all,snaplp,One of the best games I've ever played. I'm suprised it isn't more popular given the quality of the game and the extreme high ratings it has.
76561198025355667,Recommended,322190,34108425,Posted: 8 August,all,Icetailgreg,"A new favorite of mine, with an interesting setting, absolutely bursting with personality! Combine that with a cool combat system, a variety of really interesting characters (And therefore a variety of playstyles), and a great soundtrack by Steam-Powered Giraffe, and you've got a game that you literally won't want to put down!"
,Recommended,322190,34313776,Posted: 17 August,all,Lt Mentle,"Steamworld Heist is a 2D game mixed with Xcom and my expectations were blown away as I got a satisfying and fun story along with great gameplay as my steampunk robot pirates fought thugs, authoritarian royalists, and darn alieins! It was a smooth ride with some fair challenges and I can tell if I went for anything above normal I'd be thinking even harder in the later stages because this game can get rough with your head. Seriously if you don't make any right descisions you're quite screwed unless you can pullout, so good luck and buy this gamealso the DLC is perfectly fine and the devs deserve the support : )"
76561198034182086,Recommended,322190,34323684,Posted: 18 August,all,Noodle,"Fun game, playing it mostly for the cool hats."
,Recommended,322190,34350877,Posted: 19 August,all,st.toad,A lot of fun.
76561198093260511,Recommended,322190,34356606,Posted: 19 August,all,Keibal,"Nice and quick side scroling tatics. Buy if on sale for 75% or if you really like this kind of game. I can see why people would like the game, but I found the characters very bland, the story is not complex at all and you find yourself just crolling down the dialogues, going from mission to mission. I believe the main charm of this game is the tatical part, and it is indeed very dificult and fun to make new tatics, specially since the levels are randomly generated. But I particularry did not enjoy it as much as I tough I would.5/10"
,Recommended,322190,33980274,Posted: 2 August,all,Sotonushka,"I rarely fall for turn-based games (the last one was Worms Armageddon) but this one impressed me. Setting, graphics, and OMG - music create the atmosphere one expects from a steampunk-oriented world. The only thing that disappointed me was the level cap and no point for hats except for achievements."
76561198005632071,Recommended,322190,33439363,Posted: 10 July,all,Blaster,What a great great game. I bought this during a steam sale for under 10 bucks and I'm actually feeling a bit guilty for getting so much fun for so little money. I would have paid 30 if I had known before how good this game is.There are just 3 minor things that are bothering me:1. I got a bug that prevented me from starting this game. I was able to get rid of it after updating my drivers however.2. The programmers of this game where in my opinion a little bit to fond of time limits and/or countdowns. It feels like 2 out 3 missions have one. Would have liked a bit more missions without it.3.I don't get the whole hat collecting thing. I don't care about stuff like this at all. I mostly went bareheaded with my bots. Why is there even a DLC just with hats?????These are however just minor things. I really enjoyed this one and I hope there will be more Steamworld games in the future.
,Recommended,322190,34245065,Posted: 14 August,all,BasiukTV,"A great tactical turn-based 2D shooter with some style!Combat is pretty interesting, reasonably challenging. Great music.Good selection of characters, weapons, and adversaries is available.And don't forget the hats, sacrificing optimal combat move for recovering your lost hat is priceless :)There's one downside though. The game is a bit longer than I'd prefer. For the last chapter, I just lowered the difficulty and steam-rolled to the end."
,Recommended,322190,34677379,Posted: 1 September,all,BruceyJuicy,"Fun in short bursts no replayablilty, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ timer mechanic, get other games before this one, but its ok, loved the shooting mechanic,"
76561197963429904,Recommended,322190,34716564,Posted: 3 September,all,Hexman,"Love these steamworld games, can't wait for Steamworld Dig 2."
76561198012200057,Recommended,322190,35119301,Posted: 21 September,all,Pyaan [OTG],Surprisingly fun game. Easy to understand the game mechanics and quite entertaining. Had a turn based strategy feel to it like xcom but much simpler. The art and music was satisfying also.About 25 hours of gameplay without repeating content.
,Recommended,322190,35260760,Posted: 28 September,all,DeathDealer,"SteamWorld Heist Is an amazing game which has you play the part of a steampunk robot ship captain raiding ships for loot and fighting other robots. The game itself looks absolute stunning and features great music, audio and art. The gameplay itself is all turnbased which is a welcome change from other popular games.However SteamWorld Heist lacks local co-op and PvP. I personally think it would benefit from 3v3 PvP and co-op in a future patch.However great game at very low price.A must buy."
76561197972304296,Recommended,322190,35320763,Posted: 29 September,all,Elementos,Wow this game was fun. Great story and it was really fun to try and figure out enemy mechanics. Boss battles were very fun as well. Really hoping for a Heist 2 to come out!
,Recommended,322190,35393788,Posted: 1 October,all,mike,"Nicely polished game, surround audio (yes, on a 2d game), really fun to play (kind of XCom, but simpler), the only thing I did not like was the in-game music which tends to be a very repetitive short loop that made me set the music volume to zero at some point."
76561198086791194,Recommended,322190,35433470,Posted: 2 October,all,Seikara,"SteamWorld Heist is without a doubt one of the most enjoyable experiences I've had all year. The game is an absolute blast to play through; personally, I don't think there's a single thing to hate about it.What this game has going for it.The first thing that will grab your immediate attention is how beautiful this game looks; the choice of colors in combination with the unique art direction they took all cumulated into a visually striking game that will leave you awestruck. The music is also fantastic as well, and it gives off a strong Borderlands vibe, and I wouldn't be surprised if they took it as their inspiration. Lastly, the gameplay is also really fun to play. As the developers describe, it feels as if you're playing XCOM but in a 2D landscape with a unique twist to turn-based strategy and likable characters. All of them have their strategy and playstyle, and it allows for a whole bunch of variations to combat ensuring that you will almost never get bored. The story is nothing spectacular, but I would be lying if I said I didn't find it charming, entertaining, and humorous.What I think it could have done better:There are three gun classes in Steamworld Heist: Sharpshooters, Assault, and Heavy. Assault weapons are by far the most underwhelming type because it gets outperform by practically every other class. It trades accuracy and consistency for raw damage; however, the damage that you would get in return is so minuscule that the tradeoff will never be worth it. You are better off using a regular handgun in almost any situation. Fortunately, this is my only real gripe, But, if I could add one more thing to future sequels, then having Overwatch just like in XCOM would be hugely beneficial for the players. There are countless moments where you would find yourself being engaged by enemy reinforcements, but because of circumstances staying where you are is better than actually moving away, It will always give the players something to do and remedy all of those turns where you passed doing absolutely nothing.Some advice for beginners:Positioning is crucial especially on higher difficulties as well as appropriate inventory management; not equipping the right gear and utilities for the appropriate characters will significantly prohibit their potential and usefulness in combat. Make it a habit to always think twice before selling an item and prioritize buying inventory upgrades before anything else. Hats are the glue that holds this experience together.In conclusion, this should be in everybody's library. Buy it. Play it. Love it. But most importantly, don't forget to play while wearing your favorite hat!"
76561198073841664,Recommended,322190,29127847,Posted: 8 January,all,gonzo191,"SteamWorld Heist is a side scrolling, turn-based, tactical game where you're the commander of a group of space pirates drawn into unavoidable conflict against the Empire while performing routine heists. Although the game is in side-scrolling 2D, it encompasses the familiar genre staples such as a cover system and terrain variability while displaying some of its own mechanics such as bullet ricochet which add some depth to the simplified systems. While the game delivers an entertaining journey and tense combat, it suffers from a lacklustre story and somewhat repetitive mission structure in the latter half.Pros+ Dialogue and interactions between characters is really enjoyable as characters often share their entertaining back-stories with you after missions.+ Combat is extremely well done, I've heard it compared to a simplified mix of XCOM/Worms.+ Bullet ricochet is highly enjoyable as you can kill enemies hiding behind cover by ricocheting bullets in the blind spots where there is no cover. Getting unassisted ricocheted kills feel extremely  satisfying.+ A lot of effort was placed into the audio and visual aspects of the game and it shows as the game oozes polish from every nook and cranny.+ There's no grind for what amounts for a tactical game and that's surprising for me. Lower skilled characters can be carried and get essential 2 bars if they survived the mission easily bringing them up to the rest of the squad.+ There's no reliance on RNG during the combat it's all skill. If you missed shot, YOU missed the shot as have full control of where you aim. If a character is out in the open then the chances of receiving damage is 90-100% and it was fully based on YOUR decision.+ Combat while not difficult is often times tense under certain situations depending on your difficulty.+ The difficulty curve is rather smooth. I played on Experienced and even though I got wiped on a few missions, it wasn't difficult to complete the game.+ A unique-ish loot system that's literally all of the items found lying on the floor in missions plus the epic swag bonus which is often placed in a mildly inconvenient room forcing you to explore all rooms. Don't feel like managing your small inventory to store mission loot rewards, fine, simply go for the epic swag and leave all other items alone.Cons- Story is kind of lacklustre and forgettable.- You can't equip weapons/items outside of missions.- Missions are too repetitive, you're often stuck doing the same things mission in, mission out and while enjoyable it does get tiresome.- Limited inventory results in management feeling extremely tedious as you're given generous amounts of loot as reward for completing missions.- Aborting missions cost 50% of your current money/water. Why is this a thing, there were times where I accidentally retried missions I'd completed instead of selecting the next mission and I had to slug through it again because I'd be penalised for nothing.- The game feels a bit too long and drawn out, almost like if it was padded with unnecessary content e.g. the 1 character missions.- There are times where the enemy AI is too accurate. This is clearly evident during the boss battle against the Queen. The general's bullet will ricochet a number of times and the result is a perfect shot no matter what. I've had this happen to me a lot during that battle to the point that it's unfair and too perfect.- Battles can become drawn out as result of the alert system which spawns a number of enemies of increasing difficulty when the counter has elapsed. I get why this is here but boy does it get annoying.Irritations+/- Hats...why are they a thing? They serve literally no purpose, no added stat benefit or complexity.+/- Loot is kind of boring as it simply boils down to +1 this or -1 that.+/- There are no unique group passive synergies when in combat other than the captain's Inspire ability. I feel like this is a missed opportunity seeing as how simplified the game is, this could've added some much needed depth and nuance to the combat.VerdictSteamWorld Heist is an overall enjoyable experience despite its shortcomings and is well worth the recommendation. The combat is tense, the dialogue is well written, the strategy and tactical mechanics while simple are extremely accessible and all of this results in a very entertaining package."
