user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,322110,23426087,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,darksydepill,Play this if you're tired of waiting for Mighy No. 9.EDIT: Mighty No. 9 is here now.Play this instead.
76561198019926689,Recommended,322110,34344943,Posted: 19 August,all,HonkeyKong73,"Mighty No.9 raised over 4 million dollars.20XX raised a little over 20,000.It's not how much money you have, but what you do with it that matters, clearly.VERY solid game that always gives you a new experience. A must-buy for any Mega Man fan."
,Recommended,322110,23698006,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Terspook,Better than mighty no. 9 will ever be
76561198042084942,Recommended,322110,23530372,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Magnemania,"20XX is a game that replaces the Megaman formula's meticulous level design with a random number generator.  Somehow, it works.This is a game inspired QUITE heavily by the Mega Man X series to the point where veterans will be able to master the game's controls within seconds.  A multitude of game mechanics return directly, such as charging shots, dashing (and dash jumping), wall jumping up individual walls, boss weapons, and many of the upgrades from the original games.However, 20XX does display some discipline when taking elements, removing or modifying gimmicks that induce frustration (such as blunting spikes and bottomless pits to a single point of damage as punishment) and adding several common roguelike mechanics.By action-roguelike standards, 20XX does pull its punches, and the success of a run is not as reliant on RNG as its compatriots.  It does suffer from the common action-roguelike problem of creating difficulty through bullet hell-type enemy attack patterns, but in a normal run, bullet density will never become outright ludicrous (as it does in Rogue Legacy) and there is still some emphasis on reacting to attack patterns rather than painstakingly threading the protagonist through holes in a sea of projectiles.The character progression in an individual run is excellent.  In addition to raw damage/health/energy numbers increasing, items can be collected to increase jump height/movement speed, add special aerial maneuevers, and drastically change the behavior of standard attacks.  Progression is significant enough that starting a new run after getting fairly far can be quite jarring, as one gradually becomes accustomed to the increased agility and utility one gains as one moves farther into a run.As of this review, the game is still in early-access, and there are some small flaws and glitches to be encountered.  Unlike most Early-Access titles, I would recommend the game in its current state, as the price is planned to increase until release and the game is quite enjoyable as it is."
,Recommended,322110,34389653,Posted: 21 August,all,Chiaroscuro,a better spiritual successor of Megaman than Mighty No.9
,Recommended,322110,32098186,Posted: 31 May,all,Ackman,"You like Megaman X, right?Play Roguelike Megaman X."
,Recommended,322110,23424939,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Arrow,"This game is absolutely fantastic. Everything about it, from the characters, the enemies, the bosses, and the soundtrack just ooses megaman x.Every single run through of the game is a wild ride and it does a fantastic job of making the levels harder and harder as you go, as well as the bosses.  Remember that boss you fought first last time that was a total push over? Well now he isn't, he has extra moves he didn't have last time or maybe even a second form.The game is also very challeneging. Sure you might be able to beat 2 or 3 levels very easily but to beat all 8 bosses is quite the challenege. If it's too hard play easy mode which allows you to choose some extra power ups to start with. Too easy? Play one of the daily/ weekly challenge modes or enable some of the optional ""skulls"" which change the mechanics of the game (think halo skulls).The more I play this game the better it gets. Every update has just added more and more polish and variety and I can't think of a single thing to complain about."
76561198079774545,Recommended,322110,24804568,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,abugaj,"Ok, lets just imagine what this guy could have done with Mighty Number 9s money. Once you play this game it will anger you because this game is what Mighty Number 9 should have been. This is the true spiritual successor to the famous Blue Bomber Mega Man.Wow first off let me tell you if you like Mega Man in any capacity go buy this game right now. Yes its in Early Access but let me tell you this game is GOOD very Good even in its current unfinished state. This game is going to be a massive hit Massive because the replay value is so high. You play as two characters Nina which is your representation of Mega Man and also a Zero clone (can't remember his name) who has a sword as his main. The game has coop too which just adds to the replayablity of this game.Graphics: A cell shaded look kind of cartoony but feels like a mix of the old nes and snes mega man games. The graphics get the job done for this retro style game.Music: HOLY HOT DAMN this is good. This is the best part of the game imo. The game is worth the price of admission for the sound you get to treat your ears to this kind of goodness. 10/10!Control: Ok I am going to be honest when I say this but this game has prob the most responsive controls in any game I have ever played. You feel like you are in 100 percent control of your movement and where you go. If you miss a jump its your fault.Replay value: With random generated levels, daily challenges and challege modifiers this game could last you forever prob.This game will prob end up being one of my all time favorite games because it takes elements from some of the best games ever like Spelunky and Mega Man. There is something exciting about playing these types of games because every run will be different due to the powerups you get just like Spelunky which is one of my all time favorites. This game may not be finished yet but its well on its way to becoming a smash hit. Go ahead and buy now if you like Rougelites, Mega Man, 2d platformers,and Spelunky."
,Recommended,322110,31326573,Posted: 23 April,all,A Sp00ky Robut,"Mighty Number 9-(supposedly) finished product, approx. 4 million dollars, two separate teams of developers (One of which made some of the best games in the Mega Man series). Doesn't live up to the hype and is an overall mediocre game at best.20XX-Unfinished, still in beta, approx. 20 thousand dollars, miniscule dev team that has never made a game before. Absolutely stellar successor that is immensely fun to play and can be replayed countless times.Yeah, I don't see any difficulty in this choice either."
,Recommended,322110,23696030,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GrannyGumJob,Far better than Mighty No. 9. this game absolutely deserves the hype that Mighty No. 9 got.
,Recommended,322110,32711439,Posted: 23 June,all,Seph,"Hiya there! I have to say, 20XX is a hella fun game to play regardless if you're playing coop or singleplayer.Gameplay: 10/10The augmentations feel balanced and fun to obtain, the weapons, powers, and armor combos make the game highly replayable, with every run feeling different from the last. The armor set bonuses make you feel powerful, and the powers have hidden attributes with them, like being able to disable traps! The controls are also really tight and feel very responsive, I can't think of anything wrong with it.Music: 6/10The music isn't anything special, but it does provide an energetic atmosphere to the levels. However, the music doesn't really seem to match the levels to be honest. That's not to say it isn't bad!Sound: 7/10The sound is good for the most part, but it can get repetitive and stale after some time. Most enemies don't make sounds, and any sounds from your powers or followers are quiet and don't quite give the feeling of being powerful, even if it is a fully charged quint laser. Still though, not bad.Graphics: 9/10I love the art style of this game!  Real cartoony, plus every enemy has a nice and distinct look! The particle and explosion effects are great, and every update will increase polish animations and graphics!All in all, this game is an amazing indie game, and I feel that it captures the feeling of playing Megaman X, while still having it's own personal twist to it, being roguelike and all. If you enjoyed megaman X and like roguelike action platformer shooters, you'll have a blast playing this game!"
,Recommended,322110,34408796,Posted: 21 August,all,Dr. Dan Dungus,"Capcom should be kicking themselves.It seems so obvious in retrospect. The Mega Man formula, built on replayablity and tight, extremely fair controls meshes so well with the punishing but fair rougue-like formula. Add in procedural generation and BAM! You have a game that is basically a love-song to the X series with it's own genius twist.Really enjoying it solo and co-op, though the netcode could use some polish.Steam workshop for stages, bosses, skins PLEASE!"
,Recommended,322110,32123252,Posted: 2 June,all,GD,"It's pretty fun for a quick dose of Mega Man X styled game.I would not recommend this game to people who don't know much of Mega Man X though, the difficulty can be offputting especially with the timed jumps and overcoming gaps, but to seasoned veteran players of Mega Man X, this is incredibly fun, even more if you have a friend to play with, which is recommended.The downside is, the netcode is still quite sketchy, having monsters out of sync, freezing and crashing, but still to a degree, playable.Edit:This is part of the review reflects the game in its full 1.0 release.The game graphics have changed quite a bit for the better, the game is very fun still. Despite it being a roguelike, you do unlock upgrades now that make each run easier if you're playing easy or normal mode. The netcode doesn't feel very much different. It's still playable.Because of the difficulty option, new players should be able to play this game and get into the groove easier. I feel it would be better if the difficulty was dynamic so players don't feel bad picking easy mode. The game also has very low PC requirements, making this game that much more accessible asides the difficulty.I still recommend highly if you have a friend to play this with. It's much better than playing alone."
,Recommended,322110,28526202,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Misery,"Time to review one of my favorite games here.  I'd actually tried to write this up before, awhile back, but Steam went ""HERP DERP DURRRRR"" and wouldnt post it.  It does that, sometimes.Anyway.... 20XX.   The most basic way I always describe this game to people is: ""This is the game that Mighty No. 9 wishes it could be"".  Frankly, some of the actual Megaman series wishes it could be this one, too.So what exactly is 20XX?  Overall, it's a platformer that's extremely similar to the old Megaman X series (on the SNES), with alot of roguelike elements, and even more general brutality than the old games were known for.Starting things off, you choose from one of two characters:  Nina, who uses ranged attacks, and Ace, who uses a sword (they sound a bit familiar?).  When you begin a run, the game's first stage is chosen at random... you dont know which of the game's 8 bosses you'll be going after.  The old idea of being able to always choose between the full 8 is gone, to prevent players from always choosing an ""optimal"" path... you cant do that now.  When a level ends, you are given a choice of 3 randomly selected bosses to go after.  Since, as you'd expect, each boss is weak against a specific power, this gives the choice of order some weight.  There's more to it than just that though... but we'll get to that in a bit.The first thing you're likely to notice (other than the excellent graphics) are the controls.  They are, frankly, perfect.  This game just outright FEELS like that old series did.  You have the same moves, too... running, the sliding dash, basic jumps (right down to the same height), and clinging to, leaping off of, and generally scaling walls. And of course, your weapons... you can fire normal shots, or you can use charged attacks.  Also like in the old X series, there are various suit enhancements; these can give you additional special abilities, such as the ability to double-charge your weapon, or the ability to temporarily fly in any direction for about a second.There are also boss powers to use, of course.  You have quite the array of attacks to choose from, and they all have their unique uses.  You've got things like the boomerang blade, which can be thrown in 8 directions, the shockwave, which can smash enemies and cancel bullets in an area around you, or something like the power I call the Death Pixel... you'll see why I call it that if you try it out (it can be charged, give that a try).  Each power is both useful and satisfying.  But not just that, each has an additional special function.  For example, remember those nasty vanishing and reappearing platforms?  Yeah, they're here too.  If you're having trouble with them, and if you have Eternal Star's power, you can smack them with that to lock them into place.  Something like the Death Pixel can smash up vending machines, giving you some free money.  Each of the 8 powers can do something special in addition to it's main function.Now, this being part roguelike, the different levels you go through are randomly generated, being made of tons of possible ""chunks"".  These are all very well made and they work well together... but the difficulty is very, very high here.  A gazillion traps and nasty foes await you in the horrible hellholes that the bosses call home.  Fortunately, again, this is part roguelike, which means you have a bewildering array of powerups that can help you.  All sorts of ideas, both basic and very unique/creative, can be found as items in this game.  You'll find them in chests, in stores, or as rewards for defeating a boss.  Some of them get pretty quirky, and the more powerful ones almost always have a downside:  Something that gives your basic attack a huge boost might also lower the damage of boss powers, for instance.  Some of them get pretty complicated.  As with many games like this, knowing when NOT to take an item is just as important as anything else.  There are even special weapons for both characters that entirely replace your basic attacks.Between runs, you'll be able to spend Soul Chips (granted from special enemies with massively-buffed HP) to unlock new items, or buy a couple to take with you into your run.   The game has a nice sense of progression, as there are LOTS of items here.  So many.  There are also a variety of modes and difficulties to choose from, including dailies.  You have a ton of stuff to do here.And did I mention the enemies?  There's lots of them, of course, and they can get pretty devious.  Learning their patterns, and also knowing when/how to use boss powers to your advantage, is very important.  It's very easy to die in this game.  The bosses in particular are extra difficult, and WHEN you fight a boss determines how hard it is.  Death Lotus might seem like an easy win if he's the first boss... but if he's number 8, he'll drown you in flowers and horrible exploding things... good luck with that.Overall, while the difficulty means this isnt for everyone (there IS a ""casual"" mode though), the sheer fun of it, and the incredible amount of polish, make this the ""Megaman"" game I'd always wanted, one with endless replay value and stuff to do (and powers that are actually useful).  Even in it's EA state, I'd absolutely recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,322110,18233304,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Howar31,"Awesome MegaMan-like game.  Pretty smooth control and nice level design.  Though this is still in Early Access, it's quite playable due to random stages and COOP mode.+Smooth control.  The feeling is quite similar to Mega Man gameplay.+Nice level design.  The levels are fun and challenging.+Random levels.  The game always creates random level every time you play.+Local COOP and network COOP is awesome.  You can play with your friends!+Daily challenges.+Rogue-like gameplay.  Collet Nut Souls and unlock powerful items.-The arts are REALLY bad lol.  The characters and mobs and environment and particle effects really need some reworks.  :PGenerally speaking, this is really good as a rogue-like 2D platformer.  Also bring back the Mega Man memories from my childhood.  This is still in Early Access and frequently updating.  Hope it'll be even more awesome when it's finished.  (Art rework pls!)非常讚的洛克人類型遊戲，操作十分流暢、關卡設計也很棒，雖然這款目前仍在開發中，但他的隨機關卡和COOP模式已經很好玩了。+流暢的操作，操作手感十分接近洛克人系列。+良好的關卡設計，很多關卡設計很有趣又富有挑戰性。+隨機關卡，每次遊玩時遊戲都會產生隨機的關卡內容，每次都不一樣。+單機多人和網路多人合作模式，可以和朋友一同奮戰！+每日挑戰任務。+Rogue-like的遊戲系統，蒐集 Nut Souls 來解鎖強大的物品裝備。-美術實在非常爛 lol，角色和怪物和環境和各種特效都十分需要加強。 :P整體來說，這款是一個很棒的 rogue-like 2D平台遊戲，也真的喚醒當時童年的洛克人美好回憶，目前這款仍在開發中且持續在更新，希望完成後是一個很棒的遊戲。 (美術重做，拜託)"
,Recommended,322110,34321824,Posted: 17 August,all,Sir Sicknasty of Spades,"If you have a hole in your soul where Mega Man used to be, fill it with this game"
,Recommended,322110,34299756,Posted: 16 August,all,Sairek Ceareste,"20XX is a MegaMan Roguelike (or Roguelight) that, while yes, randomness is certainly a thing, it will really be your own skills and reflexes as a gamer that will carry you far into the game. While collecting random power-ups to make yourself stronger is useful, it's ultimately your ability to play that will decide whether you succeed or fail. Not if you were lucky or not.Despite that, many level blocks that are randomly generated through level seeds, with random powerups and a large item pool to boot, each run will be a very unique challenge that you will have to tackle through and shouldn't get boring easily (I don't have over 300 hours for nothing).Make no mistake, this game doesn't not have any (real) permanent upgrade system. There's a couple permanent upgrades to help you out, but ultimately it is you as a gamer who is the one who will be challenged. Not how many stats you obtain on Nina, the Megaman X-esque character who blasts her foes away with a giant arm cannon, or Ace, the Zero-like man, who goes in slicing in dicing with saber like weapons... or axes... or spears... or glaives.The one who gets stronger with each one will be YOU. The player. As your skills become more and more refined, you will find that each death will get further apart. You may die on level 3. And then level 4. Then level 6. Until eventually you get to the final challenge -- and probably die a few times there too. But each time you get there, you will get a little bit stronger, as you increase your arsenal of items you can find.And then when you finally beat the game, you look, to see all of these difficulty modifiers to challenge yourself even more, to make yourself even stronger as a player by handicapping yourself. And then when you've refined your skills up even more, testing your skills in the daily and weekly challenges to try and be #1 on the leader boards may not seem like such a daunting task to do afterall.Also, the music is really awesome. Don't believe me? Then I invite you to stay a while, and listen:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfBZ73Q4L8MkIxYMjDfgyfUS0oPSTOKaY"
,Recommended,322110,20797240,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Kass,"If you love Mega Man, Mega Man X, or Mega Man Zero.... Get this game immediately. Seriously, don't even read the rest of this review, it's a waste of your time, you could be playing 20XX. If you aren't hooked already, don't worry, this game is definitely good enough to stand on its own merits.Mega Man X (or Zero, if you play Ace like me) meets roguelike: the game in a nutshell. You play through the game as Nina or Ace. Nina is a ranged character with a buster capable of charged shots, while Ace is a melee character with a three hit combo, though he can also charge the first swing of his sword for double damage. The characters function the same, essentially, though Ace has just a tiny bit more natural mobility and hp than Nina to accomodate his gameplay style (go fast, kill, repeat).You go through a tutorial run which does a very nice job of explaining the gameplay mechanics via gameplay and small sections of on screen text, but after that... heheh. During runs you come across chests. Break these suckers open to acquire: health/energy/nuts, upgrades that can give you boosts to stats, such as attack or speed, upgrades that can grant new abilities, like double jumping, mid-air dashing, orbital shields, etc., or switch out your standard weapon for something a little more shiny, all of which can dramatically change how you play the game from that very point forward, or at the very least keep you alive ;) You may also find vending machines for health or energy. They'll keep you in good condition... provided you have the cash. At the end of your run you fight a boss! Go figure. Beat his♥♥♥♥♥and then you can either take his power, some cash, or a low-tier upgrade. Beat the stage before the bonus timer runs out and you get an additional chest with who knows what inside!What keeps things interesting? As you beat levels, the following levels become more difficult. More enemies.TOUGHER enemies. More obstacles. Harder platforming. Stronger bosses. The longer you go, the harder it gets, in every way. Hopefully you've been stacking those upgrades and earning some nuts... However if you find the normal run too easy, or just not enough fun... Turn some skull modifiers on. Double the length of all levels, make even MORE enemies spawn, make those enemies act faster and hit harder, turn level obstacles into instant death, do a run with no nuts (hahahaha...), no stat boost drops, make it so the game doesn't end until you die or are done with being immortal. It's up to you.CO-OP?!?!?! That's right, you can do two player runs, either locally or online! You can choose either character, there is no ""You're Tails, I'M SONIC"" bs. In local co-op, the screen will expand to fit both players according to the distance between them (similar to Smash Bros. if you've played that), but online, you get your default screen view. Items drop for players the same way but will be labeled with ""P1, P2"" for their respective player.  Right now the game is in beta, so online play... it's not perfect, but by no means should you avoid it entirely. There's a bit of lag, and some bugs in the safehouse, but a solid experience nonetheless.USE A CONTROLLER. It says to use an X360 but... anything similar is probably okay (I use a logitech f310 gamepad). The controls are super tight, exactly like the titles that inspired this one. The level design can honestly be a tad frustrating at times, but if you remember to open your eyes, breathe, and think about what you're doing, you'll get through it (also unlock double-jump as soon as you can lol).Yeah right now the game is $11.99? Final sale price will be $15. Worth every penny now, and this game is trending up. There is a lot care put into this game and it shows. Buy it, add me as a friend, and I'll wreck shop with you.10/10 <3"
,Recommended,322110,24144798,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Sblounskched,"Hey.  You.  Lookin' at this review.  Let me ask you a question.  Do you like AWESOME things that are AWESOME?  Then you gotta play this game, dude.  It's friggin' cool, and CRAZY addictive.  Like popping BUBBLE WRAP addictive.20XX is a Mega Man X inspired roguelike, and unlike another recent Steam release that takes its inspiration from Mega Man, it won't make you cry like an anime fan on prom night.This game comes with two playable characters, Nina (X) and Ace (Zero).  Each has a standard weapon, but new ones can be acquired in stages, and more can be unlocked through play.  When a boss is defeated, you can choose to take their power (Which another boss is weak to!) or an enhancement or the game's currency to buy things in stage shops or vending machines scattered around the stages.As the game begins, you start in a random stage with weak enemies and a fairly small amount of set pieces.  As you progress through stages, enemies get tougher, stages get longer, more items and abilities drop, and you can acquire armor pieces that, when a complete set is formed, gives another bonus!  Once completing a stage, you're given the choice of up to 3 stages to progress to, until all 8 bosses have been defeated.   Once you defeat the last boss, the final teleporter ends the game and gives you a score/recap.If the game gets too EASY for a PRO like you, you can enable Skull modifiers, that do things from make stages longer, start stage generation at level 5, increase enemy count, remove drops from the game, remove specific bonuses from the game, make pits/spikes instantly kill you, speed the game up, double enemy damage, etc.If the game is TOO HARD for a CASUAL like you, or you feel like dicking around being overpowered, you can begin a casual run with 3 of the items you've unlocked.  It can be cathartic to tear through enemies with a ton of power bonuses.If you really have an itch to scratch for a Mega Man X game and can't wait any longer for MMX Corrupted, I cannot reccommend this game to you enough."
,Recommended,322110,23428739,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Quirken,"I always loved Megaman as a kid. (I especially liked playing as Zero in the X games). As an adult, I've grown to have a fondness for roguelikes. This game is exactly what you might expect from that mash-up. Randomly generated Megaman levels. It has a bit of a Megaman 7, in that there are item shops."
,Recommended,322110,34277083,Posted: 16 August,all,OPPAI-INARI,"If you have any interest at all in 2D action games, even if you don't really like Mega Man X, you owe it to yourself to play this. This is basically a procedurally-generated Mega Man X game with dynamic powerups that can completely change the way you play. It has the ability to re-play seeds, it has an easy mode where you have lives and a hard mode where you enable Skulls (ala Halo) to alter the game rules, it has local and network co-op, it has the ability to play as Nina (X) and Ace (Zero), it has persistent (meta-)progress and perma-death, and on the whole it's just really fantastic.20XX just launched on Steam after a lengthy Early Access period; if you haven't seen this game yet trust me when I say that if you like 2D action games at all, you should buy it sight unseen. The developers are active and engage well with the community, and the game has had many bugfix and optimization passes. It even runs well on Intel graphics! This is really one of the best games on Steam."
,Recommended,322110,25576360,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Barrin,"GET THIS GAME INSTEAD OF MIGHTY NO 9!!!!Yes, its hard.Yes, its rougelike to a degree.Yes, you get one life.But YES, IT'S FUN!!!!!"
76561198040173478,Recommended,322110,29288554,Posted: 15 January,all,Spear,Megaman X fans will like this
76561198038943185,Recommended,322110,24985357,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The First Pigmask Col.,"[1.0 Review]I knew this game was going to be something special when I saw it being played by Somecallmejohnny and then I went out of the way to purchase this game back when it was in early access and I was not disappointed by its first impressions. The game was addictive and was hard to shuffle between other games I play through the day because I always had that thought ""Just one more run"". Now that 1.0 has been released and through all the bug fixes, patches, new tilesets, boss reworks and even new mechanics and now two more bosses but...I will let you find out who those bosses are for yourself ;D.But now that I have played and beaten the new bosses (But this is not the last I will play of this game) I can now say without a shadow of a doubt that 20XX is worth the purchase and I highly recommend those who are curious about this game to give it an honest try because you wont be disappointed with what the game has in store for you. If you loved the Binding of Isaac and its RNG and destructively overpowered builds then you will enjoy taking out hordes of enemies with a myriad of different armors from Overpowered charged shots to a Infinite Energy for your special abilities. This is definitely for those who enjoy Megaman X, a fanbase whose hunger for jumpin and shootin platforming has been vastly ignored. Well no longer.As for the new stuff I feel like I should not spoil anything for those who have not played the game (But I promised a decent review so I will explain as best I can without confusing anyone.) This game like others like it (Binding of Isaac) excell on the replay value the fun only ends when you cannot think of anything else if you think you cannot do anything more with single player then connect with other people in Multiplayer to expand the chaos and fun of the game by obliterating everything in sight and whats even better? Items, Weapons and even power ups and currency are shared between both players so you dont have to feel left out! And if that does not wet your appetite and want to prove your the top ranked contracter? Then you will be glad to hear that multiple Challenge runs are for you! See how you measure up to the best of the best!Or if you want to feel adventurous then when you start a new game go to the two other game modes in single player.Casual where you can either choose 3 power ups to start with rather than nothing or what you can buy from the shop.If your really feeling brave you can try experimenting with the mutliple challenge modes in Deviant where you can make it as challenging as you can to suit your play style. Such wonderful options such as Toxic which is a mode if you dont beat the level in the time alotted you will lose health until you die. Or maybe you feel there are not enough enemies to blow up then you will choose Swarm to never be alone again as waves of enemies come to greet you (With death of course)! And even Endless and Longer Stage modes that will garentee you will have a ball.But thats all I am willing to share because you have to play this game to understand my love for it. It may sound biased but this game gets a solid 100 of 100, 10/10 no matter what ranking I can give it I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves Megaman X, Binding of Isaac or even those who are not exposed to either I would recommend it even those who never heard of either game or played it. What are you waiting for? Go get the game and join our ever expanding community. And to BatteryStaple and everyone tied to this project. I give you a big round of applause for making the dream game that I will waste hours in when im in need for fast paced action.i Can only hope this game continues to move forward and maybe see new things. If anything if BatteryStaple has anything else up their sleeve they will let us know. Catch you later guys!"
,Recommended,322110,26624039,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,mouseburg,"[UPDATED AFTER RELEASE]Yup. It's still fantastic, still worth the money, and still the best Mega Man clone out there.[End of update]20XX is what Mighty No. 9 should have been, at least in terms of mechanics. Being a roguelite game, it still has some differences. The game uses roguelite progression where you go between randomly-generated levels and fight bosses that are weak to eachothers powers, but when you die, you're kicked back to the Ark and have to start your run again. The progression comes from Soul Chips that certain powered-up enemies drop, which you can then spend on additional item and weapon drops that will appear in future runs once you return to the Ark.The gameplay is very solid, especially for an early access game. It should be said that if you like Mega Man but are wary of 20XX because it's both early access and a roguelite game, it's still very much worth your time. The levels, while largely randomized, very rarely feel unfair and it's possible to clear large portions of the game without taking damage if you're skilled enough. That said, the generation isn't perfect and you can still take unnecessary hits from time to time, and the platforming sections are generally either ridiculously easy or borderline impossible without much in between.TL;DR - 20XX is ♥♥♥♥ing great, gets constant major updates and overhauls, and is totally worth the price."
,Recommended,322110,17456951,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,DCDC420,"Literally better than Mighty No 9 right now. Some balancing issues with the powers. upgrades, weapons and bosses but that's to be expected in early access. Great soundtrack, adequate graphics and plenty of fun.If you like the Megaman X series, I highly reccomend you pick this one up."
76561198083217792,Recommended,322110,17324627,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,TheRedwolf,"I've never submitted a review before, but I'm compelled to in this case.  Firstly, this game is great, and it deserves your support.  If you enjoy the Megaman series of games or action platformers in general this is a no brainer.  It's an awesome roguelike in the style of Megaman with two playable characters and a good variety of enemies and level layouts.  You can find items in levels or at the end, with bonus incentives for completing a level quickly enough, and you unlock more of them as you play.  It's still early access, so there's a lot to come, but even as it stands I wholeheartedly recommend it.However, this game has so much more going for it than just what there is so far.Firstly, it's a totally reasonable price at $12, it'll go up a bit at official release, but even still I'd happily pay $20 or even a bit more with enough additional features.  Speaking of additional content, there's a timer on the title screen telling you when the next update with additional content is going to come out (about 5 days to the next as of writing this review) which is a level of accountability I've not seen in an early access game.  There are so many out there that you'll hear nothing from for months at a time, and they make a point of telling you at any time how long until more content comes out.Lastly, the devs are great.  I read through other reviews and saw ones mentioning them giving feedback and listening to fans (such as adding in a three hit saber combo rather than just the same animation) which is always cool.  Then I had my own awesome experience with them.  I sent in some feedback with bugs I'd seen and ideas I had and within a few hours got an email from one of the devs who wasn't even in the office at the time thanking me for my feedback.  That's incredibly cool and fairly unprecedented from my own experience.Seriously, this is an awesome game made by awesome people and you should get it if you're even remotely interested."
,Recommended,322110,30737735,Posted: 25 March,all,Cory,It's a Megaman X rogue-like. What more could you ask for?
,Recommended,322110,30953553,Posted: 4 April,all,Thexare,"I've had this game for about ten months or so, and in that time the developer has only been late for the regularly-scheduled biweekly update one time. Definitely not one of those games with a dev activity problem.I've also reported several level generation bugs, which were without fail fixed in the next patch.Development details aside, it's just a fun game. It does use procedural generation, and if you die that's it, so if those are dealbreakers you should skip this.The game controls very smoothly with an Xbox 360 controller, and the two playable characters are reasonably distinct - only the primary weapons are different (each also has their own four alternate weapons), but until late in the game you'll be using them heavily because of energy limitations.The final level hasn't been implemented yet, but the eight bosses are present and accounted for. There are also several challenge options you can enable, such as Endless (which continues to scale as you go) and Lightning (which speeds everything up). You can apply multiple challenges at a time, if you so choose - my standard selection is Marathon (longer levels), Swarm (more enemies), and Destiny (cannot choose next level)."
76561198064875263,Recommended,322110,29676914,Posted: 3 February,all,delita,"Two player Megaman X Roguelite. Do I need to say more?Well, I will. It took me a dozen or so tries to beat it the first time, but now I can reliably beat all 8 bosses and default to playing the ""endless"" mode instead. The devs are thoughtful and diligent, I like to stop by and play for a few hours after every new update, usually 2 weeks apart.It lacks those little touches that made Megaman X such a beautiful experience, but I think it matches up to any other game in the series."
,Recommended,322110,23509286,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,saegiru,"I can't quite fully get into this game. It is for people that like Megaman X/Megaman type games obviously... but this game is a little too insane for my tastes. the hit sprites for the enemies and attacks are so huge, that hit detection isn't quite perfect. There were plenty of times I was trying to avoid a big fireball or enemy, and then I jumped forward - and thought I would take damage, but didn't because the hitbox of everything isn't the entire sprite. You eventually get a feel for it and can compensate, but I really think that if you visually touch a sprite border, you should take damage.Also, I think because of the nature of the random levels, it relies too much on cheap hits from huge groups of weak enemies and environment hazards. I much prefer more thought out levels created by real people - like the Megaman games. It just feels more fluid and challenging on a fair level, as opposed to a bunch of thrown together hazards. I feel like they need to tweak the level generation process to allow for some more cohesive levelsthat don't have pit drops and environment hazards constantly.All that being said, I don't hate it - and I can enjoy it to a small degree. My biggest complaint is there is no real feeling of progression overall. I think it would do well to add something like usable energy tanks, and maybe a few items that hold over even after dying (if even only for a few runs after instead of forever.) So far it's super frustrating to be having an excellent run, then getting screwed by a bad level or a crazy difficult boss, then to start literally over from the beginning with no nuts, and your base abilities.Also, the few music tracks are pretty good - but they need a LOT more. They get repetitive much quicker than Megaman music does for sure.Lastly, I feel like the main characters still need a slight redesign. They look kind of cheap to me. Something is missing, but I can't quite put my finger on it.I'm glad it's still early access, which means they can hopefully polish some of this into a more enjoyable game. As it is, I find myself screaming after every death and have to turn it off for a few hours before I feel like subjecting myself to it again.I recommend it to anyone wanting a good Megaman type shooter, at the $8.99 price I got it at. At this point though, I wouldn't be able to justify it's $11.99 early access price, and definitely not the $15 release price it will be."
,Recommended,322110,30153693,Posted: 24 February,all,Smokey Bear Bum,Spiritual successor to Mega Man X.
,Recommended,322110,28811840,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,student 20,"Did Mighty Number 9 dissappoint you? Were you looking for Mega-Man action, but instead got an ad campaign that made you want to cry like a jock who lost the big game? Are you into tight controls, procedurally generated levels, and persistant power ups?If you anwered ""YES!"" To my little quiz, then this is the title you're looking for. It has mega-man action with two playable characters (one essentailly Mega Man, the other basically Zero), good controls, upgrades, fun boss battles, multiple game modes, and even multiplayer. What's more, it has all that, plays great, and it's still in Beta! Get on board for this one, 'cause it's fun to play NOW. I can only imagine how awesome it'll be when they're done!A couple bonuses: It looks great, and on the Title Screen, there's a frakkin' countdown timer to the next update. How cool is that?A single warning: You need a controller for this one, preferably an Xbox One/360 controller (because that's what the button prompts are setup for). It's theoretically possible to play with the keyboard, but, much like Meat Boy and a lot of other platformers, you'll be a lot happier with a control pad.A final note: Are you still here? The review's over! Go on - go buy the game!"
,Recommended,322110,16202639,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mad,"This game has unlimited potential, just like our beloved X.The gameplay is great, and the game has something to offer (even in it's Early Access phase). It also has a great soundtrack!The only thing I will complain about is the graphic aspect: characters, enemies, shots, weapons, backgrounds and tileset share the same colors tint and this is a punch in one eye.I'm directly talking to the developer(s): please, if you tweak the color scheme to create a neat distinction between game object and background ones, you'll make this game glorious!That said, I hope you'll make a lot of money (and I, as a player, hope to see a lot of updates)! Props for this project, it's great :)"
,Recommended,322110,24584449,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"EDIT: Editting the review to say that new content has made powers feel fantastic, including more boss interactions and level interactions, making your level routing more of a decision than ever, choosing to do easier bosses to get access to powers that make later levels easier, or routing to get powers in the order to do boss weaknesses to make them easier. Game still handles fantastically and I continue to look forward to the new updates every week.It literally plays and handles exactly like MMX it's so good. Powers feela bit lackluster but they're always adding new content, and the game is just a blast to play. It feels good and satisfying in all the right ways."
,Recommended,322110,17840811,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[Knights of Goku] buttlovings4u,"Basically Mega Man X with online co-op. Needs work, but dev is insanely active (in a good way). Worth the price as it is now."
,Recommended,322110,31499653,Posted: 1 May,all,TheFait,"The amount of hours I've put into this game speak for how much I enjoy it. A great roguelike with an active developer constantly working towards full release.If you enjoy Megaman style action platformers and a more friendly roguelike, you'll love 20XX"
76561198077641140,Recommended,322110,29369662,Posted: 19 January,all,G3,"Fantastic game, follows the spirit of Megaman X and heavily improves upon the formula. This is the game I've wanted instead of X6, X7, X8 or Mighty No. 9. The developer obviously cares about this game, with constant updates. If you like the Megaman series and/or some of the best developer to consumer practices this is an easy buy. One recommendation: This game is far better with a controller."
,Recommended,322110,24821333,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,xEagleOne,What Mighty No. 9 should have been...
76561198012217991,Recommended,322110,14890781,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ABOBO / fulldepwell,you like mega man X ?you like rogue lite ?then buy this game it's that simple
76561198025200657,Recommended,322110,29913191,Posted: 13 February,all,Dzaka,this is the game mighty no 9 was promised to be and failed to deliver. i'm so glad i supported it from early on and i'm telling everyone to get it now.seriously fantastic job.
,Recommended,322110,19664990,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,crippknottick,"Update: June 9th, 2016.So this current version has more unique bosses, more varied level design, more types and sub-types of enemies, more power-ups, and the bosses even get cool Megaman-ish introductions right before battle.After defeating bosses however, the rewards area is just too much. Really, there should only just be one reward/choice reward before going to the next stage. It felt a little overboard.December 12th, 2015.Seems pretty solid at the moment, but still not quite right. The overall animations and general movement feels a bit off from a Megaman-like game. Megatroid on Android captures the feel of a Megaman-like game better than this and it's horribly mobile.But why would I still recommend this? Well because of two reasons. 1. Thing may be ironed out and more polished by release. 2. The game is still solid enough and definately has the vibe of Megaman X games with Zero too."
76561198071421958,Recommended,322110,25938490,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,eternal jape,"The fact that somebody remembers Megaman X, and megaman in general makes me wanna cry tears of joy.The soundtrack is more of a Megaman era soundtrack, and lesser of that to Megaman X.This game is a play on megaman x's gameplay, with roguelite elements.10/10This is what mighty number nine wanted to be, except this is based upon Megaman X, and not Megaman.thats even betterbecausemegaman x's gamesare betterin everywaythantheoriginals"
,Recommended,322110,34365597,Posted: 19 August,all,Tejinashi,"I don't know to express how awesome this game is! Amazing gameplay, visuals, music, characters, controls... pretty much everything. A certain major game company starting C and ending with COM desperately needs to hire these guys to make the next Mega Man X game... and remaster all the old ones... and do  the same for the Mega Man series... these guys are fantastic at what they do!"
,Recommended,322110,34346133,Posted: 19 August,all,Bitch Lasagna,"Megaman X  and the Binding of Isaac conceived a wonderful child,And it was named 20XX.The Township rejoiced and the infant was held high and paraded around town"
,Recommended,322110,25009074,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","Whew, This game is a burst of nostalgia... It's like Megaman X with some distinct differences... the first being it's a roguelike experience with randomly generated areas, and there's augments and power ups to collect through the stage which persist until you die, at which point you can use soul chips which you've collected thru the run to start the next game with some powerups... the experience isn't as frustrating as the previously mentioned games as spikes don't one hit kill you, and falling down only drains 1 hp, (i'm assuming this is different in the hardest difficulty, only done normal so far), using a controller this is easily the best platforming experience I've had on PC in a long time, can't wait to see what else comes of it, considering it's still only in early access, and has promise of workshop support and content after the big 1.0 release too!"
,Recommended,322110,22606767,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cool Robbit,"I mean, it's Mega Man X (and Mega Man Zero) as a roguelike. What more could you want?Alright alright, I'll give you some useful info too. Things to note:Differences from MMX:Less emphasis on charge shots.A fully charged attack takes like 2-3 seconds and does the damage of two shots. However, like MMX, they do penetrate through large numbers of small enemies. Ironically, it doesn't make that annoying noise. Or any noise at all.You don't switch weapons the traditional way.You have extra buttons assigned to 3 different ones which you simply press to use. Pretty essential actually, since the alternate weapons are actually more useful in general, and energy for them is way more plentiful. Admittedly, it'd be nice if you could just have a button for one and use the shoulder triggers to switch, because something something Xbox 360 controller. Yes, there is still a boss weakness system, and each boss drops its own unique weapon every time, but interestingly you can choose to forgo it in exchange for extra ""nuts"" (in-game roguelike currency) or a random upgrade.There are physic adjustments as upgrades.One really rare one I found gave a jetpack allowing short flight every jump, but most of them involve jump height or movement speed. There is no midair dash by default and I don't know if it exists as an upgrade.There are some ""buster swap"" upgrades.Like, not as an alternate weapon, you literally trade your main shot. Usually more directions fired in for slightly less damage per bullet.Default limit is 3 bullets on the screen at once, like classic Mega Man.There is at least one upgrade that increases this, and massively I might add (8 at once).Killed enemies do not respawn, but their drops do not despawn.For the most part, enemies only drop your traditional MM pickups: health, energy, and the game's currency (think MM9's bolts). Even if they fall into lava or spikes, they stay there. However, they are gone forever if they fall into a bottomless pit. Speaking of which...Spikes, lava, and bottomless pits are not instant death. The game is still hard regardless.In the case of lava and pits, you are teleported back to the last non-moving, permanent platform you stood on. Vanishing platforms do respawn after about 5 seconds or so. Also, this game has those vanishing blocks. You know, like Heatman. Whoooooooooooop. Except they don't make that godawful noise.You know those super secret areas where you could find cool gear? They exist in this game.Sort of. The gear itself is not found there, but comes as part of different ""sets"" with specific qualities and are equipped like RPG armor, as very rare random drops. The analogous secret areas, however, let you meet a very demonic version of the game's wannabe Dr. Light character. These areas give you the chance to pick up an upgrade that gives an enormous boost in power while giving an enormous disdvantage. Also, the upgrade's description is listed in very cryptic, sinister terms, so you usually have to figure out exactly what it does the hard way.Roguelike quirks:There is inter-run progression.However, as someone who usually hates that, it's handled really elegantly here (as opposed to an obviously grindy fashion). You gain a meta-currency called ""soul nuts"" (with the in-run currency being called ""nuts"") after every run, butsoul nuts are lost if you do not spend them before the next run.Also, you can't choose from the whole selection items; the hub world shop only has 3 random items (out of those you haven't unlocked yet), and buying one unlocks it as a random drop in future run while granting it to you for free for the next run only. Thus, if you do poorly on a run, but an expensive item you want shows up, you're sadly not gonna get it, because you're gonna lose your nuts (heh) regardless, and there's a good chance it's not gonna be in the 3-item lineup after next run. If everything is too expensive, or you have a little left over, there's another hub world shop which sells basic upgrades and cheaper, already-unlocked stuff to help make your next run easier as a compensation prize. Kind of a cool way to do that, even if it means that runs aren't fully independent.There are dailies and weeklies, and more importantly the inter-run progression system does not apply to them at all.If you wanna go full purist, do this. As expected, you get one chance at each daily, but it switches at around midnight US time. You can play weeklies unlimited times, but it's one specific run. That is, it's generated at the start of the week and not randomized.There are hardcore modes.In-game, they're called ""skulls"". They let you make your runs harder for no benefit. There are also hardcore dailies and weeklies, but those use specific (and pretty ordinary) combinations of skulls and are not tied to the non-hardcore versions of the same. That is, it's not just ""the normal daily run with hard stuff"", it's a separate daily.Level generation-wise, this game is very similar to Binding of Isaac.Levels are mostly modular. with a number of hand-made level pieces that are randomly, but somewhat intelligently (most of the time) strung together. Levels also fall into one of a handful specific ""themes"". This is not merely for aesthetics, each theme has its own distinct set of level patterns, i.e. there are no ""universal"" patterns from what I can tell. Crucially, this means that you don't get ""samey"" level design between themes, although admittedly you do get it within any specific theme. However, I attribute that more to the game still being a bit premature in development, I would probably bet money that the patterns will become a little more diverse as the game is developed and balanced. As it stands, I'm actually impressed at how much the different themes stand out from each other gameplay-wise for being dynamically generated. Including how the ""sky temple"" theme manages to get the art of making aggressively annoying precision platforming stages down to a T every time. Joking aside, it's actually pretty damn good considering that it's generating platformer levels, but there's definitely some room for improvement.RNG is relatively friendly in this game.Most of the upgrades are completely modular, like BoI. There are ""armor slot"" upgrades, the most prominent of which are Mega Man-style weapons. Each boss always gives the same, specific weapon, and you can even choose to forgo it for money or an upgrade if you don't like their weapon. Numbers are a really minor factor in this game compared to other roguelikes, with the most sigificant ones being defense- or mobility-related. Very few of the items have a downside at all, and those that do areextremelyminor in that regard, to the point where the item is still definitely an upgrade. Biggest exception being the ""Demon Dr. Light"" items, which are intentionally designed to have an enormous downside. Even then, half of these still manage to be way less brutal than equivalent upgrades in Binding of Isaac. They're more akin to Nuclear Throne's cursed weapons in terms of downside, minus the whole issue where you can run out of means to do damage at all... which is a big one, but I digress. Level generation RNG plays a way bigger factor than any other form of it, with the second contender being HP and energy drops, namely whether you get it or not after the rare event where you get dicked over by the level generator.Closing notesMost issues I have involve bugs or the occasional level generation issue. Namely, disproportionately difficult patterns (or almost-impossible patterns, even) showing up out of nowhere in an early-game level. Stuff that i imagine will be ironed out as Early Access progresses. Time will tell! Cool ♥♥♥♥ing game. 8/10."
76561197993812355,Not Recommended,322110,28969321,Posted: 3 January,all,Counselor_X,"This game was alright the first couple days but then you start realizing that every level feels pretty much the same. I'd recommend it for maybe $5.00 but for $15.00, I'm going to have to give it a thumbs down. This could be revised if future updates add some diversity in the levels."
76561197976212715,Recommended,322110,24837320,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Larkan,"I've been playing MM and MMX games since for 20 years, and this is truly an evolution of those games.  Extremely tight and responsive controls, skill based platforming and boss fights, and some roguelike thrown in for good measure.  Within 5 seconds I immediately felt at home with the controls and fighting, and was having an absolute blast.  Please, for the love of god, if you remotely enjoyed any of the MMX games, pick this up and get ready for some of the best platforming I've seen in years."
,Recommended,322110,25760469,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Moonswole,"Steam needs a ""Maybe"" recommendation. This is being written from the perspective of a longtime Megaman player, take that for what you will.While I enjoy the game very much and find it plenty fun as of the time of writing this, at the same time it feels somewhat unpolished in some areas, especially the visual style, which is...strange. It's kind of like Flash animation or Spine in that it mostly uses bones rather than frame-by-frame or pixel art. It's not bad by any means, but to my tastes it feels somewhat cheap-looking and placeholder-y, especially in some of the character designs. While the human characters look fine enough, the bosses and main playable characters look almost TOO cartoonish.It becomes an issue however when the screen is either too busy with bloom and projectiles that blend into the environment, or when what you think you see does not actually have the desired result. I also feel like my hitboxes aren't as reliable with this style of art.For example, I was playing with the ""Not-Zero"" character Ace, who had a spear attack that gave him incredibly long ranged attacks. However, this attack would phase through walls, yet more often than not wouldn't actually hit things on the other side. I say more often than not, because sometimes it actually did hit, but it didn't feel like there was any consistency.The balance is also somewhat mixed as well, but mostly leaning on the ""too easy"" side. Perhaps I'm spoiled by marathoning Megaman Zero recently and feel like anything else is ""too easy"". But some of the powerups you can get really upset the balance. Huge chunks of levels can be skipped by getting a lot of jump height and speed upgrades, or the hover ability.Bosses in the end only require you to spam your attacks at them, as they don't have much in the way of mercy invincibility. Some bosses are well designed, while others are somewhat annoying; it's really just a mixed bag and it can vary depending on your experience with games of this style. There are other minor issues as well, such as charging being a bit too fast, and Ace not really having any cooldown between his slash combos.Another gripe is the lack of a story outside of the intro cutscene, which really isn't much to work with. It's just an excuse to set up the game and give you a vague understanding of why you're a super fighting robot fighting other super fighting robots...or something. I really don't know.As with any Early Access game however, you're taking a major risk if the game doesn't have a demo. I enjoyed what I got but find it too early and unpolished in certain areas to pay full price for, even if the price right now isn't final. I would much rather purchase the game on sale or in a more finished state at the price it's at right now. But, at the same time, it's not a bad game by any means; far from it. It's fun, it's a proper Megaman X game, and it does just enough with it's roguelike elements to be considered unique from that. So if that's what you want, go right for it."
,Recommended,322110,18048741,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Yakubi,"This is a loving tribute to Mega Man, and a well-crafted Rogue-Like.Even as early access, you can tell that this game has a solid core.  Randomly generated levels, fun enemy diversity and tight controls make for an excellent platformer.  The characters are analogues for Mega Man X and Zero, and both are fun to play as.  The randomly unlocked abilities and ever increasing difficulty make for a compelling game you can keep returning to.I definitely recommend it to anyone who has enjoyed Mega Man games or games like Rogue Legacy."
,Recommended,322110,23408077,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Kistulot,"This game is really the best of the modern platformer ""roguelites"" I've yet to play! The only things I'd want would be an ability to turn off some upgrades, for the Axe to be reballanced again... other little things like that. If you like the Mega Man X series, this is amazing.I will likely update this once I get a chance to try out the local coop with my fiancee :)EDIT: I have had the time to do so! It is incredibly fun, and with the online co-op made so good, in the same room there's actually a reason to debate one computer usage, or two, and either way is good. This is heavily recommended if you want a multiplayer megaman like!"
,Recommended,322110,34384065,Posted: 20 August,all,TrucktubGAMES,"First off, I am, probably like most of you, a humungous Mega Man, Mega Man X, Mega Man Legends etc. fan. Anything Mega Man, I love. I saw this game and immediately wanted to buy it.The clips I saw made it look incredible, but I was worried that it wouldn't play or feel as good as it looked.Well, worry not. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. It is SMOOTH, the controls are tight, you rarely feel like you're not in control of your character (except with insanely high run speed - but I'm bad lol) and one of the best things is, every run is different. Sure, there are the same bosses, same levels (More hazards do appear the later you do the levels, regardless of order so they are always increasing in difficulty) but I've had runs where I can steam roll bosses AND levels due to an armor set bonus, jump height and damage, then I've had runs where I can barely make it through the last level !I'm waiting for this to stop being fun, but it keeps getting better.This game is not only an amazing homage to Mega Man X games, but it's an amazing game in general. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes Mega Man - but even if you just like platformers or ""roguelikes"" give it a shot.twitch.tv/TrucktubGAMES"
,Recommended,322110,34282447,Posted: 16 August,all,Bagel,"[Disclaimer: I am not an objective person.]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cIxepX-IscConceived back in 2013 and successfully kickstarted in 2014 under the name ""Echoes of Eridu"", 20XX is an incredible action platforming roguelite. Based upon the gameplay of the classic series ""Megaman X"" for the Super Nintendo, 20XX procedurally generates levels based on level and biome. Each stage getting more difficult as you collect items that power-up your character.You play as either Nina, a buster toting bombshell, or Ace, a blade-wielding melee fighter. Each character brings a different playstyle and quirks to the gameplay. The developer has expressed idea of more characters, but for now these two characters fill the roles of Megaman and Zero very well. The characters won't be lonely as you can also play couch multiplayer or online.Now for my review of the game. I'll be honest, I'm extremely biased. I've played this game for over 2 years both multiplayer and singleplayer. I love the game and everything about it, but here goes:Gameplay:20XX gameplays is just what you expect from a Megaman X game. Precise platforming with shooting and slashing. With the two characters you play as, both are extremely fun and rewarding to play as. They bring different playstyles as mentioned previously. Nina is safe with her ranged attacks but sacrifices damage, while Ace plays dangerously sacrificing safety for devastating melee attacks.There are very few times you will feel that the game is unfair. The only times will occur when an enemy hits you off-screen. But, for the most part if you get hurt or fail, it's definitely your fault. The game has optional paths and challenges that rewards skillful play, and you feel extremely satisfied when you succesful navigate or blast your way through them.Every run will be different from the last and you choose what you do depending on what the game gives you. Adaptability is a must with roguelike/roguelite games such as this one. However, 20XX is much more forgiving than games of the genre, such as ""The Binding of Isaac"" or ""Enter the Gungeon"". Although those play much differently.Story and Content:Near non-existent. While the lore is extensive, the story isn't really there. It's as much of a story as the original Megaman X. However, from the cutscenes and encounters you face. You'll be able to piece together some semblance of a story. The story is just the right amount for a roguelike/roguelite game. Perhaps in the future there willl be more to read up on.There's is however, a ton to look into. The lore for every enemy is written pretty well and gives good insight into them. Especially the bosses. There are currently 10 stages with varying difficulties, depending on how they fall into the run. The last two stages are always the same in terms of bosses, but the layout is still procedurally generated like the others. There are plans for more content in the future, however, what we have now is already a good amount for the price point.Graphics:While subjective, I really like the graphics style of 20XX. Very aesthetically pleasing, with a lot of small details you can notice (It's impressive if you do, considering how hectic the game can get). There are options to adjust the quality of the graphics in game, but it runs very well on almost all systems.There are issues with stutter during instances with large amount of onscreen effects, such as explosions. But those instances are usually not going to cause you to make a mistake, as they are mostly cinematic. These small issues happen a bit more often than they should, but are actively being worked on. So be warned if you're on a lower end PC.Soundtrack:I love the soundtrack. It's amazing and fully captures what an action platformer like 20XX is. Cityfires, the composer of the soundtrack, has done a wonderful job. Each stage features a different soundtrack and does a great job of mixing the action and the atmosphere together to make you feel even more badass than you already are.Community:The community of a game can make or break it. Here, the community is great in my limited experience with them. I regularly read the steam discussion boards in order to get information on the game and most people are extremely helpful. They even have a discord for multiplayer and game discussion.The developer is also very active within the community and responds to critique and suggestions very well. It's great to see a developer actually take part in discussions and actively participate with everyone.Replayability:It's a Megaman-esque procedurally generated action platformer. Yes, it's replayable. I've played it for the last 2 years. Wile not as expansive as something like ""The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth+"". It's a lot less punishing and provides the same level of satisfaction. Every run is different and you need to learn and adapt to each situation differently. Every action you perform well makes you feel awesome, but that's probably because I have something of a hero complex.Add on couch and online co-op. While the netcode is a bit iffy, it's still great to play online with another person and makes for a different experience from single-player. I originally played with my brother, who I grew up playing the X-series with when we were younger. The multiplayer really adds on another layer of gameplay for you and your friends to enjoy.Final Thoughts20XX is a great game with tons of replayability and content. While there issues, such as framerate at certain areas and instance as well as lack of story, 20XX shows a lot of promise for the future, but the current content is great for the price point as is. If you're looking to fill the Megaman-sized hole you tried to fill with ""Mighty No. 9"" or ""Azure Striker Gunvolt"", give 20XX a try, you'll have a great time, probably."
,Recommended,322110,25466407,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Cybernetic,Maverick Hunter 20XX░░░░░░░░░░▄▄█▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█████▄▄█▄░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▀██████▄▄██░░░░░░▄██░░█░█▀░░▄▄▀█░█░░░▄▄▄▄▄█████░░██░░░▀▀░▀░█▀▀██▀▀▀█▀▄█████░█░░▀█░▀▀▀▀▄▀░░░███████▀░▀▀█▄░██▄▄░▀▀▀▀█▀▀▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▄████████▀▀▀▄▀░░░░██████░▀▀█▄░░░█▄░░░░░▀▀▀▀█▄▄▀░██████▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░░░
,Recommended,322110,34309745,Posted: 17 August,all,VillyShmilly,"TL;DR: Basically what Mighty No. 9 should've been, get it now.Pros:+ great gameplay, basically Mega Man X with permadeath and a ♥♥♥♥ton more replayability - tons of items (~100 augments, 4 armor sets [that each have a set bonus if you get all 4 pieces of the same armor] which you can mix up, 2 distinct playable characters with 4 weapons each), semi-random levels made out of pre-made level pieces, a bunch of game modes (dailies, weeklies, boss rush, being able to change a run's seed) - there's plenty more, but that's just off the top of my head+ absolutely bangin' soundtrack+ online co-op (which can get a bit wonky, but still)+ al is the best robot in history of fiction+ trading cards, emotes, backgrounds and achievements if you're into that business(+ the devs are dope - they were keeping up biweekly updates pretty consistently during early access and are often participating in the community)+ lore, cutscenes, anythang you'd likeNeutral:+/- the art style (it's not yet another pixel art indie game though, so that's a plus)+/- for someone who sucks at platforming (such as yours truly), level 9 is absolutely brutal+/- the plasma benderCons:(I'm really grasping at straws for most of these)- a few bugs here and there- the permanent upgrades section of the ship should have more options than just a simple toggle, methinks- the Heartless achievement - I mean, how could you(- the tutorial doesn't account for non-default keybinds - as I said, I'm really grasping at straws here)- rollster above L6- no mac/linux port (yet, that is - it's gonna happen eventually)so yeah buy it now unless you dislike good video games"
,Recommended,322110,23046039,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Brakzias,"Like dashing around killing stuff?Are you not afraid of heights or spikes?Like Mega Man and Mega Man X?Have any friends?Want to subject them to the pain of coop platforming shenanigans?Then this is the game for you!-Levels are fun and random so everytime you play the layout is always different.-Plays wonderfully on a controller with really tight controls and great atmosphere.-Soundtrack is extremely catchy and really brings back the old MMX school vibe.-You can find your corpse and loot it for a powerup-Skulls you can activate that will completely change the way the game plays.Definitely worth a buy if you love coop games, action platformers and challenging levels. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,322110,25127041,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Above,"This is the game I've wanted for years before even knowing it was actually a thing someone made. As a huge fan of both the Mega Man series, especially X, and roguelikes, I always wondered what would happen if the two gameplay styles mixed.My only worry was the controls, they'd have to be perfect for this to work.They are.You get both a character representing X and one that's a stand in for Zero. There's daily challenges, weekly challenges, a bunch of unlockable powerups, well thought out item synergies. And although you do select a boss order (even though a bit more limited than how MMX would let you), the stages and bosses scale in difficulty depending on how late into your run you choose them.Great fun, absolutely adore the game."
,Recommended,322110,34278785,Posted: 16 August,all,SlyCooperFan1,"The weirdest thing about my review is that I suck at this game. I am absolutely terrible at Mega Man and games similar to it. But you don't need to be good at something to have fun with it, and that's been most of my experience with 20XX. Fans of Mega Man X will notice more similarities with that series than with the classic Mega Man, but you don't need to have Mega Man experience at all to enjoy what 20XX offers: a well-crafted, difficult, roguelike platformer experience.You get two characters to choose between: Nina, who fires long-range blaster shots, and Ace, who has a close-range sword for melee combat. There are 10 levels to complete, but good luck making it that far, you'll find yourself having some hard times by level 3 or 4. Being a roguelike, this game allows you to improve every time you die through purchasing permanent upgrades or augments that you can acquire mid-run. Levels are generated randomly every time you enter them, and boss patterns will change depending on when you face them (Level 1 Kur is much easier than Level 5 Kur, for example).The absolute best thing about 20XX is its presentation. My God, Battery Staple Games, do you have the entire cast of the original Mega Man games working for you? This looks exactly like what would happen if you took the platformers of old and gave them modern paint. The levels, the characters, the bosses,the music dear lord the music, it's all an amazing treat.The gameplay is entirely dependant on personal experience. Levels are randomly generated, after all, so one run through the Vaculab will be different from the next run through the Vaculab. For the most part, enemies and hazards are placed in spots that are easy to overcome, or will require a bit of quick thinking, but there will certainly be a couple of cheap shots against you. Historically speaking, the Agnisort level has been the poster child of difficulty, and for me it's still certainly an annoyance with some cheap fire hazards. That being said, I did open this review saying that I'm not good at this game, so your mileage will certainly vary. Keep in mind that the later levels in this game are not for the faint of heart; I've made it as far as level 6 or 7 before, and those were brutal. Levels 8, 9, and 10 apparently go even further, so be prepared for a challenge.My last note is on performance. The game runs very smoothly, but for those of you on lower machines, you may want to turn down a few settings. Some levels and effects, particularly Agnisort, may slow your gameplay down.The developer recommends turning off v-sync and lowering the resolution to help with these issues,and they've gotten way better since the game was in Early Access,andmore improvements are hopefully coming down this line in the future.All in all, if this kind of game is your jam, you've seriously got to give it a try. It's certainly better than Mighty No. 9, and for cheaper too. I absolutely recommend this to everyone who's interested in games like this. :)"
,Recommended,322110,18007190,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,coyotestardust,"This game is a love letter to Megaman X, combined with the additional mechanics of a roguelike a la Binding of IsaacIf you enjoy platformers and roguelikes, this is a must-buy."
76561198045543851,Recommended,322110,26270027,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,levins89,"If you like Megaman X, give this a try. Simple as that."
76561197990395265,Recommended,322110,25014002,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Chimera,"This game is a tribute to megaman and roguelites! This is what MN9 should have been!If you are a fan of the bluebomber, get it! GET IT NOW! Seriously just... get... IT! NOW!"
76561198077323062,Recommended,322110,33445588,Posted: 10 July,all,Photon,"----- SUMMARY -----Grade : F D C B<< A >>SMain Pro: That stellar, MegaMan-esque feeling of empowermentMain Con: Lacking diversity of content----- OPENING REMARKS -----Please be aware that this review is focused on the singleplayer aspect of 20XX (as opposed to the co-op aspect.)----- FULL REVIEW -----Its gotten to the point where someone says XYZ-inspired and I figuartively roll my eyes. Its not that said games can't be good or even great, but invoking titles like ""Super Metroid"" or ""Super Mario 64"" makes it hard to separate very lofty expectations from the new game in question. Its easy to have a resemblance to something, but much more difficult to properly encapsulate everything that made a classic special.And so I open with that to say: well played, 20XX. You showed me.No, this is not MegaMan X. This game has a lot of the same core as MegaMan X, but the roguelike aspect of this game really twists it into something all its own. So does the term ""MegaMan-inspired"" still hold weight then? It does, but it does in one very specific way. If anything, 20XX takes one thing from MegaMan X and smashes it out of the Strike Man stage: that progression of power throughout a run.I'm going to assume for the sake of this review that you don't need MegaMan explained in detail: its run-n-gun platforming where you fight bosses, steal their tech and slowly become a walking robotic armory. 20XX takes that latter idea and runs with it hard. While the ""secret"" areas housing powerups are far more telegraphed in this game due to its roguelike nature, the selection of available uprages is incredibly extensive. One run you might have ridiculous charge shots that go through shields and the next you might have several speed upgrades coupled with an air-dashing ability. Discovering synergies and bulldozing the opposition with them can be oh so satisfying.Indeed, the equipment diversity is fantastic. You have alternate default weapons, repros (read: pet drones,) and prototype augments that do... interesting things. Play safe, play tactically, play wild. You decide. Some boss weapons slide into well-known stereotypes, but I would say all of them feel useful and nuanced. You also aren't restricted to one weapon at a time and can bind boss weapons to secondary controls, which is HUGE (you can finally use your shield power and buster at the same time!) Remember armor upgrades from MegaMan X? We've got those too: four entire sets, as of me writing this review. Seriously, the accumulation of power throughout a run can culminate in some pretty amazing moments.Combat is king in this game, even if other echos of MegaMan feel a little lacking at times. For one, there are only four level themes right now (two bosses per each theme.) Despite this, the four zones are very distinct from one another. The bosses, though they employ some very unique gameplay mechanics, don't feel as iconic or memorable as those from the MegaMan series (Vile Visage is a notable exception, though!) The music falls into a similar category for me: its great music to play the game to but it doesn't strike me in the same way some of those old nostalgic tunes do.Some people may also be put off with the roguelike aspects... a major concern that kept me from purchasing the game for awhile. Permadeath is present; only one life (and no continues) per run unless you're playing on the ""casual"" difficulty. The ""one life"" aspect also means that insta-death has largely been done away with. Some people may breathe a sigh of relief that spikes no longer kill on contact, while others may be ready to raise their video game pitchforks. The game does feature some ""hardcore"" difficulty modifiers though, like the ability to restore spikes to their former glory...As for me? I'm down with the concessions and changes made here. Because what 20XX gets right, it REALLY gets right. 20XX feels like an instance where it zeroed in on a specific aspect of an old classic, and made it soar. The tactical combat is absolutely fantastic, and everything else does a great job of holding that key point up. I not only respect 20XX for its tight focus, but sincerely enjoy it."
76561198055362132,Recommended,322110,16190827,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,HEY! THIS IS LIBRARY!,"I bought this one based on the recommendation of the guys making Megaman X Corrupted. I did not notice that it was early access alpha though. I didn't notice until I'd already played for over an hour and loved every minute. The early access version is awesome as hell, and feels like a full game. It's easily worth the $10 already, and that fact that it's going to actually get better over time makes me a happy happy boy.The controls are spot on, and feel comfortable to any MMX player. The graphics are serviceable without being so flashy as to distract from the gameplay. The music is good, and the sounds are good too. The bright shining star of the game is the gameplay. The mix of Megaman style platforming with roguelite upgrades and procedural levels make this a blast to play, and the Spelunky style daily challenges and leaderboards mean even veterans will always have stuff to do.Edit: It's been half a year since I posted this review. I still play 20XX at least every other day. There have been several really awesome changes, including replayable weekly challenges, co-op, and ever improving art.I was already happy with this. Now it's probably my favorite game of the year.Edit #2: It's been over a year now, and the game keeps getting better. The biggest recent change was the addition of the core aug system. Equivalent to armor parts from the MMX games. There are four sets with different focuses/boosts, and you can choose to mix and match parts from different sets to get your perfect combo, or try to complete a full matching set for a very powerful set bonus. OFC, since this game is a roguelite, you won't always be able to finish a set.One boosts your charged attacks significantly, witrh the set bonus making EVERY attack charged.One boosts your boss powers significantly, with the set bonus providing additional power specific effects, which range from mildly handy to ridiculously amazing. (Force Nova is glorious with it)One boosts your defense, with a full set making you immune to spikes, lasers, and other stuff that would be an instant death when playing with the ""rock"" difficulty mod enabled, as well as all the boosts the individual pieces give, of course. It's VERY handy for daily challenges with that mod.The last, so far, is focused on boosting your movement/stage clear speed, with the set bonus providing infinite air dashes. Find a decent high spot to launch from and you can fly across an entire level, assuming it's a horizontal level, and you have good timing.A year ago when I first reviewed this it was already tons of fun. Now, it's a game I will happily suggest to anyone that even kind of sort of likes Megaman games, roguelites, or just platformers in general.The only flaw left in the game is the procedural level design, and that's just as much of a strength as a flaw."
76561198060445418,Recommended,322110,24871326,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,jchaosmaster,"Got while on sale for $8.99 and loving every single second if it. You will read all about the game in the reveiws and if you seen mine you should have bought it already.The game is fun and fast, Batterystaple Games took everything we love and hated about Old Gen side scroller shooter and apped them up by 10. With semi regenrated levels you get the feeling of comfert of knowing ""What!"" to do but never the dullness from knowing where ever single pit fall or trap is learking. Each time you die you lose all powerup/speicals/item, but in a way that does increase the game play time because it brings back the 'Pre-save"" style so with each victory you get make it feel all the more rewarding.The game runs smooth as silk on a mid power computer and look's great. Batterystaple Games honestly did seem to think of everything you can throw into the game.MEGA PRO:No Water World!!!"
,Recommended,322110,25842250,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Lightfire2016,great mega man game and a good use of the might no. 9 refund.UPDATE: IT FULLY RELEASED! WOOHOO! still an awesome mega man game. hm? mighty what now? eh whatever.
,Recommended,322110,21235710,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Azrael,"If you grew up on Mega Man, this game is a necessary purchase. It's basically Mega Man X with procedurally generated levels, plus multiplayer (both online and local). If that sounds awesome to you then you should stop reading reviews and just buy the game instead.In addition to the normal gameplay, there's also daily challenges, weekly challenges, and hardcore versions of each (which add random difficulty modifiers to the game to create even more challenging gameplay). There's also multiplayer versions of all these modes, as well as leaderboards, allowing you to compete against your Steam friends or the general community.Definitely an easy game to recommend."
,Not Recommended,322110,28367640,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Luchini,"The elegant level design of Mega Man X has been replaced by a dynamically-generated gauntlet of tooth-grinding frustration.There are way too many moving platforms! This kind of hazard doesn't gel with the fast-paced, dash-jumping, wall-climbing gameplay. There are elements on greatness in this game, but the stage design is so unpleasant that it eclipses everything else.I regret having purchased this game."
,Recommended,322110,29921120,Posted: 14 February,all,GHNeko,"0/10, no multishines and no TORYAAHH.where's the melee?(get the game if you like megaman x btw. but you can see i have 100 hours so no surprise i recommend it)"
,Recommended,322110,17634594,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,TesseracT,"As an old school fan of the Mega Man series, I was excited to see a modern successor that was based around the original.The game doesn't disappoint, it's an unofficial successor to the early Mega Man X series, very much so in the game play aspects, perhaps a bit less so aesthetically.I personally haven't had a chance to try any of the multiplayer game types, however the single player campaign is great."
,Recommended,322110,33085201,Posted: 1 July,all,The Late Gatsby,"20XXis clearly inspired by theMega Manfranchise.  I'm not great at those games, having only beaten a handful on the Gameboy when I was a lad.  I never tried theMega Man Xgames (apparently, that's where all the wall climbing comes from), but now I wish I could play those as well.  I like the franchise, and I like stuff related to the franchise (such as The Protomen), so I figured I'd give it a shot.Because it's a roguelike, there's minimal story (You're a maverick hunter, I guess) and the game makes lots of jokes about you dying, same asRogue Legacywhere ""the last words"" of your character are often jokes like ""You should have picked the other heir!"".  If I'm honest, the game seems to revel in the pointlessness of your death -the two ""Doctors"" discuss your expendability often.Despite the taunting, this isn't one of those BS ""hard"" games where the devs cover for amateurish design by saying you're too dumb to beat it.  I like the game and consider it challenging.  If you're new to roguelikes like me, you're gonna get frustrated. If you play roguelikes often, maybe you're gonna get bored, I don't know.I bought this in Early Access and have had few problems with the game, despite playing it on a low-end laptop.  It's good, the controls are tightIf you're feeling burned by that failed game I won't mention by name, play20XX.  If you likeMega Man X, play20XX.  I've posted this during the Steam Summer Sale of 2017, and it's offered at a discount."
,Recommended,322110,13085471,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Rekyua,"January 4th, 2016Over a year later and the game is really starting to come into it's own. There's a lengthy initial startup time when you launch but gone is the lag at menus and start starts. Characters feel more fluid and it just feels good to control either blaster user Nina or sword user Ace. They've also added a choice at the end of the level, so you're less likely to get the same level sets in a row now. Boss health was reduced though as their life meters aren't as crazy as they use to be. Haven't had the chance to play co-op yet but the single player experience has very much improved and I still recommend the game to fans of the genre.November 25th, 2014Game is pretty bare bones at the moment, the levels are randomized but in the 45 minute co-op session I played we did see a level repeat. Bosses are tricky and can be a bit frustrating but the controls work well and a controller definately feels at home with the game. The gameplay feels very much like what you'd find in a Mega Man X game and it's fun to have it in a native PC game. The music is catchy and the levels are bright but have odd gaps in them and invisible walls. Some of the enemies blend in too well with the environment or match the background palette and feel bland.For co-op, when players get spread out the camera zooms out to accomadate both players yet, this means you can rush off ahead if you want but it'll become difficult to navigate as some environmental hazards can be hard to discern and some of the enemies that palette match the background become near invisible. Still, Apart from having the screen turn split-screen or not allowing you to outpace your partnet it works well.Also, for co-op, if your partnet dies you can stand at their ""ghost"" and shoot to give them half your life.The game shows a lot of promise right now, I just hope they keep developing and continue to add features. Don't get it expecting a near complete game because it's not at that point, this might not be fair but right now it feels a stage or two above a prove of concept demo and doesn't seem to be entirely optimized as the game hangs (for me) when loading and becomes unresponsive for 1-2 minutes before opening, and even then it doesn't focus the window."
,Recommended,322110,23678022,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Hoku,"Amazing game.  Like everyone else is saying, if you like megaman, you'll love this game.Pros:Megaman!Roguelike (randomly generated) dungeons, ENDLESS MEGAMAN!Countless playthroughsSolid controls, feels as good or better than original titlesAs many, and sure to be more bosses when compared to a megaman game.Cons:Almost too cheesy cartoon graphics.Either I need to get gud or round 7-8 generates unpassable areas only circumvented by specific gearsets, no precusor to what gearset you may need to get past the randomly generated hurdles.  Like I said, might need to git gud.Overall, amazing game.  If the developers dig their heels in and put their hearts into this game they have the start of something great."
,Recommended,322110,24885764,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Malus,"Three hours in, some bad RNG, I beat 20XX.Can't recommend this game enough to hardcore Mega Man fans like myself.-The ""random"" stage design depending on how far in the game you get, is a really sweet thing for the difficulty.-Picking one out of three bosses to fight.-Many varied Sub-wapons.-Kickass soundtrack.-Cool sunday-morning cartoon artstyle.-MULTIPLAYER IN A MEGAMAN GAME!-Interesting and challenging bosses-Fun economy system-Awesome Rougelike and many power-ups to boost stats like Jumping height, Attack speed, Running speed, drop-rates etc.GO GET THIS GAME!!"
,Recommended,322110,17498191,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,CR4SHnSL4SH,"My favorite game series ever is Mega Man X. Having said that, I'm a bit biased.This is one of the best games I've ever played. I can lose myself completely in the flow of this game. Wow is it fun. I took a break around February and have recently came back after I saw all of the Sky Temple changes and it is so good. Holy moly. The developer is very transparent too, lets you know the exact date of next updates (as of this writing it's every other Friday). They are active within the community and it's awesome.I've gotta say that if you don't like difficult games, do not buy this game. Holy hell is it punishing. The very first game I ever played was Mega Man 2 20 years ago, and even with 20 years of platforming experience under my belt this is one of the hardest games I've ever played. Still haven't beaten it.The visuals and sound track are fantasic, and I can only imagine that it will get better. The controls are so so incredibly responsive. Man, this is a good ♥♥♥♥ing game.I would like to say that I would like an arrow in coop so your buddy can find you."
,Recommended,322110,28623358,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,brandan,"20XX is an excellent homage to the Mega Man X series. The controls are tight, the sounds are rewarding, the items make sense, and the level generation seems to be working decently. There are many particular configurations of levels that repeat, so there is much familiarity in each level, but the layouts are different enough to keep things from getting too stale. However, the levels each retain fairly distinct personalities, so you begin to get a sense of how each level will play as you get more experience in the game. As the difficulty increases, the platforming becomes much tighter, and hazards become more challenging, but the competent and responsive controls keep things from being unnecessarily frustrating. The movement is insanely rewarding and  enjoyable, especially with movement boosting items and augmentations.The bosses are well done, and all fairly different. There is some cheesy damage that doesn't seem fair, especially as the difficulty increases, but it leads to a sort of good kind of frustration, like the pain and pleasure from wiggling a loose tooth.This is one of my favorite games right now, and I would gladly pay for DLC with new levels and new bosses. However, it could be very easy for new levels to feel bland in a game like this, and just as easy for new levels to feel like remixes with no new personality if they're just new tilesets with the same old hazards. 20XX has a very large resource of inspiration to draw from for level themes. A couple I can think of now are water themes (ala Bubble Man), or desert themes with shifting sands (like Super Mario Bros. 2) that players can sink into.One appeal of Mega Man was having levels that had various mixes of standard hazards, and very particular types of enemies in particular spots on the map. If 20XX lacks anything compared to Mega Man X, it's pacing. The game feels like a frenetic & frantic time trial with pseudorandom enemy generation, and so loses some of the stop-and-go pacing from Mega Man games, such as minibosses, special enemies, and even vehicles & manned armors.This is an excellent game in its current form, and if it seems like I want more, it's only because there is so much that this engine could provide. People grow up with particular game serieses, and for me, Mega Man/Mega Man X was pretty high up there. I don't really care for the leaderboard features, and I don't care for the lore, either. What I would prefer is to have many different types of hazards, puzzles, level themes with distinct play styles, and a good variety of bosses.If the developers can find some way to make the creation of bosses, levels, hazards, etc. available publicly, I think this engine could serve as the standard for the Mega Man/Mega Man X genre."
,Recommended,322110,14815498,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Titiontot,"Mega Man X but with constant, randomly-generated levels with Diablo-esque loot and upgrades. Lots and lots of fun, even better when you have a buddy to play with. Literally better than Mighty No. 9 right now. Actually challenging and doesn't give you a stupid mechanic where you can bypass any sort of difficulty by dashing through everything.It's just fun. Totally worth the asking price, even in Early Access.If I had one complaint, it'd be that Ace (the Zero-esque sword character) only has a single slash which he can just keep doing, as I would have preferred to see a tripleslash like Zero has in his games (but this is more a nitpick)Go get it.EDIT: The guys behind the game just updated it and gave Ace a tripleslash. My complaints are gone.FOR REAL GUYS, NOW THESE ARE DEVS WHO ACTUALLY LISTEN TO THEIR FANSGrab the game just for that, the devs always take feedback and everything and it's SOOPER FUN"
76561198095320362,Recommended,322110,32211185,Posted: 5 June,all,bellumeternus,"Fun, challenging, and lighting quick to get into. It carries the spirit of the old MMX games beautifully."
,Recommended,322110,23965884,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Zaric Zhakaron,Megaman Inspired Rogue-Lite. Perhaps the best exame of a Megaman-Like game you could ever play to date. Since it's in early access we can forgive the lack of a story mode. The Local & internet Co-Op are quite fun as are the challange modes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhpDWFIXbLc
,Recommended,322110,32937316,Posted: 28 June,all,MagusDraco,Fun megaman x rogue like.
,Recommended,322110,24071623,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Juan Pablo Castillio,"I like this, This is good.Keep it up! A true homage to mega man."
76561198088151969,Recommended,322110,33908458,Posted: 30 July,all,chris,"Do you like Megaman X?Then buy this game.""But I said no!""Buy it anyways."
,Recommended,322110,13083771,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Teisel,"5 months since I've last played it...And I still reccomend. Clearly I'm not pro enough for normal mode, thank god for casual. This is shaping up to be one of my favorite platformers.20XX has become so much better over time, it's insane. Will this be the game that breaks out of ""Early Access purgatory""? I think so.The progress, though minor, is very welcome.I'm impressed with the consistent updating (Every 14 days). This is the first game I've played, in recent memory, that has an update schedual. How cool is that?Overall, much better compared to the original release. Recommended."
,Recommended,322110,29960065,Posted: 16 February,all,i am knuckles's cum slut,what mighty no. 9 shoulda been
,Recommended,322110,26969649,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Accel NEO,Great 2D platformer gamePros:-Smooth and great gameplay-Good boss fights-Great power ups and weapons-DashCons:-1 life survival game-Random bossesIf you want good megaman-like game you must try 20XX
,Recommended,322110,33045980,Posted: 30 June,all,fLzi,As someone who is a huge fan of the Megaman X series and rogue like games like The Binding of Isaac I can definetly recommend this game. The Gameplay mechanics and controls are as good as MMX. Every new stage is randomly generated and at the end lies one of 8 bosses which get new mechanics and more health the further you go (if you fight the same boss at the first stage he has less mechanics and has less health than at the 5. stage for example). I haven't yet reached the end game so I can't yet tell if there is a boss rush or Willie/Sigma stages and if they are good but I definetly enjoyed my first few hours into the game and if you like Megaman you will as well.
,Recommended,322110,25967708,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Panzorfork,"If you're looking for a new Mega Man game, or a new roguelike, or a new action platformer -- look no further!20XX is a very strong platformer, a very strong rogue like, and incredibly a very strong Mega Man game! Each time I sit down with the game, it feels like I'm getting further and further into the game. The bosses are varied, but have a repeatable / learned strategy. The art is indicitive of what I liked about Mega Man games, and hits better in some places (very strong enemy, environment, weapon art) and worse in others (some weapon particle effects are a bit rough, but nothing abhorrent). Overall I have had a ton of fun with the game, and would highly recommend it. Also, I'm something of a baby when it comes to Mega Man games in general, and while I fair decently, I still very much appreciate the different difficulty levels, and daily/weekly challenges both."
,Recommended,322110,14993991,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cirom,"Mega Man meets Roguelikes! In a similar vein to games like Rogue Legacy or Risk of Rain, this game has you pick two characters - Nina or Ace, and explore procedurally generated levels in an attempt to defeat the final boss of Level 10. Now with story! Lots of level variety, difficulty Skull modifiers for those who like to live dangerously and online multiplayer to boot! Highly recommended!Woo, full release~!"
,Recommended,322110,33280692,Posted: 5 July,all,Marybelle,"I like to call this oneMighty No. FINENo, seriously, check it out, it's great.Mega Man X, the good one, with random levels that get gradually harder, and one life perma death.I didn't know I wanted this, either, but turns out I really do."
,Recommended,322110,34576111,Posted: 29 August,all,Chris Canfield,"20XX is hands down the best Megaman-esque game I've played in a long time.  The controls are tight and precise, the platforming is exacting, and the enemies are tuned just about right.  Normally I hate roguelikes (randomly generated levels, weapons, and progressions), but in this case it really gives legs to the experience.  There is a lot of meat on these bones, and any fan of sidescrollers should pick this one up.  Unreservedly, it is a favorite game."
76561198033586487,Recommended,322110,29233127,Posted: 13 January,all,Takoita,"It's a game about the good ol' jump n' shoot / slash (wo)man doing their thing with some elements you might've seen in Rogue Legacy or other similar titles. What more do you need?XXX- Procedurial generation might limit what the dev team can do with stages in terms of unique looking locations or secret placement somewhat, but the advantages in replayability may very well outweigh that.- I found the way this game does its difficulty curve interesting, even if it tends to kick my butt 100% of the time so far. It appears to expand enemy movesets and stage layout combinations not only for the duration of the current run but also as you gradually unlock items in the shop.- Music and sound effects didn't particularly left an impression on me, but they are informative and do not irritate.- I found the color palette pleasing to the eye despite all the explosions and energy blasts constantly happening on the screen. Some animations look like they could use a little bit more detail when compared to others, but overall it seemed quite smooth. I've liked the idea behind Ace's plasma cutter thingy and some other little details and have yet to come across anything that I actively disliked or that looks like it doesn't fit. Although some stages could perhaps benefit from some more doodads in thier 'building blocks'.- Despite struggling with the difficulty, I did not find the game frustrating. The way the characters move and control are the major reasons why. Big kudos to the dev team!- Humorous, tongue-in-cheek poking fun of what is happening on the screen starting from the intro and all the way to the run result comments add to the atmosphere in a nice way.- On the technical side of things, I've run into some visual artefacts only once so far. UI scaling doesn't appear to alter the size of text popups of characters talking, item descriptions in the pause menu or skull selection screen. Some walls are prone to stopping the characters' sliding down them unexpectedly repeatedly at the same spots.XXXOverall impressions:Well worth the asking price as of [2017/01/14], if you ask me. Looking forward to further development."
,Recommended,322110,34996691,Posted: 16 September,all,Manta,"Basically this game is designed to be a roguelite megaman X game and as such the most important thing to get right is the feel of the game, the responsiveness of the controls and the basic enjoyment of just shooting stuff.And this game gets it perfect. Not a frame of slowdown, not a frame between pressing a button and my character doing the thing I told them to do and no dodgy hit or collision detection.So with that said, there are a few minor irritations I have, but since it gets the above right, they're in no way deal breakers. The art style is a bit... newgrounds? (Although not without its nice touches in animation, like charging up a shot or when at low health). The cutscenes are really rather low budget and seem to tell a different story to what the gameplay and lore actually says. the music however is excellent and exactly what you'd expect from a game like this.The rest of it is the usual issues that you will either love or hate about the RNG nature of rougelites. So if you like that, you'll like that here, if not, you won't. Simple as."
,Recommended,322110,30909299,Posted: 2 April,all,Dozenbeer,"I had this game on my whishlist for a long time. For years in fact. At a 20% sale I finally bought it and damn...... is this game good. I would even go as far to say, its the best Mega Man game today.Pros:+ its Mega Man through and through+ making it a rougue-like is probably the best idea they could have went for+ rocking soundtrack+ 2 playable characters (similar to X and Zero)+ randomly generated levels!+ control scheme from Mega Man X, dashing, wallclimbing, charging shot, mid air jump control, etc...+ crisp graphics and artwork+  multiplayer coop local and online!+ speedrunner friendly with leaderboards+ excelent feeling controls+ 3 diffculties+ bosses have weaknesses, like typical in Mega Man games+ levels get harder the further you progress+ you are in total control, when dying it never feels like a cheap death, its all about your skill+ tons of enemy types+ awesome bosses+ first boss is random, then you can choose where to go each time you defeated one boss, the bosses then get harder the further you are ingame, meaning picking a bossfight early on is easier, if you choose that same boss further down the road the fight gets tougher with additional traps and moves+ unlock power ups with currency earned ingame, these power ups are all awesome, getting different shot types, more damage, more armour etc+ shops where you can buy health or power ups+ developers do listen to the community+ plans for player made level chunks to be integrated into the level generation+ it is far from being an unfinished game even though in Early Access, the game feels polishedCons:- you know what? I actually was thinking way too long about something negative, that I wont inlcude anything. I seriously dont think this game has anything so bad it would even be worth mentioningThis is THE Mega Man game people were waiting for. A game made for the fans from the fans. Truely a great addition in the franchise, even though this is not a licensed product. And it doesnt have to be, I never played Mega Man for the story, its all about the tight controls and the great gameplay. Its well worth the asking price and I highly recommend this game to rogue-like and Mega Man fans."
,Recommended,322110,26079765,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lochcelious,"So, so, SO good. I was an early backer for Mighty No9 from the beginning. What we got was akin to childish trash. This game though? 20XX? PHENOMENAL. So much love has gone into this game that it clearly shows. The music, artwork and style, gameplay...all heavily inspired yet refreshingly new and original at the same time. Unlock abilities to help you on the way, play with other players, and much more in a very roguelite way. All this and it's EA. Amazing. This is one game I'm proud to support."
76561197978170861,Recommended,322110,19528648,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Twillin,Just one more level.....just one more level....no really just one more level this time....i can stop when i want!!!Anyone who brings me the joy of a megaman x like game already had me at dash jump!I know the game is still in beta but there are some solid mechanics and the movement/dashing/wall jumping feels perfect!....ok maybe just one more game...
76561197966431132,Recommended,322110,21666239,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jr™,"Good Stuff:Even though it's not done yet, 20XX is a really fun game. Drawing closely from Megaman and adding in a roguelike element is a cool idea and works well. These guys are definitely on the right track to making a really good game. The multiplayer is surprisingly refined for being so early into beta and offers an impressively synchronized experience. I think it offers a fair amount of difficulty, though I'm thankful that they have a 'challenge' mode system in there akin to Bastion's pantheon/god idol system. Item system feels pretty standard in terms of roguelike item sets, though a few key differences like the swappable armor system and 'prototypes' (upgrades that offer a great plus side but come with a risky detriment) change things up a bit.You get a player choice between 'Not-Megaman' and 'Not-Zero' (aka Nina and Ace). If you like shooting, you go Nina. If you like Zero's badass sword attacks, you go Ace. He plays a lot like the newer Megaman Zero games, minus the gun. I typically play as Ace because he starts off with a nice damage bonus, but I've been finding that Nina has more survivability and usually ends up being stronger than Ace later on.The music is pretty awesome so far. It reminds me of the newer Megaman games in a way and is very fitting to the environments.The Eh Stuff:I can't criticize the game too heavily as it's not really done yet, but going from my perspective today, I think the devs have some work to do yet. While the randomly generated level system is a pretty cool approach to a Megaman game, I think the current generation has a great deal of improvements yet to make before I'd consider it complete. They recently overhauled one of the stage generators... and I must admit, that's more along the lines of what I was hoping to see here. While the current beta design for most of the levels is lacking, it's obvious that the devs know about this already and are working to improve it as I type.Again, another beta criticism, but the number of level types at current is lacking. You currently go to three different areas for the 8 different bosses... after a while, you've memorized all of the possible level layouts and know how to straight up skip stuff and when to do so. Doesn't really weigh this down that much, though, as they're consistently releasing updates for the game. I'm sure more level types and bosses are going to come into the mix as development continues.That's pretty much all the negatives I can think of... and they're not really even negatives, considering they'll be improved over the course of development.Overall:I'd definitely recommend 20XX to anybody that enjoys platformers or roguelikes. If you loved the original Megaman X games, then you'll not be disappointed by how this game is coming along. Super good, buy it if you have extra money"
,Recommended,322110,30955061,Posted: 4 April,all,Keep,"As a master of the orginal MMX Series, 20xx Tought me something about the franchise that I'd never have know other wise. I am TERRIBLE at MMX (and 20xx because of it). I love the original MMX Series so muc, and played it so hard, so often that I have every level memorized across the orginal 6 games, enemy spawn locations, boss movements. Truely nothing touches me in any of the originals. That however doesnt mean I'm any good at them, Im just good at memorizing patterns, and teligraphs.20xx on it's own merrit, is utterly fantastic. Every playthrough doesnt just remind me of the original MMX games that I loved in my youth, it reminds me that at one point I was ♥♥♥♥ing horrible at them. 20xx Just became the replacement for my SNES Emulator.This game isnt just fan-service though. 20xx introduces procedurally generated levels, that are never impossible to pass. The bullet hell like sinerios are utterly satisfing to passthrough and they arent impossible by any means, there is almost always a way to get through it, (though sometimes you need to get REALLY inventive, and REALLY lucky).Taking a chance on EA Games is something I do, fairly often, as I remember being ""that indie developer"" that no one wanted to support, so I love a chance to helpout new and upcomming IP's. And I was NOT Disapointed when I firied up 20xx and was greeted with an arcade style main menu, and chiptunes remicent of the NES / SNES age (as well as Arcasde machines).The Controls are as tight as you would expect from old style sprite games. I mean they are RAZOR Sharp, and it feels perfect. The sounds and music are imersive, yet actiony enough to keep pushing you. Sadly the music also makes you feel a bit more invincible than you really are :-). The game play is incredible. The bosses are hard, and at high levels, are damn near impossible. (Twin Astrals, Deathlutus).For us old mega man fans there's enough legacy refrences to keep us nastalgic. But if you know nothing about the original MMX games, you can still play and enjoy 20xx for what it is.My ONLY complaints really is that there is (currently) only 4 tilesets, and I feel like there should be 8. Not because of the MMX games, but because each boss should have their own unique level designs. And do not attempt to play this game without a controller. Im sure many are capable, but if you're an old SNES MMX fan, keyboarding is pretty difficult. To be fair though, I dont know that games of this genre should be played with a keyboard.Controls: 10/10Music/Sounds: 9/10Graphics: 9/10Replayability: 10/10----------------------Total: 9.5/10If you're into Roguelike platformers, you would be a fool to pass this one up.Also, if the soundtrack is released as a seperate purchase, count me in."
76561198294558453,Recommended,322110,34265682,Posted: 15 August,all,Commissar Maverick,"Soon to come out of Early Access testing,20XXis a 2D platformer with Megaman-inspired gameplay, and with a roguelike twist anybody can dig into and enjoy.To start off, 20XX is a game that demands more from you then to charge though guns ablazing. Moving platforms and tight jumps are the norm of the randomly seeded maps, and while health at first is more than enough to face off the many enemies you will encounter, one wrong move or poorly-timed jump too many will leave you at the mercy of the boss at every level's end.It also does not help in your favor for the enemies to work together with the map, to bring you down and back to the hub level known as the ""Ark"". The game can always be played again, but so will the many colorful enemies, often in the likeness of common garden insects, and just as buggy and apathetic as you would expect from them. The good news is, many weapons and toys are at your disposal, and can ease in squishing your foes.A basic blaster or energy sword, depending on your character, is standard issue and can be charged for more kapow. They are more than versatile, but often at times they can really feel lacking. Some power-ups can be obtained after vanquishing a boss, or buying them in the Ark for metal nuts, the universe's currency. They do require an energy supply, however, and are not to be depended on for longer battles.Every map is always a new adventure, and almost certainly will never be repeated again. All the enemies will be positioned and waiting for you in different places, every time. Some set-pieces can be recognized, but with a ticking clock promising goodies, and you being shot at from all directions, one can never be allowed to get too familar with their surroundings.And for those who may grow bored of even the randomly-seeded nature of the game, an easy solution is in play for those who are willing to use them. Various ""skulls"", each representing a new and deadly setback, challenges you to experience the game with the deck stacked against you in different ways. One may simply increase the damage enemies do, or perhaps it does something rather creative, such as making the clock eat away at your health if it hits zero.Overall, 20XX is a solid title, and one that proudly represents what Early Access can really do. I myself have not played very much of it, but I can easily see the hard work and integrity that has gone into it, and all I can do now is wonder at what it could be after it retires from Early Access, and beyond. Those achievements sure look promising."
76561198273720151,Recommended,322110,34300511,Posted: 16 August,all,Donkey Belly,I think I got my money's worth.
,Recommended,322110,19845578,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"I've had my eye on20XXfor quite some time, and recently decided to take the plunge.20XXis exactly what it says it is - a modernizedMegamanwith roguelite elements and co-op, to boot. The game certainly feels very polished, and does its job quite well.Its very fun, and has that 'one-more-run' addictiveness.At first glance, I was nervous that this game would be too difficult, requiring twitch-like reflexes, but in reality it is very forgiving.You only lose a little bit of life for falling, and I found it quite easy to pass a few levels on 'Normal' mode straight from the get-go.Pros:+Very polished. It does its job very well. It feels like a great modernized version ofMegaman, complete with (good) retro music and tight controls.+Controller support is awesome. Everything feels great. Tight controls.+Awesome meta-game upgrades that I like in any roguelite.+Lots of items and abilities.+Co-op seems super fun (haven't tried yet, but have watched several LetsPlays).+Daily run leaderboards.+The choice of the classic arm-blaster character and a melee character.Cons:-Honestly, nothing that I can think of.I'd say totally make the purchase if you enjoyMegaman.The roguelite elements simply add tons of replayability and variation to an already great setup. I'd pay full price, too."
,Recommended,322110,34313145,Posted: 17 August,all,BirdyBrain,good rogue-like. good megaman.
76561198025301599,Recommended,322110,18049832,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,its Roguelike Megaman X
76561198131376414,Recommended,322110,25537457,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,legendbydesign,"I've put over 40 hours into this game and haven't gotten tired of it. Now that it's out of its alpha release, I expect great things to come out of it's beta.I've been really into procedurally generated platformers lately, so this game fit me like a glove."
,Recommended,322110,32778632,Posted: 25 June,all,Guppy,"One of the best action platformers I've played in a long time. Very tight controls, fun power ups, and great level design. Loving every bit of it so far."
,Recommended,322110,14317578,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,madsen,"[Even more updated.]Haven't played for a couple of months and decided to give it another go. Holy hell, this game is fast becoming straight up amazing! Kudos to the devs. I hope this game gets the attention it deserves eventually because now it's definitely an overlooked gem of a game.Re the bosses (as mentioned in my previous updates), they are great and extremely satisfying to beat now. Great job!One thing though, the sound mixing seems to be a bit off. E.g. some sound effects seem a lot louder than others, but that's really all I can find to put my finger on now.[Updated. Original review below.]This game has come a long way since I bought it and the updates continue rolling in, each one making the game even better. It already has a ton of content and you can sink lots of hours into the game as it is now. The bosses are even a bit harder and more varied now even though I still think they're a bit on the easy side. All in all this is shaping up to be a solid game that shows how Early Accessshouldbe done.[Original review:]This is definitely Early Access. The game shows promise but is extremely rough around the edges. (E.g. I get sent to some debug mode that's full of bright red collision boxes whenever I press 'start' to pause the game and it'll randomly go away if I pause/unpause again a few times... Maybe... And my weapon charges while I hold 'right' on the d-pad — not on the analog stick though — making it very difficult to actually move right and shoot. However, I expect both of these problems to be relatively rare since there isn't a torrent of complaints about them in the forums.) Bosses aren't exactly super challenging but I can't imagine they'll stay like that forever. The platforming is pretty tight and controls are very responsive and feel good. 20XX basically has all the ingredients of a great platformer, it just needs to put them together in the right amounts using the right recipe.If you are willing to buy a game on a promise and think this could become an interesting game, then you should definitely buy this. At this very moment there's not a whole lot to it and — since it's Early Access — there may never become anything of it, but if platforming and roguelikes (e.g. Spelunky and Rogue Legacy) is your thing, this could be your next favorite game ... when it's done."
,Recommended,322110,18180396,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Myrianda,"After much deliberation I finally decided to try this game out, and I can honestly say that it was a great decision. As a long time Mega Man X fan, I have dreamed for a sequel of some sort to give me that action/platformer loving that I crave. From what time I have played, this game is definitely worth the buy in the sense that it already feels like a complete game; which is rather shocking considering its in EA and has a better quality than most 'launch' titles. The developers are also extremely active and helpful, which shows a lot of promise for this game's development.As for gameplay, this is where it truly shines. The platforming is top-notch with many challenges for veterans and newbies to the genre, while also mixing in item drops to give it that Binding of Isaac feel. No one playthrough will ever be the same, and you can choose what order you would like to fight each boss. So if you completely hate one boss, you can skip it (most of the time), but that boss will get increasingly difficult as you put him off. So in some cases its best to just get it out of the way whenever possible, or you have the choice to tackle them when you have more upgrades. As seen in the intro vid, you can play as Nina (Mega Man) with the very familiar arm-gun to shoot enemies from afar, or Ace (Zero) with a beam saber for up close and personal balls-of-steel style gameplay. Each character can get weapon drops mid-game to completely change up how they use their current weapon as well, leading to multiple styles of gameplay within each character. If that's not enough, they added a daily challenge mode and a daily hardcore mode for players to sink their teeth into should they desire an extra bit of challenge. In the Challenge mode you can try to clear the game to make rankings on leaderboards, and in the daily hardcore you are faced with 3 skulls (or special scenarios) that change the way the game is played. These each reset once a day for your daily source of Mega Man action.Last but not least, this game has multiplayer. Granted, all of my friends are naysayers and don't believe in this game, but if you have ever wanted to play a Mega Man game with a friend this is your chance. Having played a few multiplayer games with strangers you can just jump in and murder everything with little to no communication. Gotta love mindless mayhem, cuz I do. ^_^Overall, I'm extremely pleased with this game. In fact, there really is not much to say about it negatively aside from one thing. The level 8 Sky Temple and go F*** itself. Having cleared the game multiple times, its the biggest nightmare of the game, and lasers will haunt your dreams.Overall in its current state, I give this game a 9.5/10. I'll change the rating as EA progresses, but the tl;dr of this review is that this is probably one of the best roguelikes  on Steam currently, and wholeheartedly worth every penny."
,Recommended,322110,29418434,Posted: 22 January,all,Nima92,"Good soundtrack, responsive controls, good item variety, high replayability through daily and weekly challenges if you manage to beat the 8 levels/bosses. It gets progressively harder and you pick which levels and bosses to face in order after the first RNG'd level. It's great solo or co-op (though the co-op netcode's a bit wonky so i suggest being on coms to clear up misconceptions)Buy this game. 8/10"
,Recommended,322110,24927279,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Rhael,This game is way more megaman than Mighty Number 2.
,Recommended,322110,23676590,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,quakerin,"This game is not only amazingly good, it somehow keeps getting BETTER with each new update.  What started as a solid take on Megaman X as a roguelite has become a fantastic game in it's own right.  If you like Megaman X you owe it to yourself to play this."
76561198110847648,Recommended,322110,34383389,Posted: 20 August,all,Spaceplumber,"Easy recommendation for everyone who likes action-platformers!!!you don't even have to have played the MegaMan series to appreciate the level of polish and dedication the developers put into this well crafted piece of entertainment!with the controls being as tight and precise as one could hope for,the platforming really is a blast to execute!the weapons,powers and augmentations all feel meaningful and different enough to justify their existence in the game!the currently very popular rogue-like formula, that got applied to sooo many games-but sooo few good ones,combined with classic 2d-action-platforming actually feels sensible and natural and lets you spend a ton of time with it without getting bored!still...none of this would matter if the game isn't a joy to play.so i'm glad i can tell you this:20XX IS FUN!!!......it's that simple"
,Recommended,322110,24069528,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nitrotetrazole,"Barring the fact its a roguelite instead of megaman's carefully crafted levels, this game feel, oozes and breath megaman.the controls are tight and responsive and feel like the old megaman X controls, the levels look and feel like something out of a megaman X game and even tho they arent 16bits, the graphics and look of things feel like it could have been an old megaman game located somewhere between X3 and X4. You even get to choose between X and zero. oh, sorry, Nina and Ace ;)The roguelike power-up system of unlocking them and gathering them during a run somewhat make up for the procedurally-generated levels that, even tho they are random, will still feel familiar after a few runs but without feeling like repetitive rehash. its hard to explain but its one of those time where randomly generated feels pleasantly familiar but not repetitive.Im gonna lsoe some credibility making this comparison but it is inevitable, 20XX is a more worthy heir to the megaman legacy than mighty number 9.Megaman and roguelike seems like two opposites, but somehow 20XX made it work and it still keeps the megaman X heart beating instead of feeling tacky.If youre a fan of megaman X games, i promise, youll feel right at home as soon as the game starts."
,Recommended,322110,24064657,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sinbu,"I'm annoyed it took me so long to find this game (reddit's megaman forum). This is everything a Megaman X roguelike should be, and if you like megaman or megaman X, this is highly recommended.I would give a bunch of pro's/con's, but honestly my previous statement is it: If you like megaman or megaman x, buy it now. If you like roguelikes and you like platform games, buy this now. In its current state, I've already spent around 2 hours and enjoyed every second of it. It's frustrating as you get further, but in a good way. The game is bitesized and always different. And I'm itching to pump more hours into it"
,Recommended,322110,23494337,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Zimmer,"Game has great controls, lots of unique items, and is a ton of fun to play. Right now it's in beta so a lot of things are very unpolished (looking at you multiplayer) but the devs seem very focused on their product which is a good thing to see.I have high hopes for this game!"
76561198132215655,Recommended,322110,26512336,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,hadokenstyle,"Phenomenal concept, phenomenal game. Captures the feel of Megaman X games, with some fun additions. If you love Megaman, you'll love 20XX. The roguelike elements add a great challenge but there are enough choices and randomization to keep things fresh. You also have a lot of carry-overs between games so there is a refreshing combination of skill and development. The devs are very responsive to community feedback. 10/10 would highly recommend."
76561197967469217,Recommended,322110,27672010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Astigos,"Megaman X meets Binding of Isaac. This game is still in early access (11/26/16).Pros:- Endless replayability- Many modes: normal, casual, defiant (hard mode with mutators), daily and weekly challenges, boss rush, seed mode- Couch Co-op and Online Co-op- Developers read reddit and steam forums for suggestions, bug repts, and feedback. Game is updated every 2 weeks.Cons:- Once you get good, difficulty is almost trivial- Level layouts are not full randomized, they are merely a random collection of premade set pieces.- Not as many items as Binding of Isaac9/10"
,Recommended,322110,25475271,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,HippeusOmega,A true spiritual successor to Mega Man. If you love rogue like games and a fan of Mega Man then you owe it to yourself to pick this game up.
,Recommended,322110,34559904,Posted: 28 August,all,krizkor,"Awesome Roguelite/platformer with super tight controls, a perfect difficulty curve, and a bangin' soundtrack.  Take note, Mighty No. 9, this is what you SHOULD'VE been.Gameplay video belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBzAQnwPQa0"
76561198024948201,Recommended,322110,34342634,Posted: 18 August,all,Where Are Those Chocolates?,"Super fun game! Feels like a better version of the old Megaman X games. Controls are very smooth. Online co-op works like a charm and is super fun to play with friends.Highly recommend it if you loved the old Megaman X series, or speedrunning platformer type games."
,Recommended,322110,34315628,Posted: 17 August,all,Mr. Player Six,"I like this game. A lot.It is what it says on the tin: Come expecting Mega Man X style of gameplay, stay for the rogue-lite randomness and item pools. There's a good bit of variety and learning curve in the game, and the items and weapons feel pretty good once you're used to them. Aiming a couple of the boss weapons is incredibly unintuitive, but this game lends very well to experimenting with differnent things to get used to how they work.95% of my time so far was spent in the Beta, by the way (which was lovingly tended to for an incredible amount of time; This was a great example of Early Access Done Right even in the year of 2017). There's a lot of final touches I haven't seen yet that I'm sure I'm overlooking, but there's one particular pair of points I want to address.By default, falling into bottomless pits won't kill you. This is good! It means you get to explore a bit and aren't heavily penalized for falling off of things. There's a lot of moving platforms, and a lot of enemies that fly, and you're not screwed just because something came on screen at the worst time. Falling into a pit seems to only ever deal 1 point of damage, and then resets you on the last bit of stable ground you were standing on. Fun!...until you get into the final levels. These are the Wily Stage equivalents; Utilizing everything you know and your best reflexes to topple challenges that expect you to be able to respond to them. That's where my biggest problem lies with this game. At the risk of sounding like a scrubby scrub who scrubs, the final bits feels overly reliant on platforming over bottomless pits with no solid land ""checkpoints."" This isn't inherently bad, but if you're run didn't give you any kind of movement speed or maneuvering ability (double jumps, enhanced jumps, better dashes, whatever) you can feel unfairly penalized for not being able to move fast enough. I've had more than a few runs end because the spinning platforms were blocked by laser barriers flickering every half a second and my only way out was a series of temporary platforms (Mega Man WHOOOOOOMF blocks) that didn't match the timing on either the mobile platforms I had to maneuver through or the blinking laser barrier.Losing a ton of health because of ""difficulty"" isn't fun, and the final stages aren't particularly short! If you're lucky you'll get the tools to help you, but it does feel unfair at times due to the random pools of platforms and sequences.As mentioned, I like this game a lot. I'd like it a lot more if I didn't have runs end simply because I dared to pick up certain upgrades, and as an effect I made the final platforming challenges nearly impossible. I'll continue to work on improving my own play in the meantime, but the combination of ""haha, you're too slooooow"" sections is a bummer.Buy and play this game. It's great, and the dev team legitimately cares about it. Be better than I am at it and downrate this post as salty baby tears."
,Recommended,322110,33286735,Posted: 5 July,all,Gunmetal,"20XX is quite honestly the Megaman X throwback everyone was asking for with Mighty No. 9.  I have not had the chance to try the online co op yet, but plan to very soon, but the simple fact that it will have co op was a huge selling point.It keeps things interesting with the randomization of each level, as well as the power ups.  There are a ton of power-ups to find and unlock, which I don't think I have scratched the surface on doing.  There are two playable characters currently each with their own distinct weapon upgrades found throughout runs (A megaman character, with a blaster, and a Zero type character, who uses swords/melee weapons).  The final level is not finished as of now, but I am looking forward to it.What I'd like to see in the future..   More heroes, more bosses, more enemies, and more platforming features (which has been talked about in the FAQ by the developers themselves).  But so far, the game is coming alone wonderfully, and I look forward to the 1.0 release.  Definitely worth the price of entry for anyone who is a fan of Roguelikes or Megaman X."
,Recommended,322110,21190710,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Garket Mardener,"Basically, Roguelike MegaManThe year is 20XX. Everyone plays either Fox or FalcoEarly Access Beta Review!Since it's on Beta, and probably an early beta, there's lots to come and to change, but the price will increase on full release so there's your choice to be made.And i hope they add more levels and stuff related because right now there isn't really a lot of variety, but still.It's a fun game, very few basic controls AKA ""Jump And Shoot, that's it lol"" (Mega Man aspect)but a ton of options and different experiences, daily challenges...(Roguelike aspect)All in all, right now there isn't really a lot of matter to review, but it's a cool game and i hope it gets fully developed. It's been on my wishlist for a few months and, hey, it wasn't a mistake to have it there.It's also got some comedy-ish references (Portal, Mario Bros., TF2, Etc.) which make the game a tad better yet.And still, samesillyandroid girl antenna hat thati still DON'T GETLevels are neatly designed but right now i feel we need more content on that, enemies are well balanced out and not really annoying most of the time, bosses are like 1/2 what Mega Man's are, but since you are basically playing chained levels in a roguelike run, it balances out, but they still resemble Mega Man's. Pretty good.Instant Rating (Right now's experience) : 6.75/10 ""Please work on the levels""Prediction Rating (For whenever the game's finished): 8.5-9/10"
,Recommended,322110,31205070,Posted: 17 April,all,PsychoKitteh,"Awesome local co-op, great replayability, incredibly hard. This is every Megaman X fan's dream come true.. this game does a great job of making interesting procedural levels without breaking the platforming or becoming too repetitive."
76561198067442521,Recommended,322110,23506096,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ThatGuyChris,"Love this game! Its megaman, mixed with dark souls, with rougue-like levels added in, its a fun, rage-inducing game! Hoping that maybe eventually will support up to 4 players (cause the swapped color schemes if you and the co-op player choose the same character), so it being 2 Nina's and 2 Ace's, not expecting much, but would love it if that was added :D"
,Recommended,322110,23430178,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,agauge,"megaman series? nope, it's 20XXfun platformer,stages are little bit too hard but the bosses are too easy.."
,Recommended,322110,25625716,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Lawlsomedude,"TL;DR VersionBANG! BOOM! KABOOM! SLASH! BAM! MIGHTY NO. 9 SUCKS! 20XX ROCKS! GIVE THEM YOUR MONEY INSTEAD! THIS GAME IS AMAZING!Real ReviewI, much like many MANY other Mega Man fans, was devistated by Mighty No. 9. I wanted a worthy successor to the name to exist; a Mega Man for the modern platforms! I was disapointed, to be sure. But I knew a game like that would exist eventually.Thankfully, it does.20XX.(That name still gives me chills when I read it.)Now, my favorite Mega Man game is and always will be Mega Man 2. I speedrun it every now and then when I'm bored. There have been few games I've played that fill that niche of speedy gameplay with focusing on ones surroundings. 20XX nails this pace, allowing for both speedy mission completion and careful exploration of levels.20XX does differ from Mega Man in one very glaring aspect; rougelike gameplay. I'm a fan of it, but I see why most people don't like it. Part of the rougelike formula, you gain new items through each run. Each item allows for nice individuality for playing; going heavy on damage in exchange for no armor, high mobility builds, a little bit of everything or whatever you come across! In terms of a rougelike game, it stands very well on it's own. As a Mega Man game? Well, my TL;DR sums it up pretty well."
,Recommended,322110,21225531,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Chippings,"I've been burned by early access enough to turn off to it categorically. I didn't much care for The Binding of Isaac or Rogue Legacy.But I saw this and had to have it. This is my jam.Strongly recommended to any fans of Mega Man, especially Mega Man X4, X5. Captures that feeling perfectly, while introducing replayability in level generation and character development mechanisms.Worth the price tag for me, even in-progress."
,Not Recommended,322110,33320337,Posted: 6 July,all,Mr. T-Rex,"It's a decent Mega-Man clone, and it's relatively fun, but it still bugs in some ways.Even after shrinking the resolution and doing everything I can to speed things up, there are times when the game is still jumpy and slow, which can make it rather frustrating. It's rogue-like insofar as the levels are randomly generated within parameters, but it has no rogue-like feel to it, so I honestly find that tag misleading. When you finish a run, there's really no payoff; the scientists guys just insult you less for once, and you can start again.In the end, it's fun to play for a few hours if you have sufficient resources on your computer (I run slow and cheap, so I'll admit it's mostly me), and it's nice to play around and figure out what upgrades match with your style of gaming. And it's still in beta, so perhaps they'll polish it to the point where some of my irritations will be taken care of. I'd honestly just hoped for a bit more."
,Recommended,322110,19489149,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Arimith,"On my best run ever in the game, had a fatal crash and closed. My eyes literally began to swell up, and I'm too disheartned to try again.10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,322110,23620319,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Celtic Samurai,"20XX is an ever-evolving randomly generated platform game that takes the Mega Man X formula in a cool new direction, and it costs $12. Mighty No. 9 recycles the same tired formula from the original Mega Man games with a few gimmicks that wear off very quickly, and they expect you to pay anywhere from $20-$40. Choose wisely.9/10"
,Not Recommended,322110,34473078,Posted: 24 August,all,icn,"I had high hopes for this game, maybe too high.20XXwas supposed to be the game that made right whatMighty No.9promised and failed so miserably to deliver. A game that was supposed to revive the spirit ofMega Man, a franchise of which I've played almost all games that came out for Gameboy and SNES.After playing a bit of20XXI made the decision to refund the game. It is not a bad game per se, it just it not what is promised. Sure, it looks a lot likeMega Man, but what matters here is gameplay. The controls are not as crisp as they should be and most importantly the level design -due to randomization- simply does not hold up. Cheesy Robot-Bosses aside, level design was the true strength of bothMega ManandMega Man X, while this game creates weird half-heights and extremely repetitive sections in its levels. After the first injection of nostalgia infused excitment wore off rather quickly, I still do a enjoy a good rogue-lite - quite a bit in fact. Sadly for20XX, I already own bothRogue LegacyandSpelunky, who both do what20XXdoes, but they do it better. Especially randomized levels that are actually good.Maybe I'll give the game another chance when it is on sale in a few years, but for now I simply can not recommend it due to the misleading advertisment and ""skin choice"" as well as better alternatives already being available on Steam. I guess I'll stick to replaying the Mega Man Legacy Collection on PS4."
76561198196924930,Recommended,322110,26074211,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,big poo poo boi,get refund of mighty no.9 and get this game!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,322110,34143026,Posted: 10 August,all,Liati22,"Yes! This is the Chosen One.This is what Might No. 9 should have been.This is the TRUE successor to Mega Man X (!!), and I don't say that lightly.You can check my profile.I usually hate everything.But I love 20XX."
,Recommended,322110,23724326,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Truong,Better than Mighty No. 9.
76561198025782613,Not Recommended,322110,34485980,Posted: 25 August,all,Daimoku,"One of the taglines for this game is, ""If you like roguelikes or Mega Man, 20XX is for you!""Let me amend that a bit. If you like roguelikes but are unfamiliar with Mega Man, you are this game's intended audience. But, if you came here as a MMX fan and are expecting a more classic experience, you *may* find the roguelike elements getting in the way of your enjoment.To start, in order to make the roguelike portion of this game work, some factors of classic Mega Man design were inadvertent casualties.One of those is exploration. As the levels are procedurally generated, there are no Metroidvanian moments. Say in Mega Man X, you climb up a wall in Flame Mammoth's stage, see an Energy Tank behind a strange barrier of blocks, and you can't do anything to get it. But fear not, once you obtain that helmet upgrade, you can come back and claim it later.This doesn't happen in 20XX because A. There is no backtracking to previous levels, and B. All of your items are random. You may never obtain the hover boots in a run, for instance. You might get the flight or double jump boots instead, but because you cannot plan around obtaining gear at certain stages, you also can't design cool moments around an upgrade's specific capabilities.Flight, double jump, hover boots, air dash boots. The most flavor you get out of those is the synergy between them and other upgrades or boss powers, like the boss power that launches a giant projecile that inherits your momentum, or the hover boots allowing you to spam your spinning air attack. While these are undoubtedly cool, I would have preferred to customize my character at my leisure, as opposed to when the stars align.In the end, it feels like all items in the game are centered around a single purpose - boost your level clear times by increasing your mobility, offense and defense. There are other, weird upgrades you can choose to take or not, (like lose all max HP but 1, and convert the lost HP into temporary HP that's twice as strong) but they feel more like gimmicks than compelling choices.What's more, you are expected to grow in power as you progress, but this comes at the cost of feeling ""off"" at the beginning of the game. You feel slow, your dash barely moves you forward, and your jumps are short. But as you upgrade, you turn into a speed demon with omnidirectional air dash and insane jump height. It's awesome, but I felt the power spikes were too drastic. I hated the feeling of deprivation at the start of the game more than the power I got at the end of the game. I didn't get this feel of deprivation with Mega Man X. You get your single power spike from the dash upgrade, and the rest is more flavorful as opposed to game-changing.Personally, I fail to see what positives roguelike randomization brings to the game as opposed to what you have to give up to get it. Obtaining gear through a shop feels hollow. Procedural generation means levels aren't memorable. The ever-present timer at the bottom of the screen pushes you to rush through a level instead of taking your time. But this may differ depending on your tastes. Some people enjoy getting through the game with whatever gear they find, and skillfully adapt on the fly to new challenges. Speed is a priority. Exploration and backtracking are secondary to achieving a high score on the leaderboard. If that sounds appealing to you, check this game out.I have to give kudos where they are due, and that is to the art and sound teams, as the character designs, effects, movement and controls, music and even the story are top notch. Unfortunately, the roguelike elements jarred me a bit too much to fully recommend this game to players outside of a roguelike-loving audience."
76561198170805811,Recommended,322110,23741890,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,QJrocks,"Do you like Mega Man? If you do, buy this game. If you don't, buy this game anyway. It's really that good."
,Recommended,322110,23641872,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mug Mane,Game Is nuts!
,Recommended,322110,23776507,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dokta Whawee,"Mighty No. 9 took a group of VETERAN developers of Megaman, over 3 years, and 4 millon USD to make a ""Just okay"" megaman esque game game. Yet this game (for LESS than half the price on steam), has more content, is better animated, was made on little to no budget, had only a few newbie devs, is very few bugs, and is 10 TIMES BETTER! Seriously! This game is The Binding Of Isaac cross Megaman X! There are a few problems, though. For instance, health machines should be more common in later levels. Or, when you kill a boss, the next one in the weakness order should be one of the next to apear. I think you should be able to browse all items at once in the shop via a machine (but keep all the one-time augs random), I think they should make Core Augs more common, and finally, let you have the ability to to pick up soul chips on the daily/weekly challenges (However, make it exclusive, like having them only appear in normal, or having them only appear in hard mode).Overall - 8.4/10. If you wan't a megaman game that won't make you cry likeOkay, this joke is getting old, Get this one. It is truely remarkible!"
76561198067894229,Recommended,322110,21925746,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SNIVY BOI,"+ Great art style. Devs really improved the character models and animation in 6 months.+ Really good OST. I especially love Agnisort's theme.+ Fun gameplay. Controls are responsive enough, though they could (and should) be improved a lot, honestly. Also, i appreciate that the keys are rebindable, because the default controls are a bit crappy imho.+ Great item variety.+ Online multiplayer! How awesome is that?- Rng can screw your run up. Of course, the same thing can be said for all roguelites, but this game's rng factor is just unbelievable.- Random generated levels can be a bit too unfair sometimes. Oh, here, a tight place where you should walljump continiously and avoid flames and avoid 20 bats and avoid that auto turret and avoid that bee and you're dead. Some balancing is sorely needed. Unescapable enemies make the experience frustrating. I almost alt f4'd the game once.- Annoying bugs. Invisible enemies and walls. (This is an early acces game, so they're acceptable. I hope the devs'll fix the bugs before the full release though.)- Hitboxes are weird. For example, you can only shoot to the body of the Vile Spider if you want to kill it; you can't make any damage by shooting the legs.- Bullet sponge enemies. Devs, this is a platformer game, not a beat 'em up!If you die on a good platformer, it's probably your fault, but on this game, half of my deaths were because of unfair random level design or weird hitboxes.I think it's a great game even right now, but it needs some polishing.7.5/10"
,Recommended,322110,29015960,Posted: 4 January,all,meme mixtape,"Good stuff -- humorous atmosphere that pokes fun and megaman and roguelite tropes- amazing soundtrack- tight megaman x style controls- lots of powerups makes runs unique- ""core"" powerups present the players with interesting choices (i.e. would you rather have armor while dashing, or have a second jump? both powers are boots-dependent, and therefore mutually exclusive)- level design gets more difficult the stronger you areMeh stuff-- art style isn't the most visually appealing- ""speed bonus"" is usually very easy and very miniscule in terms of reward- areas like sky temple that depend completely on moving platforms can be very frustrating, as when ou fall off a cliff, the game takes one health and respawns you at the last non-moving platform you landed onWould recommend to-- those who enjoyed rogue legacy/risk of rain/ other platforming roguelikes/roguelites- those who enjoyed megaman x's movement/shooting/power mechanics"
,Recommended,322110,25491856,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Silumanati,"First thing you'll notice when playing is how responsive the controls are. They did a great job emulating the avatar and camera movement of the Mega Man X series. If you've ever played a Mega Man X game your hands are already accustomed to how the game will play; it is instantly comfortable.As far as game mechanics go, outside of the obvious Mega Man X similarities, the nearest parallel is the excellent roguelike, Risk of Rain. You traverse through quasi-random levels, collecting powerups by shooting crates you'll find along the way that enhance various attributes or give you extra navigational skills like double-jump or hover. At the end of each level you encounter a boss who, upon defeat, drops a powerup and their unique weapon. And just like Risk of Rain you can bring a friend with you to run through the game cooperatively.Unlike Mega Man, you don't have to take a boss's weapon. In fact, you only have 3 slots to hold them so it becomes a balancing act of deciding which weapons to keep and which to drop as the difficulty of enemies and bosses scale up as you get deeper into the game.I wouldn't worry too much about the title being Early Access. The game is stable and a blast to play. Capcom might never release another X title again, and though it may lack the polished campaigns that the Mega Man series gave us its daily and weekly challenges, coop mode, randomly generated levels, and different game modes make the game infinitely replayable. Pick it up now while it's a steal."
,Recommended,322110,23877787,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Xenosis,"This game..........THIS GAME IS AWSOME!You want a game thats like Megaman X PLAY THIS!Ok serious time!Pros:-Classic Megaman X'ish game play. Not exactly Megaman X but in my option this game is better then any of the X games[granted I have only played X 1 and 2]-SO. MANY. POWER UPS! With how many power ups there are in this game you are gonna have a very diffrent experience everytime you play.-Two playable characters. And one is not clearly better then the other, they have diffrent weapons but they get the same power ups, so its just a choice if you like shooting or cutting♥♥♥♥♥♥more.-It gives you a fair challange.*Stares intently at Mighty No.9* After playing Mighty No.SH!T im happy to play a Megaman style game with a fair challange, not to hard not to easy......ALSO THERE IS NO BULLSH!T WHICH IS GOOD!-Game runs great. I have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop and this game runs 60 FPS. THAT IS RARE FOR ME SO THSI GAME IS CLEARLY MADE TO RUN ON ANYTHING!Cons:-...........................................-............................................Ummmm-..........Nope, cant think of any this game is fricking awsome, this is one of the few games I have played where I dont thing one thing is good, this is a pretty soild game all around, im suprised this is in early access, if this isnt the final product im hyped as hell to see what it will be.Final Point: BUY THE ♥♥♥♥ OUTA THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,322110,18391429,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,RealKinadShady,"This game is a must to anyone who ever dreamed of tearing s*** up with X and Zero, alongside a friend.The roguelike nature of the game will keep you coming back for more, and the tight controls will make any platforming fan drool. The powerups are a very nice way to make you feel like you really are progressing, and the skulls are an excellent way to boost the challenge.If you love Megaman X, Roguelike games like Binding of Isaac or Rogue Legacy, or even platformers in general, then buy this game."
76561198123576565,Recommended,322110,18387773,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Felicia,Great game. Stands well on its own in Early Access even if it is still unfinished. I enjoyed it better than most X games. Procedural elements make the game fun. Only issue is that the enviromental puzzles can get super punishing for a game with perma-death. Can't wait to see the final product.PS It has a Zero! and he's really good!PSS you can equip and use multiple boss powers without having to switch them in the inventory menu!PSSS you should buy this game now!
,Recommended,322110,34584317,Posted: 29 August,all,greaseDonkey,I highly recommend this game and I hope the devs keep adding new boss and enemies.  I have a feeling this game could become the next Binding of Isaac if it had a bit more content.
,Recommended,322110,28998265,Posted: 3 January,all,kenricht,"I was watching this game for a long time now and was checking often for uptades because I am a firm believer that we shouldn't buy early access game since so many developper use it the wrong way (the concept is a great idea but often abused)Still checked this one growing and to be honest I couldn't hold it anymore  , this is game is nothing short of genius design and if you compare it with others like it witch had big budget its still come out on top . The replayability is so great that you can play x time and not even get that little boring feeling of ""deja vu"" . I also have to praise the flawless controls and movements witch are really important for a game like that .The difficulty is pretty well done for a game of this genre and there is a challenge for anyone , add-in several item that make your build random each time , second character , multiplayer , daily challenge and motivationnal quote at each death (yeah right ...) and you get a serious contender for the best game of his category .This game get honor spot in my library (for what its worth ahah) and its still early access , amazing job devs ."
76561198058730344,Recommended,322110,15190644,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,The gains,"Megaman returns after 5 years of being dead!+ MEGAMAN+ Good powerups, balanced+ If the game isn't difficult enough, you can change it to where it is- Only two characters (acceptable since it is in alpha)- levels are slightly repetitive (also acceptable for previous reason)"
76561198020701146,Recommended,322110,18358383,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Thyan420,"This game is pretty wicked, I like alot of features it has and the way the game play is. definately an 8/10. A couple things could use some fixing though:1. Always starting from lvl 1 - this is tedious, it'd be nice if there was a way to save the game so you can continue off from where you left off, or continued from where you died.2. No place to store nuts. - Really, this would be helpful for the future updates (if any).3. Not enough items to spend soul nuts on - this coinsides with 2, Once you buy everything, theres really nothing left and your collecting soul nuts for no reason, be nice if we can spend it on lives.4. continuously increased difficulty - I wouldn't say this is a problem, however, it'd be nice if the difficulty didnt screw you over as you advance through the levels. Better placement of enemies and level hazards would be nice, have them a bit more spread out instead of basically deciding which way is best to die, nothing like deciding whether you want to burn to death, get slaughtered by a mob of enemies, spiked to death, or fall into lava all in one shot, and its all in the direction you have to go and no alternate root."
,Recommended,322110,21038675,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Deadly,"Binding of Isaac meets Megaman X in a procedurally generated platformer, unlocking items and killing bosses is super satisfying, a great get for anyone into rogue-likes/rogue-lites."
76561198091032655,Recommended,322110,18231306,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,cillranchello,"(Insert ""SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! meme here)This game is more than a love letter to Mega Man X, the only thing standing between it and being a legitimate entry to the series is copyright law. This is how you do a platformer, this is how you do a Mega Man game. The controls are tight, the obstacles are the right level of difficult (save one that sticks out), the music is right on point. This game will grab you and keep you saying ""just one more level..."" into the wee hours of the morning. If you're hungry for not just a Mega Man game, but a damn good platform, then stop reading this and install it, now damn it.PROS+Good difficulty curve+Nostalgia boners all around+Obstacles are MM classics with a few new ones thrown in.+Lots of items to choose from.+Good music.+Tight controls, even on keyboard.CONS-Ace(Zero expy) feels much stronger than Nina (MM expy), the generous range and damage on the saber nullfies the risk vs. reward nature of playing melee.-Lots of items to choose from, but mobility power-ups are necessary for later levels, leading to the occasional RNG-screw.-Powers need balancing. Flame Shield is almost on-demand invincibilty, while other powers fall short.-No story, but this is an Early Access review. That might change.-Cartoony. The game looks like a Newgrounds game.This is a polished piece of work, and manages to entrap me and frustrate the hell out of me all at the same time. If the developers set out to make us feel like kids again, they have succeeded wholly in their mission, the only thing missing is a SNES controller.This is the end of the review, now you should buy the game."
,Recommended,322110,21078011,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rua,Roguelike Mega Man X9001/10
,Recommended,322110,21042617,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,AshamedMadMaN,Mega Man Isaac. Good Idea!
,Recommended,322110,20256054,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Deacon,Soul nuts look like Fox/Falco shine. 10/10. This is the real 20XX of the future
76561198009308209,Recommended,322110,23512282,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,AustynSN,"Fun game.  Harder than I'd hoped, but it just means I'll have to play it more.  (Actually, kind of a pain in the @$$ at times.)My biggest complaint, actually is the tips on the load screens.  The load times on my PC are so brief that I can't even read them.  I can read at best about half of them.  They should be ""dismiss-by-button"", not Auto-dismiss."
76561198141698078,Recommended,322110,23510815,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Infam0us Zer0,"Very fun and challenging game also can't forget to mention the music which is awesome and sounds great. does that sound familiar? yes sounds like what you hear from a megaman review, this game is very similiar to the megaman series and i praise it for that. the designs arent my favourite butether way i can full harditly give this game a 8.5/10! do yourself a favour and give this game a try all you megaman fans :)"
,Recommended,322110,23749137,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,"Simply put, I love this game. It really feels like a 16-bit Megaman game. I know it's not but my eyes suck and it's silky-smooth.On that note, I would like to personally thank the devs for adding UI scaling. My eye thanks you too."
76561198113354508,Recommended,322110,25172020,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Big Yonsan,"tl;dr version: Buy it.Did you like Megaman X? Would you like to play what Might No. 9 should have been? Then this is your game.Honestly, I'd have paid $40 for this and not been disappointed in the least. Everything about this game from the art to the music to the constant support and updates during pre release is a sign of quality and genuine love of the game on behalf of the devs. Just buy it.As an oldschool megaman and X fan, I can't recommend this game enough to you. If you're like me (old, crotchety and nostalgic for the days of Contra) and the default game doesn't have quite the difficulty and speed you'd like, the game has a skull system that you can activate to make it hard as you'd like. Increase speed, difficulty and a dozen other factors to make it just like the games we grew up on. Break a controller or two.If the youngins are playing your games, turn the skulls off and let 'em go to town. There is literally no one who can't enjoy this game."
76561197970153763,Recommended,322110,24041716,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,unkind,"Megaman with amazing co-op netcode, random loot/items. Nothing makes you ""stronger"" additively (which ruins many other games). Only getting better with updates. Absolutely worth $10-15 especially if you have friends to play with."
,Recommended,322110,25423078,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,IceWolf,"Grabbed a friend and loaded this up.  Lost to the main menu (the back button default key is Z for keyboard)  Turns out we stumbled into a gem.  Fans of the Megamen X/Zero games will love this.  Smooth gameplay combined with the replayability of RNG maps already make this a must have, even in early access.  The multiplayer is very good even though they currently say its only (90%) functionable, I have only ran into 1 small problem where HP is listed correctly when viewing your ally's health.  That so far is my only complaint.  Excellently made game, looking forward to see what else they update it with."
76561198047468776,Recommended,322110,29596973,Posted: 30 January,all,Calamity Kitty,"For as long as I can remember back, I have always loved Megaman. From start to finish. All it's titles and even the less great ones seem to have held a special place in my heart. Megaman X in general though was the one that I grew up playing the most of. I grew up always asking why it was never 2 player Co-Op and I can't be the only person who felt like it was such a missed opportunity on capcoms part for not having ever allowed it to be Co-Op. I have only owned this game for 2 days now, I have played the hell out of it and the nostalgia rating is 10/10. But set aside nostalgia and look at this game as a stand alone game that simply takes what megaman always was and builds up on it to make itself unique. It is still early access and already has an incredible amount of potential to be one of my favorite games of all time.The inputs are flat out amazing, I did have to change the bindings so that B on my Xbox controller was my dash, I couldnt handle the default RB being the dash, but set aside that..I have changed nothing and love everything. I recently got to play it with my friend who I grew up together always saying ""Why isn't megaman 2 player co-op"" it was literally like getting ina time traveling device and warping back in time to play megaman as we thought it should be. (Not to diss megaman, I am such a huge fangirl of megman lol) This game exceeded my expectations for being a game that isn't even complete yet. For the price especially. It seems steep at first until you realize that this game has near infinite replayability (Especially if you read up on the forums as to what the devs plan to do with the game in the future, such as a creating your own stages and such that get shared with the community and put into the actual game.) I not only enjoy the game as it is right now at this very moment, but the updates I hear that are coming are exciting to hear.Most of these other reviews will go into way more depth than I will, for me I realize the selling point was the Co-Op gameplay. There is never any lag, I've had no issues thus far, no bugs that I have found, And trying to play the game in lightning mode is hilarious when you have a friend who mashes dash and can't control his character. Watching him slide off the edge to his death about half a million times while I wait at the top was priceless. I recommend this game for anyone like me who grew up playing megaman and wanted to play WITH your friends instead of taking turns on stages.This is a beautifully done game and a far better one than that of ""Mighty Number 9"" which wasn't at all that mighty. This game instantly succeeded where that game fails. The soundtracks good, the gameplay is amazing, the challenge is incredible but starts off easy for the new players who would just enjoy casual gaming. The items seem fair and pretty balanced (for the most part at least, I always feel OP until suddenly I'm at 2 HP and wondering wtf happened to my life)Over all, I came here to put this review here with 2 days into the game because it has ALREADY exceeded my expectations and I know I will enjoy this game in the days following. I may even come back to add more to the review later when they add things for updates. This game is just too good. 10/10 already, and its unfinished. The reviews for this game do not lie. :)"
,Recommended,322110,34361214,Posted: 19 August,all,David Luky,"This game is awesome. Besides that, it brought me fame and glory, while I played it I streamed on Twitch, and got 8 viewers! then a guy from Austria add me and we played together, 10/10"
76561198143608227,Recommended,322110,34495761,Posted: 25 August,all,Wolf,"I've been playing this game for a very long time. And you can see how long i have played it.Tight controls, great items, bosses and end games could've been a bit better but overall, this game is awesome! A more worthy spiritual successor to the Megaman X franchise. If you like Megaman X, and roguelike, you'll love this game.My first couple of hours had me very frustrated as i die a lot. once you get use to the building blocks of the game, it's a constant push on how far you can go."
,Recommended,322110,16260808,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Stellaryu,"When the genres of Platforming and rouge-lite come together (with a reconginition of a twist of Megaman X reminiscent gameplay) you would get something like this.20XX is a game of past-paced action, greatly designed levels (which flows excellently well with the pace of the gameplay), well thought abilities & power-ups and the vector graphic style used for the tilesets and characters is also a positive feature to take into consideration. Even though the game is currently inBETAstages so it will have a few graphical bugs and issues with the AI. Issues like - the enemies' animation doesn't stop walking forward when it's on the edge of a platform and sometimes the AI of some enemies does act a bit clumsy/or a bit cheap. They'll eventually get patched in future updates. But the game itself is just too gewd! ;3Review round up:Nice gameplay & graphic style.Awesome abilities & animation flow. ;PBut has a few bugs with the enemies' AI. -hopes that I haven't missed out anything else important- xD"
76561198015081451,Recommended,322110,29121874,Posted: 8 January,all,Sevn87,"Great feel to the gameplay and game mechanics. Beat it on normal as nina ill probably put some more time into it. I hope to see more content to the game, but as it stands, thanks for the great game."
76561198011992767,Recommended,322110,34441559,Posted: 23 August,all,Sgt. Hawk -=(TRP)=-,"This game was recommended to me through Steam. Being a huge fan of the Mega Man X franchise, I was a bit skeptical that something like this could come close. (I was one of those people baffled and confused by Lightweight Ninja and the crappiness to the gaming world it brought.) But I took a gamble on this one...and it paid off! I must say, the developers have done their home work. Of course, they wouldn't be able to just down right copy X, but all the new features bring a very solid gameplay experience. If Keiji Inafune had been given the freedom to develop his games differently...this is certainly something he would have come up with. It's a tribute/parody that stands on it's own two legs.I doubt the guys who put this game together will ever read my review, but if they do...thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for capturing a part of my childhood beautifully.To all you haters of Mighty No. 9...I personally enjoyed the game. It wasn't perfect, but it could have been if the kickstarter backers weren't trying to rush the team to finish it. Yes, it took 4 years...but this game damn near did as well. Shame on the entire lot of you for trashing a man's legacy. To all you kickstarters that were hoping for a Mega Man clone...you got exactly what you deserved. (Sorry I couldn't review that game. I own it on Wii-U, not Steam, so I figured I'd get my pot shot in here.)Stepping off my soap box...If you enjoy classic Mega Man X, platformers, or just a fun challenge, this is the game for you. But if you are someone who ""judges a book by its cover,"" don't let the art turn you away. It may not be on par with popular games, but I think it's refreshing. Either way, I highly recommend this game to anyone who remembers the glory days of Capcom. Because as of right now, small developers such as these fine people are looking much better than them."
76561198118829087,Recommended,322110,23489784,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Jebby Jeb Jeb,"An absolute must have for any Mega Man X or Mega Man Zero fan. It captures the spirit of those games perfectly. Replayability is very high due to the roguelike randomization of the levels and powerups. Plus, it gets regular updates from the developer. It's clear that a lot of passion was put behind this game and that really makes it shine.It may not be Mega Man, but it's the next best thing.11/10 would buy again"
76561197980901776,Recommended,322110,24265712,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Ruby Pink,"OMG this game is a BLAST!Yes there are bugs, yes its in Early access, but it is already alot of fun! =DIm not a megaman fan myself (dident buy into the hype of said ""other projects""), but just the game itself is already toping a favs chart of mine and i hope to see it grow into a more promissing flower.And the sound track, O-M-G! I cant get enough of that intro ALONE!I wonder if there will be a story mode, even if there isent, this game is already great, and super fun.And this is coming from someone that dident take into the original megaman games. (Aside from ZX and the Battle Networks)I really am glad i picked this up and gave it a spin, props to I.S.01 for recommending this game over (the possible scam of a game here).(After Early Access Review)TO MUCH FUN!The end game is so much of a good time even though it is super hard and difficult, that right blend of hard and awsome~This team did an amazing job~<3The wait WAS worth it and im so glad i got into this game, thank you guys for giving us a truely awsome megaman experence =3"
76561197983572422,Recommended,322110,23762625,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,grande42xcom,"This is the Megaman inspired game that I've been waiting for.  Fast paced, nice level design, great music.  I would have never picked up this game without the reccomendations from the other Steam users voicing their frustration over Mighty No. 9.  Thanks to everyone."
76561198038137532,Recommended,322110,29935461,Posted: 14 February,all,BRRRRRROCK LLLLLLLESNARRRR,"I'm no vetern, hardcore Megaman X fan, but I can say wholeheartedly that this game is great. Controls are nice. Presentation is nice. Surprisingly even the level design is nice. Mastering the mechanics, levels, and bosses really feels rewarding, and the many different upgrades and weapons you can find really keeps you playing. If you think it's a bit too expensive then just pick it up during a frequent sale."
,Recommended,322110,24194316,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cyclo,"Hm... This is a meal that uses the Megaman X recipe.But... It doesn't mess it up, unsurprisingly. Adding a little bit of the roguelite spices that oh so many chefs love to put in, this 20XX meal somehow works!Think of it like a coffee break Megaman X, a sort of replacement meal for the resturant you once loved."
76561198168095225,Recommended,322110,23762113,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kub3163,"Only one day into this game and addicted already. Mighty No 9 is NOT the spritual successor to Mega Man, 20XX is. Tons of fun, replayablitiy, and well work the buy"
76561198057357190,Recommended,322110,24192622,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Axz,"A total Megaman X clone, but better.The good:Everything about 20XX screams Megaman X, to name a few the blue robot with a buster, the red robot with a beam saber, 8 levels with thier own whimsical bosses with chessy names / intro's, the dashing, the wall sliding, the music, the 4 upgrade parts (head, chest, arms and boots), charged shots and even the name of the game itself (I think 20XX was the year Rock became Rockman).It improves on most of those things like set bonuses for having all 4 upgrades of the same kind (there are 4 different kinds of each part) and augments are simaliar to cyber elfs but you are NOT punished for using them but rather are activley encouraged to find as many as possible.Also most of each level randomises every time you play, so while you will be able to remember a level, you won't be able to know what order it'll be in. Combined with the fact that levels increase in length and difficulty depending on how many levels you have already beaten that playthrough makes each level very different each time you play it (you only get to choose 1 of a random 3 levels after each level, so you can't play the same order every time).The UI has been VASTLY improved, instead of only being able to equip 1 weapon and having to cycle through all the others to get to the one you want, you can have up to 4 weapons equipped to 4 different buttons and fire any of them at any time. All boss weapons share the same ammo' pool (NRG -which is displayed constantly under your health bar) eliminating the need to swap weapons to refill each of them and even the buster / saber themselfs can be swapped out for other weapons / attacks (all main weapons are infinite).It also has mutiplayer for co-op, you can both be the same charecter if you want, (more modes *MIGHT* be added in the future, but that's just speculation), it has a casual mode and a normal mode which you can modify with a fair few handicaps (""skulls / poisons"") it has a ranked daily challenge where you can only try once a day with no starting bonuses, a daily hardcore which is the same but with 3 random handicaps active. It also has a weekly challenge which is the same as the daily but can be tried as much as you want, the weekly hardcore is the same but with 3 random handicaps.You find ""soul chips"" on powerful enemies (not bosses) that you can spend on unlocking new upgrades to find during a playthrough, once you have them all you can use them to buy up to 3 random augmentations to start with in normal or casual mode inbetween playthroughs. In your HQ you can see what you can unlock, what you already have unlocked, swap characters, see the shop or choose any of the 8 modes (casual, normal, normal+ (<-- Normal with handicaps), daily, dailyHC, weekly, weeklyHC and co-op).While it can be played with a keyboard it is mainly optimised to use a 360 controller, which I can attest works pretty well, you can change your equipped weapons to X (main weapon) LB, LT, and Y. You can presumably edit the button layout more but I haven't tried that yet, to be fair I haven't needed to (there is a discalimer at the start saying that the game was meant for 360 controllers and using anything else would possibly have issues).There is a leaderboard that covers pretty much everything, there seems to be a *tiny* bit of hacking going on there, but not much (unless it really is possible to beat the game in under 2 min's). There's also a local 2 player mode so your mate can just plug another 360 controller in a play with you, I don't know if it's split screen (as you would expect) or if it's a San Adreas sytle ""both players share the same screen and if they don't work together they're gonna have a bad time"" kinda deal.Also a good price, even more so if you get it on offer.The bad:The 2 charecters appearence looks a little..... ""flash-e"". It's not really an issue while playing (or at all for that matter), you won't notice it because everything's kicking off, but if you stop and look at your character, they look like they were made in a flash game. A very polished flash game, but a flash game nonetheless. After the rest of the game does so well it's just wierd to see the main charecters not look like they belong there, it kind of looks like how Raiden from Mortal Kombat 3 would look if he were in Mortal Kombat 10. To be fair it is still in development, they might be place holders, they might be focusing on other things first, I don't know. The characters just look a little..... ""flash-e"" at the moment (espesically during Aces' standard attacks).The only playing option right now is the story, there are lots of modes to play it, but considering at the moment it's completely void of any story, it's not much of a story, it's more of an arcade. You have 8 levels to beat that are majoritly random, and that's it. You get a lot of replayability from that one mode, but once you get board of those 8 levels you're board of the entire game.There are other modes that they could add, taking from Megaman again there's the infinity mode from Megaman 9 (or 10?) where you go through infinite areas back to back without bosses and the amount of areas you cleared is your highscore. Or even a 1 v 1 mode like they supposedly did in Megaman and Bass (we didn't get a PAL SNEZ release /cry), perhaps 2 v 2 or handicap matches, maybe even a tournement mode. It is still in development though, so maybe there will be more modes, but maybe not.It doesn't have much in the sense of story or collectables, perhaps they could tie them together in another Megaman fashion, like either the chips from Megaman Zero or the discs from Megaman and Bass. The levels just don't give you any real incentive to look closely at them, if there's a secret path you'll see it, it consists of about 4 platforms that you can see from the main path, you don't have to look to find them.Multiplayer is wonky as **** right now.Achiv's would be nice.The Ugly:7 / 10A great arcade game so far, it is still in development but even if it stays as it is it's a pretty good Megaman experience. It could be SO much more though, I don't want to sound ungrateful or greedy, but now they've got the platform for it it's entirely possible to make it so much better. It's only downsides at the moment are cosmetic or simply not in the game *yet*. The only real problem is the lengh of the game, you're only getting 8 levels (at this point in time), you can play them a lot of different ways and for a lot of different reasons, but those 8 levels are 100% of the gameplay.I would love to see more ways of playing."
76561198042700801,Recommended,322110,23938374,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Acidhog [Protohog],"i gave this a 9/10 befor and now i regrate that. this game to me is a perfect 10 for meany reasons. if you cant tell already, im tired so im going to bed.cya all in hell"
,Recommended,322110,18141002,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Victor Ziblis,"Randomly generated infinite Mega Man.  If that sentence alone is not enough to sell you on the game, nothing will and this game doesn't want you anyway."
76561198134754578,Recommended,322110,25437246,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,rexxxx12,"I found this game last year during my travel in Australia, great country and nice people by the way ;), by accident. And after a bit research I gave the game a shot. It blast me away, it has nearly ever think, that I love on Mega Man. Just level select screen and Main villain is missing yet but I'm looking forward for this great game."
,Recommended,322110,27011539,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gobo McFly,"From the time I sank in so far, and despite not firing it up for a while now, this game is the Megaman X game we never had in the current gaming era.With 8 randomly generated stages (soon to be 9 as a Wily-type stage is being developed, no eta on it though), unique boss fights, solid 2 week updates, a community that provides loads of feedback, devs that actually post and interact with the community on a daily basis, Rogue-lite elements, and tons of in game difficulty modifiers from Endless to game speed increases, among many other cool options and features.What sets this apart from similar games is the interaction between the Developers and the community. There is constant, daily, and (mostly) friendly interactions between players and the devs (from when I last played and read the forums), from bug reports and fixes to gameplay videos and such.In closing, this game is simply amazing compared to Mighty # N-*Megaman appears**Megaman slams Gobo against the wall*Megaman says, ""We do NOT SPEAK OF THAT GAME! IT IS BLASPHEMY!!!!""Gobo says, "".........my spleen"""
,Recommended,322110,23636632,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,LosDeedles,"This game is more megaman than megaman has been for a LONG time. The gameplay is snappy and rewarding, the art design is full of character, and the rougelike elements keep it fun time and time again. The gameplay is straight out of Megaman X, but more refined and better in literally every way.The developer has been releasing steady updates for as long as i've owned the game, and the direction the game is taking is very positive. It just keeps getting better. I recommend this game to my friends with such persistance, it's possible they'll buy it just to shut me up. But alas, they will play it, and the cylce will continue."
,Recommended,322110,34388499,Posted: 20 August,all,[鉄血] Kovy,"This game is amazing. It's designed so, so smoothly. Whether you like old Mega Man games or not, it's an absolute blast to play.The fact that there's Online Co-op is just amazing, but it's not even needed. The price is completely worth it as is.Must have game."
76561198093764327,Recommended,322110,26670774,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,お前はもう死んでいる!,This game Mightier than any number you can think of.
,Recommended,322110,34912072,Posted: 12 September,all,DoomPhase,"First off, a couple things I want to say.-If you are a fan of roguelikes this game WILL appeal to you.-If you are a fan of the Megaman X series this game MAY appeal to you depending on a couple of factors that I'll talk about later.-I haven't written reviews for any other games on the steam store because other people usually nail all the things I want to say, but I really want to put this game out there, and hopefully get more people into it, if possible.With that out of the way, here we go.20XX is a roguelike platformer that takes inspiration from the original Megaman X formula and blends it with aesthetically pleasing visuals and just the right sprinkle of humour. The name of the game is simple: beat all the bosses and give the big bad(s) at the end what for. However, as roguelikes do, if you die on your journey to defeat all the bosses once (or three times if you play on the easier ""Reverent"" mode) you will be forced to start again. On your multiple ""runs"" you will acquire augs, items that improve your parameters, cores, armor pieces with varying abilities which can be mixed and matched to suit your playstyle, and different basic weapons, altering your basic attack, for the current run. A unique currency, soul chips, can be earned on your runs to unlock new items to appear or buy a few already unlocked items that you can use on your next run. There are two characters, Nina and Ace, who function very similarly to characters X and Zero, respectively. You can switch between which one you want to play in between runs in the hub area.Level design is procedurally generated. While this is nothing unusual for a roguelike, this is the part where I stress that Megaman X fans may not love this game as much as other people are saying they might. In Megaman X games each level was carefully crafted and could be revisited at any time. Whichever stage you went to first, there would doubtless be little secrets or areas that you couldn't access until you had a specific upgrade or weapon. Then, you would revisit it, and get the item that was behind that wall or underneath that truck or anywhere else under the sun that it might've been. 20XX loses that element due to procedural generation of levels. There's no set order for you to receive core (armour) upgrades and after one boss you only have 3 random bosses out of the remaining bosses to choose from, along with being unable to revisit cleared levels in that run. There are out of the way small hidden areas with augs, but in my opinion there is only one specific generated secret area that is actually that hard to spot.I bought this game a while back during early access after seeing mention of it elsewhere and as a fan of both Megaman and roguelikes was instantly hooked. While I haven't been around supporting the game as long as most longtime supporters, I have seen the work that has been put into this game by the developers in that short time and I can see that they truly care about this game. That is a very strong quality that is sometimes missing in certain games nowadays. As you play, read up on all the enemies and items, and listen to the music you can see the love put into it by all parties involved.A condensed list of pros and cons, some that I didn't touch on abovePros:-A soundtrack so good it's a crime-For the most part, plays like a Megaman X game-Online leaderboards and rankings catered to speed runners-Massive replayability-Local and Online multiplayer-Both players can play as the same character if they want to-Just funny enough-Lots of data lore on every item, core, boss and enemy in the game accessible with more appearing as you defeat them more and more times. For you readers out there who want a taste of the world and setting of 20XX (like me)-Has been polished for years by a very devoted team-The soundtrack is so good I have to give it two separate points-A hard ""Defiant"" mode for players who want a challenge, with a multitude of modifiers to make your game harder-A robot cat-Really good lookingCons:-Lacks certain Megaman X elements that may make or break the deal for some people-Procedural generation may get boring after seeing the same combinations a lot of times-Some secret areas are not so secret and also suffer from being repetitive-Controls may feel more ""slippery"" compared to Megaman X-No secret street fighter moves-Some players may have to unlock a large amount of items before being able to finish a run due to difficulty spikes at certain points catching someone off guardTo bring things to a close, 20XX is not what Mighty No. 9 should've been, but shares elements of what mighty no.9 was emulating. If you are looking for a real classic Megaman X game that has everything that that series did, you will not be wholly satisfied with 20XX, but may still find it a pretty neat game. If you're into roguelikes, definitely give this a whirl. Even if you're a Megaman X fan, I would still recommend you give this game a try so long as you aren't put off by the roguelike aspect.One last little thing from me. It's easy to say this game is ""A Megaman X roguelike"" and possibly disappoint a few people but I have come to love this game as itself and not as a Megaman X-esque roguelike. Even if you have no expectations going in, I totally recommend this game."
,Recommended,322110,18058642,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,LukeNuffNuffJigglyWigglyPuffPuff,"Looks like it has potential to be a really good game ;) unfortunatly my friends dont have faith in it, and there goes the multiplayer part for me :c"
,Recommended,322110,21290363,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ZiroWing,"Ok Where do i start with this game that doesn't make it sound like im just singing its praises. Yaknow what i dont care this game is amazing and gets more amazing with its consistant updates.This game brings me back to the days of Megaman X. The level design the music the controls everything.Me and brother used to argue over the controls and about Megama Vs Zero, now we dont have to we can play side by side destroying the enemies in co-op. The longer we play the harder it gets and its refreshing knowing we have to work together on bosses. The controls are tight and the gameplay is addictive. Get tired of the usual amount of stages just play endless the true test of your skill. Think that isn't enough add difficulty modifies to make the stages long harder tougher and enjoy the madness and fast base combat in this game.The point im trying to make is buddy up or run it solo if you like rougue-like games and love megaman ya gotta get this game.  Ace and Nina offer all the fun you could have."
,Recommended,322110,28013031,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,XenoGamer186,"I absolutely love this game! After some dissapointing and/or canceled Megaman games in the past, I was surprised to learn of a game inspired by Megaman X that played like a Roguelight game. I found 20XX and was initially turned away by the ever infuriating phrase ""early-access"", but I decided to give it a try and, well, I am really glad that I did. But I digress.Graphics: 10/10 - Old school yet modern.Gameplay: 9/10 - Plays smoothly but has a few minor bugsSoundtrack: 10/10 - All music fits the areas they belong toNostalgia: 9001/10 - brings back a lot of good memoriesmultiplayer: 8.5/10 - online multiplayer glitches out when people join, but LAN games work just fine.This game is outstanding, beautiful, addictive, and i could not ask for more."
76561198097557906,Recommended,322110,29105474,Posted: 7 January,all,Smoke,"The year is 20XX. Everyone plays Fox at TAS levels of perfection. Because of this, the winner of a match depends solely on port priority. The RPS metagame has evolved to ridiculous levels due to it being the only remaining factor to decide matches."
,Recommended,322110,34307635,Posted: 17 August,all,ProphecyLive,"I'm recommending this as a huge Mega Man/2d platformer fan and as someone who generally dislikes roguelikes and procedurally-generated levels. The gameplay is just deliciously good - movement and control feels absolutely perfect and is waited nicely, the weapons feel powerful and have a nice impact on enemies, wall jumping and dashing are easy to pull off and responsive.I think the fact that I like it so much shows just how good the core gameplay is, given that I don't like roguelikes or procedural stuff.One thing I think this game does do well is rewards. Some roguelikes are too stingy with rewards, especially permanent ones, and it makes progress tedious. I think this game gives you just enough rewards at just the right rate that you find yourself constantly getting further and further each run. The furthest I've gotten so far is 5 bosses beaten.Now, having said all that, I'd gladly pay $10 for a story-mode DLC that has handcrafted levels and has a structure like traditional Mega Man games.My ultimate dream scenario is Capcom hiring Batterystaple/Fire Hose to make a new Mega Man series. Mega Man XX, maybe?"
,Recommended,322110,26322073,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,progect savior,"okay. this is going to be a good and bad review on 20XX version .964b. fair warning, i am bias as i have played the MMX series, mega man and bass, megaman ZX 1 and 2 as well as the entire zero series. notto mention the devs could pull a starbound. also i'm terrible at speling and grammer.also if you are SERRIOUSLY if you're  looking for a mega man game to play, GO LOOK SOMEWHERE ELSE. CAUSE THIS GAME ISN'T FOR YOU AT ALL. okay? it might take insparation from the mega man serries, but this isn't megaman.THIS is 20XX. and it WILL make it's name known to you.also get off that ♥♥♥♥ing hype trian, it'll kill your experinces in ALL of gaming.all right now that that's outta the way, here we go.THE ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT:this game has great control, better than any other game i  have ever played in my life. and that's including all of the games listed above. why? there's no momentum conservation, and that's a GOOD thing.the game has two charecters that you can do runs with. spoilers as to who they are and what they play like.the game gets patched, hotfixed, and genrally well taken care of EXTREMELY OFTEN. ALL OTHER GAME DEVS TAKE ♥♥♥♥ING NOTE!the good.the games difficulty is a bit higher than most games of the action platformer types but generally it's still fair.....for the most part.....the weapons are responsive for the most part as well and hit like trucks when you learn to use them right. and each weapon has it's own niche use....well except for one that's overidded later on.the power ups are easy to access and there are some that in general are unbelieveably broken, but are limited to having only one of that catagory. not mention when charged this game actually makes the hit box bigger for projectiles. THANK YOU!the nutral:while there is online co-op at this point in time almost no one plays it. so i can't cover that, nor can i cover local mode.while it will take a while the number of stage generations are VERY limited for this game. but makes both a good and a bad thing, so it is nutral.the starting area is good as it is, bbut does make me personally wish just a bit that it was more fleshed out.the story is hidden within data lore, trasitions between runs, and in the item decriptions. as well as charecter interactions withthe two scientists at the end of every stage who give....""helpful""......advice.a mix of synthetic pop and techno that i simply love! but you may HATE. it's well composed, but it's still a group of music that can be GREATLY DISPISED!the bad:games that end don't feel completely satifying to me but also to some others who dislike rougelike endings. THIS IS STILL PARAMOUNT.the game can get repeditive. very. very. quickly. much to many people's dismay who haven't played in months. some up to a year.some items that shall not be named in this section are kinda......iffy.WARNING MAJOR SPOILERS AND RANT AHEAD IN THE NEXT SETIONPLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF HELL PATCH:the attrociously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t stage design in the ending levels for EVERY AREA. i know the game generates based on tile formations but GOD DAMN IT, TRAPS GO CRAZY FOR NO GOD DAMN REASION! to the point that in multiple cases it's the stage hazards that kill you out of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t design that relies on you to have something to counter it, when in 90% of the time YOU DON'T HAVE WHAT YOU NEED BECAUSE IT'S RARE AS ALL HELL! OR BECAUSE YOUR NOT BUILT TO PULL OFF WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE!ALMOST ALL ARMOR ULTIMATE MODES NEED A BUFF (still not sure about oxjack since i haven't found all the armor pieces yet) AS NOTHING, AND I MEAN NOTHING, COMPARES TO THE POWER OF OWL HAWK THE GOD DAMN WISE! armatort (as far as i know) is the closest, but he doesn't even get close by a country. since he cuts out 85% of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t traps i mentioned earlier with his hazard sheild and knock back immunity. but draco serphant? nope. the guy who plays to the basic attack is the last place guy? possibly. as half fully charged shots on command are nice, the things are still only half fully charged, they aren't ultra charged, meaning you still have manully charge the shots up, but you don't just instantly charge to ultra, nope you gotta go through all three phases! and unlike armatort who can make up for his kinda seemingly lack luster ultimate, his becomesmore powerful as you face more traps. and there are a WIDE variety of traps that he makes you immune to. owl hawk grants enhanced power damage and effects. key word there, EFFECTS. and those effects don't negat a entire chunk of the armor! meanwhile the dracoserphant the vile nearly comepletely negas the helment!then there's  the fact that game HEAVILY tries to force you to use powers and put away your buster! so theonly two playstyles that actually work are hybrid and power ONLY styles of play.next up and the reason to the thing prior to this is, and this is no laughing matter for a game like this where it lives and dies by it's replayablity, THERE ARE BARELY ANY ITEMS AND YOU CAN ONLY HOLD 3 BOSS POWERS AT ONCE! NOT MENTION YOU HAVE CHOOSE BETWEN A POTENTAL ABLITY, MONEY, OR THAT BOSSES ABLITY!ugh.....basicly the game needs more items and less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t traps toward the end. and a serrious buff to some stuff.however, even with all it's flaws, bull♥♥♥♥♥♥and shine is  the game worth it?VERY.VERY.MUCH.YES.sure, what i just said in ""this needs to be patched"" is a MAJOR issue that will haunt a LOT of people who like sticking to the only weapons with infinate ammo. but god damn the rest does it's best to cover those issues up and it normally works so, SO god damn well. and it's in BETA. i know people will take that last section as hate, but i love this game, and sometimes you just gotta be honest, you gotta hit something where it hurts if you  want it to improve in this case, and you do it because you love the game. peace."
76561198016318816,Recommended,322110,17706135,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Dec_Com,░░░░░░░░░░▄▄█▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█████▄▄█▄░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▀██████▄▄██░░░░░░▄██░░█░█▀░░▄▄▀█░█░░░▄▄▄▄▄█████░░██░░░▀▀░▀░█▀▀██▀▀▀█▀▄█████░█░░▀█░▀▀▀▀▄▀░░░███████▀░▀▀█▄░██▄▄░▀▀▀▀█▀▀▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▄████████▀▀▀▄▀░░░░██████░▀▀█▄░░░█▄░░░░░▀▀▀▀█▄▄▀░██████▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░░░록맨+로그라이크거기다 코옵까지 지원합니다. 로컬코옵 온라인코옵 둘다.그리고 개발자가 꽤나 의욕적인(?) 사람이라 업데이트도 꾸준히 하고있습니다. 초창기와 지금을 비교하면 거의 다른 게임이 됐다고 봐도 무방할 정도로요.
76561198167313622,Recommended,322110,24084586,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,itS a Gift,Love this Game! Strongly Recommended Top!!   Add me if u wana paly :D
,Recommended,322110,27350804,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A rather spooky fellow,"I have high hopes for this game. But you know what they say about hope... it rides alone. As I often do while playing single player. It gets better with every update.Essentially, in 20XX - you play as one of two heroes. Nina the jump/shoot girl and Ace the jump/slice guy. But there are no heroes left in man.If you die,YOU WILL NEVER HAVE ANOTHER HERO!YOU WILL NEVER HAVE ANOTHER CHANCE!YOU WILL FALL BECAUSE YOU NEVER TRIED TO STAND FOR YOURSELF!"
,Recommended,322110,23756396,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rai,"Do you like Megaman X? How about Rogue-likes? If you answered yes to both, you will absolutely love this game. I never thought a combo as weird as that would work, but it did and it blew me away. I can't stop playing this game, it's so addicting! It's also got online and local multiplayer if that's your thing. I can't reccommend this game enough. Please, please check it out if you're a Megaman X fan."
76561198299236832,Recommended,322110,23715225,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Terravisu,"The gameplay, art, and soundtrack are fantastic. The developers are extremely active and making solid improvements on a regular basis too."
,Recommended,322110,23718949,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Rukrio,"Rougelite Megaman X with a Newgrounds-esque artstyle and a level of polish that's worth looking into for being an Early Access game.just about every death i've had so far is chalked up to me being an idiot, or hazards in some pieces being dickishly placed (this part being rare), with one death being when i didn't kill an enemy before taking on a challenge room and leaving said challenge room AND DYING because said enemy was basically camping me out there.but aside from all the dying, there's a spark somewhere in this game, and the devs clearly want to see it through to launch. on the title screen there's a reminder of how long until the next patch. and it usually is small stuff, but considering what all is in the game so far, i'm intrigued as to seeing where this game will go considering how punctual the devs are in updating the game. i especially want to see more 'Core Mods' and more upgrades in general.Verdict: it's okay, but wait unless you need a Megaman fix now, in which case this game does deliver in spades with a rougelite spin."
,Recommended,322110,23985011,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FloomingGonzo,Wow this game is amazing so so good its like reliving the good old days of megaman. If you compare this to the new mighty no.9 this game hands down is the best
76561198094866805,Recommended,322110,21272093,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,MadVulcan Trade.Tf,I make veeeery little if not any reviews and i just want to say... MEGA MAN X9 need i say more. Yes? Well fine! People complain about the diffculty and i get where they are are coming and if you arent experienced in the action platforming then you may get a little annoyed (even if you know deep down you love it ;D) but any fan of Mega Man or Rouge Legacy HECK even Super Meat Boy you will have very very happy and great time with this game and i cant reccomend this game enough!
76561198056236289,Recommended,322110,15679539,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Brayd of Guy,Really fun ideas and tight controls. Mega man fans will delight. I had lots of frame rate issues. Its still early in development and I absolutely cannot wait for the final product.
76561198039653890,Recommended,322110,17520830,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,RainbowSparkle91,"I recommend this game based currently on a quick bit of playing myself, and a look through on the other reviews. This game has a great deal of progress, and I look forward what they hope to bring into the game in the future.The levels I tinkered around in were brutal, which of course is something not all platformers these days really do and was thus a welcome change. I am figuring that by the time this reaches beta stage hopefully the controls won't be as finiky. When I use that word, I'm referring to the fact that there is no 'scooting' currently involved (or at least not while using a Logitech controller, modeled after the XBOX 360 ones). You can't lightly tap the d-pad left or right and scoot forward a bit, instead you seem to take two to three steps forward. Combined with somewhat delayed reactions from button presses on my end, this naturally resulted in some amusing (and frustrating) moments.However, I believe such problems will be resolved in good time, and given that Megaman isn't seeing any progress of late from Capcom, its good to see others trying to keep its spirit alive and well."
76561198090834160,Recommended,322110,17647179,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,AlienRain101,"Admittedly due to being in early access there is less content then I would like. Thus far I've only found one different primary weapon per character, for example. Also, the game's controls are a little bit floaty. That's not necessarily a negative, as it makes the characters feel much more agile and cool, but it also makes them hard to control in certain circumstances. Aside from that, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game. The levels are generated in a fun way, the music is amazing, I like the main character designs and the boss banter (though admittedly two of the bosses are kind of just big objects sitting  in the middle of the screen :p) and the gameplay really does capture the feel of later Megaman games. It's pretty nice."
76561198055680318,Recommended,322110,18039206,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,CanadianSportsCenter,I'm a Megaman and Megaman X junkie.  This game brings the best of both worlds.  If you like fast paced classic platform I would highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,322110,18072160,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,I hate the cartoony art.Everything else is perfect.
,Recommended,322110,19289908,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ForteDS,"A love letter to the Megaman X series in the form of this delightful Roguelike. With two characters and two playstyles, this is the first Co-op Mega Man style game of it's kind released outside of Korea, and a well done one at that.Find upgrades and power ups in stores and various boxes through the level, weapon crates with new primary weapons , and defeat bosses to choose to take their special weapon, a random power up, or some extra pocket cash for stores. 8 bosses with 4 stages as of this review, all scaling in difficulty as you play through. Pick and choose various skulls to increase the difficulty of each runthrough as you see fit, ranging from longer stages to adding more enemies, from no health drops through the whole run to spikes and pits instant kill, and more. The game updates every two weeks, and new things are always being added. If you are a fan of any side scrolling Mega Man game, it's well worth the price of admission, and you will get your money's worth in just the first hour alone."
,Recommended,322110,20515114,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Clutchless,"This is one of the only games I have ever reviewed. It is AWESOME, and it is being ACTIVELY DEVELOPED. If you are reading to make a decision, I am here to tell you thatYES you should buy this game.However, in the interest of being informative (as you, the discerning review reader desire), here are some flaws with the current state of this EARLY ACCESS game.It crashes. At least it crashes in co-op, which is about 80% of my playtime. It typically does NOT crash during actual gameplay, though. I can live with some bugs, but a full-fledged crash can be problematic.It has a ""busy"" art style. I think it's easy to criticize the art style just by virtue of it beingdifferentfrom a Megaman game while nailing the gameplay so well. The art grew on me, but it can be INCREDIBLY difficult to see exactly what is going on. I think some desaturation of the backgrounds might aleve some of this, but who knows. There is probably a lot to it.No hint at modding tools yet. With the way the level chunks are used, I feel like it would be insane to get some community made level pieces in the mix."
76561198264806742,Recommended,322110,20553534,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,76561198264806742,I would reccomend this game to all Megaman fans.The bosses are easier than the stages are to be honest.An the game certainly feels very polished and is very enjoyable to play despite being pretty tough.However in fair critism I feel like this game doesn't do anything to expand on what made the Megaman games great in trying to emulate those games. An its characters are basically Rockman and Zero from the Megman X series respectively.However its still a great title and worth the 12$ if you're looking for something to put some hours into.
76561197976530810,Recommended,322110,21130837,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,RockmanJL9981,can't get this to run in 64 bit windows 7 for the life of me--works fine in 32bit version tho
76561198020970409,Recommended,322110,16111288,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,inginben,its fun...play it....love it....that is all
,Recommended,322110,17225824,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,William Shakesman,"Still early access, review date 7/25/2015Roguelike Mega Man X? Why didn't anyone think of this before? Oh, because randomly generated platforming levels tend to suck.That's the thing though, here they don't. In fact, they feel more authentically Mega Man-ish than most Mega Man fan games. Tricky platforming that isn't trying to be a Meat Boy gimmick of spikes everywhere and forced linear paths. The levels are good, the bosses are fun, this is a solid game and easily worth playing even in its current early access state.  Complete with the options to play as genderswapped girl Mega Man or genderswapped boy Zero, dozens of roguelike-ish items to pick up and unlock and buy. Keep an eye on this one for sure."
,Recommended,322110,23804987,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dean Winchester,"Game is everything you expect in a ""Megaman"" style game with also the goodness of rougelike action."
,Recommended,322110,23618470,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Nighthawk2088,This is a great blend of Megaman and a Roguelike. I have had a lot of fun playing (and continue to do so.) I'm hoping to see great things from the finished version but already it's showing great promise. Keep it up!
,Recommended,322110,24123722,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,garballax,"I used to play 20XX to pass the time until MN9 came out. Now I play 20XX to FORGET about MN9.Very much an arcade sort of game, good for those with short OR long attention spans. There's even some completionist elements in there, with seeing all the collectibles you can get. Great game, I highly reccomend it if you like the idea of an arcade Mega Man game."
,Recommended,322110,24027518,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,UNCLE TOUCHY AND THE CREAMY BOIS,It's MMX. It's a RogueLike. It's better than Mighty No. 9.get it
,Recommended,322110,18271166,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,jest,"Had a controller issue, got a quick response on the forum.  Dev added a new option to fix it in the following update.The game itself is very good.  It's a procedurally generated arcade roguelike ala Rogue Legacy, where you use bling picked up during runs to unlock weapons/powers for future attempts.  You choose which stage/boss order to tackle Megaman Style.  You can take their powers after defeating them.There's a melee character with unique weapons and movesets (huge plus for me) and a traditional Megaman shooter who can charge projectiles.Controls are responsive and fun, moreso than Megaman itself.  You can chain wall jumps, dash, and do dash jumps.  You have a lot of air control with no momentum applied, so the movement feels responsive.  Jump height is controlled by how long you hold the jump button.  Everything is rebindable, even if you're playing with a controller.There's also online coop and Spelunky daily challenges if you like to compete."
,Recommended,322110,19592369,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Arca,Thanks to the update to the shader system my potato-based laptop can finally play this game.
,Recommended,322110,19663186,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,orange237,"This game is unbelievably good, I'm already completely addicted to it after playing for less than an hour. If you like Megaman games and/or roguelikes don't even hesitate, do yourself a huge favor ang get this NOWWWWWW"
76561197961629109,Recommended,322110,19887082,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JamJamIX,Like Megaman? Got 15 minutes to game before you gotta take off? You can't go wrong with 20XX.  Get yourself a steamlink and 20XX's couch co-op shines.
,Recommended,322110,15663105,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,springah,"if you're into classic or X megaman, this is awesome."
76561198018234623,Recommended,322110,17162053,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Hellfire Flare,"Im really happy with this game and i really enjoy playing every single minute of it.The music is good,the controls are tight and bosses are exciting the further you go in the stages.The only small issue i have with the game is the lack of (any) lore.Also i don`t understand what is the point of spending...coins?... in the ark when i cannot even take the powerups i take on the missions."
,Recommended,322110,22914539,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SlugFiller,"If you've somehow managed to watch all the way through the trailer and still haven't purchased it, there may be something wrong with you. Never the less, let me help you a bit, by listing the things that make this game awesome.Super-tight controls. This takes the freedom of movement it took all the way up to Megaman Zero to perfect, and then makes it even better. Get ready to dash-wall-jump off a wall, over an enemy, turn, shoot, backtrack, and grab onto a small platform with your head for another wall-jump.Excellent platforming play. Ground? What ground? While it can be a bit frustrating in the Sky Temple, with its countless traps, the game fully has you making accurate leaps from one tiny platform to another, or going up and down walls, or doing disappearing block puzzles. What more, the randomly generated levels prevent you from getting too ""muscle memory"" with the jumps. While the levels are still primarily linear, they do have you going left, right, up, and down. You're not just going screen by screen clearing enemies, but also having to watch your movement at the same time.The soundtrack! Oh, the soundtrack! Brandon Ellis is a genius. I could spend pages explaining it, but it'd be faster if you just looked it up and listened to it.They have a reddit in which they take user input into consideration. The game is seeing improvement after improvement, with regular updates still coming out.Plus, there's something to be said about how Roguelikes can have you coming back to the same game, time after time, and still having fun.Oh, and it has cool power ups and graphics and whatnot. But seriously, how did you make it all the way down here and STILL haven't bought this game? BUY THIS GAME!!Also, coop multiplayer: SO AWESOME! Buy copies for all your friends!(Or, you know, play local. But who does that nowadays?)"
,Recommended,322110,24964691,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Daedalus,"Kudos to SGB for playing this and getting me interested.2.7 hoursThis is the time I spent the day I got this game and the only reason I stopped was that I didn't want to burn myself out on this and not finish Robobot Planet. In those two hours I got the best experience of a difficult and fair platformer shooter that I enjoyed greatly in the Megaman X and Zero series. Admittedly I played only Ace as I had more experience in Megaman Zero than in X(Ive beaten all Zero games and ZX/ZXA, but only have beaten X and X2), but that didnt change the genuine feel that both the series gave me. With Capcom being as oblivious as boulders with the disgusting amount of neglect Megaman has had over the last few years, this game fills that void that Megaman fans have had since the legends 3 and Megaman Universe cancelation, and wash off any possible mud stains left from Mighty No.9.Now for points instead of gushing.Pros:-Classic Megaman Feel-2 Character options that change gameplay greatly-Varied level designs via the procedural generation-Good Music(Subjective)-Good Visuals(Also Subjective)-Difficult-Co-op(Both Local and Online, it's new and I haven't taken part in it yet but my hopes are high)Cons:-As of now, only a not very big pool of items available(I haven't gotten them all but from how large the collection room is and how large each item is on the shelves I have about 45-50% of items already)-Random level generation can seem familiar as certain parts get reused in the same level on occasion-Later levels can get very bullet hell like which can lead to difficulty being a con, usually the difficulty spike is around the 5th or 6th level.-Runs can be very heavily dependant on the items aquired, much like any rogue-likeThe game also features the daily challenge and weekly challenge system for those of you who enjoy trying for high scores on leaderboards.As of now, the game seems great and it can only get better. I'd give the game a solid 8.6/10 and I reccomend it to megaman fans and rogue-like players as both can find something enjoyable about the game. ANd if you happen to like both, then double the fun."
,Recommended,322110,23842976,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Innoculis,This is the Mega Man game I want.  It's the one you want too...
,Recommended,322110,24818602,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,AppleSead,"So as a huge fan of the Megaman series, I enjoyed the relationship that this game had to the series. If you like any type of game that is like Rouge Legacy, then you will like this game. Without going into what the actual game entails, if you like those two games, you will like this game."
,Recommended,322110,23739858,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SP_Slizer,"I picked this up at the start of the summer sale, and after only two hours into it, I am loving it.I had been playing Mega Man Xtreme (GBC) on VBA and the SNES counterpart; the transistion into this game was smoother than I was expecting, even though I knew it was based off of that game and their sequels.The multiplayer aspect is really nice, even with the few and far between bugs. No screen dragging a player into their death here!My only gripe is that there is no option to enable auto-charging and/or rapid fire as Nina, options in Mega Man Xtreme that were rather nice to have, especially in the middle of a bullet-hell boss fight when you can't hold down fire to charge because you're spamming jump.I highly recommend this game to fans of the Mega Man X games and classic side-scrolling platformers."
76561198012027144,Recommended,322110,23986983,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Darkronis,"the game that mighty No.9 should of been, coming from a die hard mega man fan, really really good, now I just really hope It comes out finished and feature complete so I can start really playing it alot, dont want to ruin the fun by burning my self out on early access!"
,Recommended,322110,24172257,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,J1K,dont trust sketchy lab teleporters
,Recommended,322110,23828540,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Shuijin,"I have waited a long long Time for Mighty No. 9 but soon as I started playing this game all was forgotten and in never bought Mighty No. 9 because this game is absolutely Awesome!!!!I expected nothing from this Game and got more than I wanted!!!This Game has everything you expect in a ""Megaman"" style game with also the good Aspects of rougelike Games.For me this kind of Game is now called ""Megavania"" ;D"
76561198034938565,Recommended,322110,23868664,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Patapolis,the ideal remedy for those afflicted with PMN9 (Post Mighty Number 9) blues.
,Recommended,322110,23885194,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mitchykins (ミッチキンズ),"Kinda a weird world we live in when the fan, indie re-imagining of Mega/Rockman X with rogue like elements, in early access is better than the official 4 million dollar, 4 years in development, already finished Re-imagining of Mega/Rockman"
76561198036684715,Recommended,322110,25674000,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Anxarcule,"I played Mega Man 2 & 3 to death as a kid and when this popped up on my radar I checked out a few videos and it looks great.  I love roguelikes and wondered how a mega man inspired rouguelike would play out as it sounded great in theory.  I've played ~2 hours at this point and just beat the game for the first time having a blast on normal mode.  EVen though this is early access it is perfectly playable - I imagine you can break the game with specific item combinations but that's the case for most rougelikes (you can also get shafted with items - part of the fun of the RNG).I haven't yet tried online co-op (it's alpha at this stage) but from what I hear it is very playable and can't wait to fire this up with my brother.  Music is amazing, graphics are really pretty, and overall it is a great game.My only gripe is that there are too few enemies types, but that is understable being in EA. Also I would highly recommend implementing a way to view all unlocked powerups similar to Risk of Rain.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,322110,28973285,Posted: 3 January,all,dudeanonymous,"As someone who grew up playing Mega Man X I had high expectations for this game, and it met every single one of them. It has multiple game modes, multiplayer, and multiple characters with different playstyles. New weapons can be found in game as well as powerups and augments that make you more powerful as you continue in a roguelike megaman run. I have not tried multiplayer, but I assure you that I will be convincing a friend to buy this game so that we can experience everything it has to offer. Buyit/10"
,Recommended,322110,25816365,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Syndralix,"I have no nostalgia for Mega Man, but this game is REALLY fun and addicting. There is a brief tutorial, but the game as a whole is a very ""pick-up-and-play"", ""learn-as-you-go"" kind of deal. The presentation is intuitive, the controls feel good, and the difficulty level is just a touch easier than the average rougelike.The art and animation do their jobs just fine, but the overall aesthetic of the game reminds me of Flash a lot. Whether that's a problem or not depends on taste. Also, being a rougelike, there's a chance that you'll get a level layout which completely screws you over if you don't have the right platforming abilities. It's part of the rougelike package - you either deal with it or see yourself out the door.IN SUMMARY: If Mighty No. 9 disappointed you, 20XX might just cheer you up again."
76561198028025229,Recommended,322110,28947900,Posted: 2 January,all,DeathJinx#11756,this game is well done and everything i wanted it to be and more.
,Recommended,322110,29093435,Posted: 7 January,all,Owl,"This game is really great! Multiplayer is really fun with a friend! It's like Megaman + Risk of Rain. Really loving this title, and how you can do things safely and methodically, or just go crazy and speed through it all once you get the fun items. If you like old school platformers, try this game out. If you have a friend that plays, even better!"
,Recommended,322110,29186497,Posted: 11 January,all,Souls,"It brought much sadness in my life when Capcom threw the Megaman series out the door and I lost hope after the creator of the series made a failed attempt to make a spiritual sucessor A.K.A Mighty No. 9... then 20XX came along and brought me happiness. Perma-death was a great idea for this game and Co-Op allows me to share the joy with my friends. Control response is great, the items you can pick-up during gameplay gives every play style a chance to succeed and the option to change the play style on the go, and the random stage format makes the game a more interesting experience. I bought myself and someone else this game and I will probably be buying copies for a few more friends as gifts. Eat your heart out Mighty No. 9! This is how it's suppose to be done!!!"
,Recommended,322110,28951214,Posted: 2 January,all,CodeThief,WOW! Absolutely loving this and can't wait to see what future development brings.  Thoroughly recommended for platforming roguelike fans.
76561197994795120,Recommended,322110,22340466,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,VidNinja,"Rouge-like homage to the Megaman X franchise, with Co-op. Analogs to X and Zero are both in the game. Terrific art and animations. Gameplay is bog-standard MMX, but the randomized levels and powerups keep it a little fresh every run. Content is a little animec at this point in the Early Access, but patches are frequent."
,Recommended,322110,24150598,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Haz-Matt,"♥♥♥♥ MN9, this is way more of a megaman successor than MN9 can even dream of being. Oh and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the music is so good"
,Recommended,322110,32941663,Posted: 28 June,all,Healer_LFG,"Fantastic little ""not megaman"" roguelike.  It's a bit more fast paced than classic Megaman, more toward the speed of the Megaman Zero games.   The Co-op is wonderfully simple, just, have a buddy jump in (local or online), and boom, 2 people playing it together.  Makes ya wonder why *other* megaman clones made a big deal about online play being difficult to implement... *cough*mightynumber*9cough*"
76561197993603893,Recommended,322110,23627225,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sarcastro,"Someone had the brilliant idea to mash Rogue Legacy and Megaman X together, and it may actually be greater than the sum of its parts. The randomly generated levels and bosses work pretty seamlessly, most of the small details are there, and the soundtrack is already killer. If this game continues to get better (or even releases as is), it will be a breakout hit."
,Recommended,322110,23609245,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,terceljr,"I love this game. Devs keep up with the updates and even have a timer for them on the title screen. There's still issues with some foreground blending in to the background as well as some enemies, but some color swaps and saturations can fix it.If the devs are reading this comment. PLEASE! I'm begging you to see what you guys can do with the coop online. it's really fun jumping around with friends, but there's still issues with invisible platforms and horrible lag. Can you also make it so that you can make purchases with your own nuts as well? The controls are solid and responsive. Levels are fairly complex. Updated bosses are getting better. Wish there was a final boss of some sort or a survival mode or a versus mode where you race through the stage against a friend and try to beat it before they do or accumulate more points than them.the games worth picking up if you love the megaman X series and since they're still updating it, it'll only get better."
,Recommended,322110,23739660,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,WerewolfX,I literally lost two hours of my life in this fun Megaman throwback. After being disappointed with Mighty no.9. this was a breath of fresh air and it is Co-OP too!
,Recommended,322110,23912203,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,rshanks85,"I was very hestiant about the rogue-like elements (not typically my cup of tea) but I took a chance on it and I'm very glad I did. It's super fun, the movement and attack mechanics feel great, the power-ups are varied and the game has a good sense of humor. Highly addictive, highly replayable, and highly recommended."
,Recommended,322110,23913055,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,RahbBebopin,Mighty No. 9/10. Get this game!
,Recommended,322110,23940840,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Darios,"The perfect blend of Megaman X, roguelikes, and co-op."
76561197989094353,Recommended,322110,23896520,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Big Rickeo,"It's a great homage to the Mega Man X series.  I'm hoping they add some end-game content as once you beat the 8 bosses, the game is over."
,Recommended,322110,23933036,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,kambiing,"I haven't play number 9, so wouldn't compare them.With that being saidGameplay : proper megaman clone, which is a good thing considering *ahem*, stuff.Now, there are several things that are really not megaman which MIGHT (sorry.) change in the future1. Rougelike-permadeath which reminds me of rouge legacy2. weekly/daily challange3. co op (super alpha)4. randomized level runsConclusion : 20XX is the sort of game you can play in between work because of its arcady nature. OR, just grind through like an arcade maniac."
,Recommended,322110,23954580,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ＤＥＶＥＳＩＤＩＧＩ,"Obligatory megaman-fan loyalty review;Have you ever wanted to see an ill-intended feminism-free megaman game?Buy this, it is way ""better than nothing""."
76561198010525195,Recommended,322110,34438804,Posted: 23 August,all,PeskyJim,"U like Mega Man X? Buy this game!U like The Binding of Isaac? Buy this game even more!U like Mighty No. 9? ... yeah, I though so...I still can get over the fact that I kickstarted Mighty No.♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I helped that piece of womit to walk on two feet just to give everybody the finger. Anyway.Thank you devs for showing us that its not always about the money and that there is still hope for our retro hero's to be reborn in todays world.Oh, and THE SOUNDTRACK IS FREAKING AWESOME!!!4 million...."
,Recommended,322110,34470195,Posted: 24 August,all,INTJ9,"20XX is a roguelite, side scrolling, action, shooter. If you are or were a fan of Mega Man X, you will be a fan of this game. The game features our two heroes, Ace and Nina. Nina is the blue bomber of the duo with her blaster and blue suit, Ace is the swordmaster of the duo with his laser saber (other types of melee weapons are available). The progression of the game features 9 procedurally generated levels with a boss at the end. After the boss, you receive a choice of either a weapon related to the boss you defeated, currency to be used in the levels, or a power up for your run. Soul chips you collect throughout your run can be used after you finish to buy a larger item pool or options for each run and permanent upgrades for each run that can be turned on or off. You may also buy powerups from a choice of 3 for your next run.Graphics/Art:20XX stems from the art of the SNES era with being pixels and 2D, but I step up from old SNES era games. The art style is satisfactory and has a semblence of it's spiritual predecessor with using robots for 90% of everything in the game, this includes taking animals and using a robot twist.Where I believe could have been improved on the art is the impact of the armor sets. On my first few runs of getting armor, I had no idea that my looks actually changed. I would recommend changing the color hue or making more drastic distinctions between each armor set. If you look at megaman, he is almost completely blue, so the introduction of a white/larger armor feels like a significant change. While Nina and Ace include multiple colors by design, the aquiring of new armor doesn't change the colors or overall feeling of complexity in the armor.Still, this is very nitpicky, the overall feeling of the style is very spot on.Quick extra note, the cutscenes could use some touching up and seem very rigid. They feel more of a slideshow over a cutscene. Seeing the addition of something more fluid and comprehensible would be great.Music:No complaints, music is great and have nostalgic feelings of its blue predecessor.Mechanics:Controls feel very tight. The following mechanics are present from the beginning for each run: jumping, dashing, shooting, gripping the wall, and charging (for stronger shots). One of the techniques that must be learned very quick is the jump dash, which is just a combination of the two. Most deaths in this game feel like a fault of the player's skill, not the game. There are only a few cases where I felt the game was at fault, but that is not from the mechanics, but how the stage was set up.Stages:The stages are procedurally generated and include a myriad of obstacles and hoops to jump through: moving platforms, stationary lasers, spikes, pitfalls, various enemies, and ice. Most stages feel like a floating platform in an open space rather than something like a closed tunnel. As it is, I think that the variety between the levels is not vast enough in terms of it's aesthetic appeal. Many of the stages include similar mechanics in each one with a different palette hue between them. The only differentiator in this is the ice which is isolated to the ice level. Take this with a grain of salt, each level is still fun and great to play and this is a great base to start from and as this game grows, this could easily change.Progression:As the game progresses, you will find powerups and new pieces are armor that give you the feeling of growing stronger while at the same time, not completely breaking the mold. They do allow you to bend the rules, but not break them. Examples of this are getting stronger so you one shot enemies or getting boots that double jump. Powerups can range from simple extra attack to receiving bonuses for mismatching armor pieces.One of the best cases in progression does not actually come from the player, but actually from the stages and bosses. As you progress through the game, you will find that the enemies change colors and their design includes more features to show greater strength. Platforming and jumping puzzles become faster and start to include more features. Bosses also become faster, stronger, and some of them include different mechanics that are unlocked at reaching a life threshold. For example, there is a mole(?) boss that rides a wheel with blades, if you fight him early it's a straighforward fight, but if you fight him later, after you beat him he splits into two smaller versions of himself that you have to beat. This is a great example of progression and I hope the developer continues this trend, either building the game more horizontally, with more bosses, obstacles, traps, etc, or vertically, pushing the game past 9 stages in some way.Multiplayer:As a reference, I have tried only the local co-op two player mode. I don't know if there are other modes, but this is the one I tried. In a word, it's great. Both players share currency items and upgrades double spawn for each player, including the boss rewards. The camera pulls out further depending on how far each player is from each other. I prefer this to something like split screen because it is less jarring on transition and feels like more a gradual transition. Although, if it were possible, I wish that the player could choose to either have a slow pull out or a transition to split screen on camera threshold.Other details, if your partner dies you will have a chance to revive them at points in each levels for a certain amount of your health. For the upgrades, some of them apply to each person on one person picking it up, so only one person needs to do a platforming section, but sometimes, depending on the upgrade (like armor), both will have to pick it up.Closing:20XX is a great throwback and has tons of potential for the future. You can play it with your friends and family in local co-op quite easily. The progression is great in both the player and their surroundings. The game includes a decent amount of content warrant for a purchase. The greatest strength for this game is in its design, it is a great base from which to build upon. If the developer adds and updates this game, you could easily see more characters, mechanics, powers, bosses, etc.The art style could use some work as well as some of the aethetics of the game to feel more distinct between stages. Also, the game could use more work in the cutscene department."
76561198066441385,Recommended,322110,24903985,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Stupei Iori: Ace Defective,"If you like MegaMan X. Get this game as soon as you can! It's tons of fun just going through the randomly generated levels, getting new powers, blasting away at enimies, and dash jumping everywhere! This game also has co op, so if you have a buddy that is into this style of game, you both can have an amazing time.If Mighty No. 9 dissapointed you. then, this should be the replacement that'll stick with you for a long time"
76561198226902928,Recommended,322110,25490843,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Volnutt,"This is a game I think any Mega Man fan (especially X series fans) could enjoy.Especially if you played Mighty Number 9 and weren't satisfied.It's Mega Man X done in a rogue-like format.So, it can be pretty darn fun.I guess my only complaint would be that I'm not a fan of the playable character's designs.It's like off-brand X and Zero. They should've taken a bit more liberty with their designs.Also, I tried playing co-op online and never did find a match.But local co-op worked perfectly. Playing with a friend is a lot of fun, and works a lot better than many other co-op platformers I've played.Hopefully the online is fixed for the final release (unless there was literally no one playing online when I was searching).If you're a big Mega Man fan, you should definitely check this game out."
,Recommended,322110,34451491,Posted: 23 August,all,NinjaBobXZ33,"Very fun game!  I have been a Huge Mega Man fan for almost 25 years now.  And an even Bigger fan of Mega man X.  Especially the X games on the super Nintendo.  In my eyes, after X4 the games started going down hill.  This game, 20XX, is very similar to the X series the way I love them but it is not completely the same.  It feels much faster then the original X games.  In a lot of ways that is very good.  I love how I have to react really fast if I want to avoid getting hit.  There is A LOT more platforming in this game which is good and bad.  I love platforming but sometimes it is the only challenge ahead of you.  When there are obstacles to dodge and enemies coming at you WHILE platforming... the game becomes AWESOME!!!  I love the challenge of it.  Sometimes the bright colors of the enemy shots hide with the background (that's aggravating), but most the time there is no problem.  The game overall is really good!  I would recommend this game to any fan of the X series.  It's going to feel a little different but over all it is a breath of fresh air compared to any other Mega Man type games I've played.Things I want out of the game is; More bosses!  Every time I do a run of the game I am facing the same bosses.  I love the idea of procedural games but you don't have to put all of the content in one run.  Have me face 8 bosses in one run and then some different bosses in another run.  Also, I would prefer different enemy types in every level.  Like, each enemy is themed to the stage they are in.  then during the ""Wily/Sigma"" stages you can combine them all to make it feel like you conquered these enemies before, now lets see what you learned, lol.  That would add a lot of variety to this game that I hope happens in the future.  Also, I feel as though the ""Zero"" character needs some work.  The game feels like it was designed for the ""X"" character because of the placement of the enemies with the platforming.  The ""Zero"" character has to put himself in way greater danger to hurt his foes.  I'd say make his sword more powerful against regular enemies and maybe be able to destroy enemy projectiles by slashing at them or something.  But hey, I'm only critiquing my opinions to make this GREAT game even better!  As it is right now, It's a Fantastic game when you play as the X character.  The leveling up of bosses is a great idea!  I just want more bosses. lol.If you are deciding if you should get this game and you are a fan of the SNES Mega Man X games, have no fear.  This game is for you and worth every penny.P.S.  I love how it has Co-op!  I never care if a game gets easier, harder, or just stays the same difficulty when playing 2 players.  People want to play with their friends!  This game did it right!  You might like it better on single player, but who cares! The option to play 2 players is there for you!"
,Recommended,322110,34468883,Posted: 24 August,all,Ferd De Mann,"Amazing game. Everything that was the classic MMX and more! Co-op can be flakey at times, but still a steller experience. Love this game xD"
76561198077048335,Recommended,322110,33255290,Posted: 4 July,all,Gabish,Recommended for Megaman lovers
76561198044033978,Recommended,322110,27488216,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Brandon,"Good Jump and Shoot man game, now with rogue-like items and adventures."
,Recommended,322110,25598465,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,liquid 80,"Discovered this game shortly after playing Mighty No. 9. This game is a better successor to Mega Man (MMX) than that other game was. The rogue like play gives this game infinite replay value. The only thing that put me off at first was the art style, but I appreciate it more now (though I would love sprites).I always find myself coming back to play this game while listening to podcasts or watching youtube vids. PLus this game is updated frequently, there is even a countdown as to when to expect the next update."
76561198130201864,Recommended,322110,14333377,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Falco's Shine,Game is basically CO-OP MEGAMAN (X series mostly) and looks good and If you have problems getting a controller to work then email the developer your log in your game informatin folder
76561198025185129,Recommended,322110,15053059,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Yutsud,Good clean fun
,Recommended,322110,16163818,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Trilon,"Pretty awesome game. It really is a Megaman X mixed with a rogue-like game. Controls are excellent, music is awesome."
,Recommended,322110,18181865,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Party Favor,"I would reccomend this game to anyone who has loved the Megaman X series or loves action platformers. The game fills the gap capcom has left for us Begaman X fans.Pros:Tight solid gameplay, responsive movement, interesting designs, roguelike, great platforming, lots of powerups, local/online co-op. (And you can both play the same character.)Cons:Level design seems repetative (I've only seen 2 or 3 variations of stages so far almost everything is in some kind of sky tower), low enemy variation, sometimes unfair levels due to generator.Who would I reccomend this to? Anyone who loves platformers, and the megaman series/style of games. While it has a few big flaws in my eyes, I say this game is a must for anyone's liabrary."
,Recommended,322110,21010338,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Fyuchanick,"It's everything I loved about rogue legacy all over again except for the boss length, which is compensated for the fact that the bosses respawn every time you do. Almost everything you could want in a roguelike."
76561198143685171,Recommended,322110,16723625,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Jansim,"The controls are excellent and the pace is very challenging.On the downside, you don't really make any game progress as you always restart from level 1, which is not surprising for a rogue-like but I would have expected some kind of permanent power-ups or checkpoints. All you can do is unlock stuff to pick up in the levels.The other main problem is that there is♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere AND it just blends with the background making them super hard to see. That is not really a problem on early levels but as you advance, there is more and more stuff and they do more damage an they are harder to kill. So to emulate a higher difficulty, all the game does is putting more of the same enemies you fought earlier and they do more damage. You don't receive enough health to make up to it. The game literally tells you after the tutorial : ""prepare to die"". I'm pretty sure it meant : ""you are supposed to die and be mad about it"".Keep in mind that I've only played the game for 1 hour and it is not in it's completed state. Later on, you'll be able to play with a friend online and just for that, the game deserves to be played. It's 11$ now and will be 15-16$ when the game is completed but you can expect to be on sale at some point.I hope you found this review helpful."
76561198067170568,Recommended,322110,15577596,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,randomsword,"This game (so far) is an extremely fun rogue-like that may compete with Binding of Isaac to be my favourite. The controls are solid (even on keyboard), the soundtrack is great and the gameplay feels just like Megaman X, which this game takes inspiration from. To top it all off, it's an early access game. I can't wait for the game to get a fulll release, and I expect it to be quite successful and popular."
,Recommended,322110,16353426,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Shadow's Eclipse,This game is awesome and it is still in alpha. A must if you love a mix between rogue legacy without permanent upgrades and megaman x.
,Recommended,322110,16650339,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Firmentus,"I haven't been playing the game for long, but that's becasue of me instantly going into the settings and changing the controls. It is very weird going from something like a Nintendo DS control scheme to remapping them on a computer keyboard.But the reason my time in the game is so low is because I changed the jump key to the up arrow. I now realize that I should have never done that because now I can barely navigate the menus and the game just became unplayable.But this is a minor accident, and can be fixed by reinstalling the game, no harm done if you're only on the first stage like I was.It would be a nice feature if the menu had a 'Reset Controls' button like other games, then when people make this mistake like me, they can fix it in a snap.TL;DR  Don't you dare remap the jump action to your up arrow or any other key, you'll have to reinstall the game. Also, 'Reset Controls' button is requested."
76561198085045446,Recommended,322110,17575647,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Hentie Dj,closest game to megaman on steam thats out untill mighity #9 comes out this games not bad needs lvl select and ducking god if you could duck life would be easy its not bad but not the best in the world if you want megaman id say emulator od ps2 this is not so bad and a fun 2 player for local def worth $11
,Recommended,322110,18178335,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Beard McGeard,"I think I got addicted to it the moment I saw the art. The game is great and it is only in early access. On top of that, the controls are tight, the gameplay is phenomenal and the atmosphere feels just like a new Mega Man X game."
76561198075557721,Recommended,322110,19887521,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[BnM] Victor FS,"Megaman X, with friends!"
,Recommended,322110,20124714,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bilges,If you like Mega Man (especially the X 1-3) and you like stuff like Spelunky or Downwell you're going to like this.
,Recommended,322110,20317100,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Qphen,Good casual platformerFor casual gamer
,Recommended,322110,20544929,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Gachifag,Roguelike + Megaman??!! I think i can die happily now
,Recommended,322110,21028338,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Anteaterman23,"I absolutely love this game! I recommend 20XX to any user, Mega Man fan or not. It has an art style that many seem to hate, but I personally don't mind, two very interesting and unique protaganists, and satisfying action-platforming elements. This game has tons of replayability with many different bosses and daily / weekly challenges, yet more is sure to come in the full release. This game technically has no learning curve, but what's good is that you have to make the learning curve yourself. If you're not that good, start at casual mode and work your way up. And once you've gotten really good at the game, there are plenty of upgrades and skill mods to play around with, plus local and online multiplayer support.Overall, this is a very fun game that I enjoy immensely and recommend highly. As of writing this review, there is currently a sale going on, so I would definitely buy it now. Seriously, this game is good, and if you have a controller, you should play it."
,Recommended,322110,21531341,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Sacrieur,"If you like megaman, you'll like this. Period. Buy it. Buy it right now.My friends and I have logged crazy amounts of hours into it since buying it and it's still fun. You will not be disappointed. This is what Megaman should be. Take notes Capcom."
,Recommended,322110,18175791,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Gunslinger19,"Worth the price of entry. The graphics are a bit stiff and Flash-like, but they get the job done. The music is solid, and its chiptune style matches the tone of the game. Controls are mostly the same as Mega Man X, though wall-sliding is slower here which makes platforming certain areas easier. The randomized levels lack the polish of the games it takes inspiration from and certain segments will quickly become familiar, but for the most part they are fun and the variations keep you interested.Overall, solid effort. It scratched that long-neglected itch I had for Mega Man platforming and put its own spin on things. Can't wait to see where this game goes in full release and what the devs do next."
76561198096869306,Recommended,322110,18893991,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,jowiro92,"I got this game a few months after it came out, and the updates and changes have been phenomenal. By far, the best rogue-like AND platformer I've ever played. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,322110,20142082,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,J-Mac,"This is an excelent game, and it wears its influences on its sleve. If you like the Mega Man X series then this will be a must have. Controls are very responsive, it has great upbeat music that makes you want to get out there and destroy those enemies. Its also a rougelite game with permadeath, plenty of upgrades to make your character stronger. I can't wait till this comes out of early access to see what more the devs add. Its a great game, pick it up, especially you're Mega Man X fans."
,Recommended,322110,20529245,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Rip,why isn't this game more popular. it's ♥♥♥♥ing binding of isaac mixed with mega man x.please buy it
76561197994893654,Recommended,322110,20678832,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,masamune55,"In the year 20XX.......(and at the bottom for those who prefer TL:DR)It was the intro to one of our favorite side scrolling robot blasting platformers for many years. A series that endured and always delivered what it promised. Hard as nails difficulty over a wonderful soundtrack delivered with the same gameplay time and again. In todays market, many complain that games are ""too similar"" or ""Don't do anything to advance the series"" in an accusation of being stale. This is true in some cases, but I've never felt it a negative for others. Megaman was one such series that never grew stale for me. From 1 to 8, then X through X3. I was late to the playstation, so X4 and X5 were missed for me in the beginning. Later, the series would return in the form of Collectors packages (The Megaman Collection, and the X Collection). Again, it proved that there was a desire for these old games, even though mostly unchanged (They did some amazing work with the music in those collections). Then, radio silence. Megaman was abandoned by the company (certainly not the creator, who fought hard for it) and a wonderful idea was thrown away. Megaman Universe. It was a sore disappointment to hear of a game that would play like Megaman, with huge crossover potential and player created levels would be here for limitless potential of fun. Though, it seems that dream lived on in this game.Batterystaple Games picked up the torch that Megaman universe attempted to produce, and began running as hard as they could. For an indie developer, I'm personally amazed at how well they've done here. The game controls as great as any side scrolling platformer of yesteryear or even today. Better than most others. Controls are tight and gameplay is fluid. Never have I felt a cheap death through bad hit detection or input. The only advice I can give, is that the controller is a necessity. Keyboard just isn't going to cut it here. That said, controls on some indie games are shoddy and clearly needed fine tuning in early access or alpha stages. Not so here. Even in Alpha, Batterystaple nailed it.Level design is another area I was nervous about. Roguelikes are a popular breed right now, but often a voxel world is used. Easy enough to procedurally generate, it's significantly harder to do this with side scrolling, non-voxel elements. I was concerned many levels and layouts would look the same. While, Yes, there are a few times in my five hours (and growing) I saw a usual layout, it was always blended into a previous layer or later layer seamlessly. Thankfully, the level design also doesn't reuse different platform layouts in the same level. Meaning it won't be a direct mirror of somewhere in the same level. Speaking of level design, again this is quality stuff from indie developers. Batterystaple really captured level design here, and staged the levels based on how many bosses you've beaten. Level 1 is short with one boss. Level 2 is longer, with a sub boss station. The station features a challenge such as no boosting, not getting hit, or timed completion to give you a reward. Then, later levels have the same layout, but spike throwers added in. By Level 5, the enemies are getting upgrades too. With changed colors (Oh, good ol' pallette swap) come added fireballs. 3-way shots turn to 5. One burst of lasers turn to three. Again, the level ramp-up just proves that rogue like runs in a procedural generation can be done, and done well, if the developer has the right formula to use. These guys sure did.Graphics and Music. This areas great in one, and pretty good in the other. Graphics are perfect to me. They recall the classic 16-bit era with perfection and at no point did I feel the enemies were complete copies of the game that inspired this. Instead, they were the developers own take on them, and done well with their imaginative creations. The music is pretty good, but the one thing I feel could use some help. Not that they're bad, but the same four tunes seem to stand out, especially when certain levels are reused for two bosses. This isn't a negative, by no means, but something that Batterystaple can surely hit on with their race to release. Whats in here is great, to be sure. I just feel theres room for more.Overall, I know it's early alpha, but for the price, I can't argue buying it right now. Help these developers along and get them to release day on this with the money they deserve for putting such a great game into our hands. They took a classic that was once amazing and revitalized it in the way it's own parent company refused long ago. Mighty No. 9 is due to come out soon and while I'll be playing that as well, I feel there are things Batterystaple did here in 20XX that Mighty No. 9 hasn't done yet (and i'll certainly be playing both of these). Perhaps an endless mode is in the cards for that game too, but i've yet to hear of it. 20XX though, it's like an endless mode every time you start. With powerups to buy that drop in the generated levels, daily and weekly seeded challenges to play for fun or bragging rights via leaderboards, Co-op, modifiers that change the game with significant things like ""spikes make you die"" mode, and a second playable character with a laser sword to alternate with, I honestly cannot say anything better about 20XX than i've already said. This games entirely worth it, if you have any love for sidescrolling platformers, and especially the forgotten Megaman franchise, don't wait for a sale. Buy this game and show the love. You won't be disappointed with this.Pros:-Revitalized side-scrolling platformer genre with the perfect 16-bit look and feel-Procedural Generation of levels combined with Rogue Like power up system make each new playthrough different.-Perfect controls and perfect accuracy of side scrolling just ""feels right""-Co-op, Daily, Weekly, and Modified Weekly challenges make a great way to keep interest.-Price is great for this. At 12 bucks, it seems a steal. If on Sale, it pretty much is. The games fully playable with almost no problems found in most Early Access/Alpha games. Polished right from the start.Cons:-Layouts can sometimes start to feel a bit samey if the generation puts some similar components together a few times in a row.-Music is the same four to five songs. While nice, it will be noticable in a longer run including same areas.A final statement. Cons are included just as some feedback. In no way do I find these actually negative, as I have played right through and enjoyed every single thing. I merely put them for points where improvement could be done (and most likely will be, given the developers excellent track record of updates.). Overall, it's feedback and not meant to dissaude anyone.-M-"
,Recommended,322110,21155979,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,stunt,"Imagine the concept of The Binding of Isaac, but in a Megaman format. That is 20XX.The System Requirements say it all."
76561197994864592,Recommended,322110,14293808,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Broad5ide,Rogue-like Megaman X where your health carries over from one level to another for increased difficulty. Does that sound fun to you? buy it if you said yes.
,Recommended,322110,19447748,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,warchaser9,Overall very much a megaman X feel. I really enjoyed Zero more so i'm glad they carried that character over too.Pros:Combat feels very much like megaman x games.Powerup collectables were a good addition.Cons:1. Though it is classified as roguelike the levels are not very dynamic. Needs more diversity badly.2. Crashes. And this is extremely bad for roguelike games since a crash means you lose EVERYTHING you did for that run. I just got to the next level and it just instantly crashed and I lost it all. Very frustrating.
76561198008060376,Recommended,322110,19667409,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,akcrono,Great game for those who loved megaman x with excellent replay value.
76561197980795527,Recommended,322110,19902019,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Atolibus,"When I was in high school (in the 90's mind you, at the dawn of emulation) I had a dream of a game that allowed you to select from amongst the pool of Mega Man bosses and stages and powers and powerups... and mix n match. This.... is the closest I've seen anything come to that idea. I've got high hopes for this one."
,Recommended,322110,34359302,Posted: 19 August,all,croissant,fun♥♥♥♥♥♥i dont like megaman but i like this
76561198006996125,Recommended,322110,35189215,Posted: 24 September,all,Mourt,"Really enjoy it. The procedural generation means you find the same set pieces after a playthrough or two, but I don't mind. The gameplay feels enjoyable enough that I don't mind the repetition. Theres a variety of items and powerups to make each run unique, and the challenges and modifiers for Defiant make it fun to play around with. Also great co-op!"
,Recommended,322110,35013430,Posted: 16 September,all,grey,"This is by far the best pc port of any megaman style game I have ever played, the option of switching characters and co-op makes this an absolute must buy!"
,Recommended,322110,24066693,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Geotone,"The coop is fun to play. I do like how the levels can be different in difficulty in stages. Make sure you have an Xbox controller, don't care how good you are with a keyboard. Game hasnt crashed on me in single or coop after 4 hours of gameplay. It supports UW monitors for the most part. If you hate megaman games with the classic style of gameplay, this is probably not yoru cup of tea."
76561197993294048,Recommended,322110,34487344,Posted: 25 August,all,Tezius,"This game is everything Mighty No.9 SHOULD have been that wasnt. It keeps the core mechanics of the genre solid while making smart and fun improvements. For veterans of the genre the rogue-like experience is refreshing because instead of every stage being the same difficulty every time you play it, the order gets shuffled and the later stages get harder. Newcomers have the option of getting 3 lives to run through the game as well so they can learn the ropes.The only negative i would give this game is the main character models and animations. They look like they were made for newgrounds and could really use a design pass and refinement but honestly arent bad enough to be distracting to the gameplay."
,Recommended,322110,26366895,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Coolyot,"If you're looking for a great megaman clone or just a great platformer in general, this is the game. Big bi-weekly content updates and daily/weekly leaderboards make this a game with massive replayability. Don't let the early access label scare you away, THIS GAME IS COMPLETELY WORTH IT AS IS and it keeps getting better."
76561197990189966,Recommended,322110,23814398,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kwan Er McGregor,"I never knew I craved a megaman styled rouge like before today. Its a great mix of genres, extremely fun/addicting, and the controls are ridiculosly responsive. For any megaman fan, this game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,322110,15876955,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Zatchel,"This game is what many of us wished we had when Megaman became a top title on the NES, a co-op game with an even balance of challenge and fun.So far the game is a great 2 player coop experience, and they keep updating it very regularly at very short intervals.So far I am loving it, I would love to see more playable characters (the 2 right now have different play styles and I would love to see a couple more, or some character customizations) , steam achievements and maybe a storyline? Well time will tell, as of now it is pointing to be one of my favorite games.9/10 would love to see it go full 10/10Edit: Recently replayed the game now in its 1.00.4 version, there is a lot of improvements and the game became what it promised, a megaman styled rogue like game. A lot of game modes, challenges and options have been done to it and its great.Story wise and character wise the game hasnt changed that much but its still a solid and fun title for us wanting an actually good shooting plataformer."
,Recommended,322110,27182221,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cmdr C.Etol,"Just fantatastic fun, brings me back a few years to the golden age of gaming.Co-op works great!Great job Devs! Keep it up!"
76561198093540693,Recommended,322110,35336405,Posted: 30 September,all,Divine Weapon,"20XX is a great game with great big flaws.If you think me unfairly in favor of this game, I implore you to find my review of Enter the Gungeon. That game was so painful it made me bitterly against roguelikes.To paraphrase the current US president: ""The problem with Enter the Gungeon is not that it implemented rogue-like elements wrong, but that it implemented rogue-like elements faithfully.""20XX is different, better, and far more fun. This is because it removes the most terrible rogue-like element; 20XX removes torturing the player for no just or discernable reason and then removing your all progress in the game.That being said, here some 20XX flaws:-Moving platforms are sometimes too close vertically to jump in between them, or too closely packed together otherwise, causing many unnecessary falls. Some non-moving platforms also have this problem.Examples include certain areas randomly found in the Fire Level (Agnisort I think it was called), the Sky Temple to a lesser extent, and the final level-Your movement and jump stat bonuses will kill you. If you improve your speed too much, your character will fly off so fast they miss the platform you were aiming for. If you improve jump height too much, your character will accidentally slam into a spike or damage area. Movement needs to be consistent in a platformer, or it breaks the player's rythym.-Minor art concerns. Not the style, but the animations bother me. The best example I have is when you stop walking. When you come to a halt, your upper body flings forwards slightly. It would make more since if the character stopped themselves with their legs, like happens in real life, but instead their upper body swings like a bobblehead for a moment. There are more examples of animations like this, but I don't have time to nitpick all of them.Regardless of the above dialog, I will end this review with a sentiment many people here have clearly said and echoed.""Don't get Mighty No. 9, get 20XX!"""
,Recommended,322110,15977033,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,SuperCraig64,"This was originally supposed to be a brand new review from scratch, but it appearently counted as revised instead. Just a heads up.If you've enjoyed games such as The Binding of Isaac or Enter the Gungeon, yet also desired a new Mega Man game, I can certainly say this game is for you. 20XX is a roguelike action platformer that'sheavilyinspired by the Mega Man franchise, specifically the Classic and X series. It was inspired so much that the first cutscene has a nod to Mega Man 2's Title Screen. In fact, lots of the things in this game give little nods or references to other game franchises, which I do appreciate.While there are only810 levels in the game (with five/six locations being used total), you'd think the game could get stale rather quickly. That's where you would be wrong, as the levels are randomly generated (though with some common obsticles in between runs). While not extremely varied such as the likes of the Binding of Isaac and Enter the Gungeon, I find this rather acceptable for a game such as this. The boss order of the first eight bosses are guarenteed to be different between runs. One thing to note is that in this game, the bosses getstrongerthe later you wait to fight them; such as having more health, more attacks, etc.Besides the usual singleplayer, you can play local Co-Op with a friend if you so desire and tackle theinevitable fate of deathworld of 20XX together. There's also daily challenges, leaderboards, various difficulties (such as easy mode granting three lives to the player instead of the usual one), and more. You can also buy perma upgrades, unlock new ones, or start with upgrades in your next run using a currency known as ""Soul Nuts"". Soul Nuts are mostly gained from killing off strong enemies, which usually have double the health and deal double damage. However they vanish upon starting a new run, so spend them wisely.The only real gripe I have with the game is that the dash is used waaaaay too often, and is mandatory for tons of jumps, especially in the last few levels in the game. Despite of that, I'm very much willing to continue playing.Overall, I firmly believe 20XX was worth my time and money, even while it was early in development. I recommend giving this game a shot.Heh, get it?shot?..okay I'll stop attempting to be funny now."
,Recommended,322110,24133943,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tezla Alchemia,"this game is an amazing find after Not So Mighty No.9 was such a dissapointment!if i had to say something bad then id say that the art could use a bit of polish (particularly the main characters face is a bit amature) but thats nothing to worry about!if i had a suggetion it would be MORE CHARACTERS. i dont mind the main 2 but neither of them really appeals to me personaly. i think someone like Vile would be a nice change of pace. someone who is a bit slower with big a bigger single shot cannon rather than the dinky little lemon blaster. i can probably guess that you already have a weapon in the game like that, but to start a run with it would be very interesting.failing that, it would be cool to unlock weapons in the game in such a way as to equip them before a run! perhaps only in casual mode though. im assuming (from what ive seen) none of them are more or less powerful than the other so i wouldnt be an unfair advantage to start with. more just a way to give players a bit more choice.really though, any sugestion i give would come to that same point, choice is good. i believe that you have a tight and fun game here and all it needs is more content (weapons, items, areas, characters) and maybe something resembling a story mode?EDIT: OH AND A MAC RELEASE!!! i wanna be able to play with ALL my friends, even the stuborn♥♥♥♥♥who games on a mac."
,Recommended,322110,18347554,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Desaria Rosa,This game will give that same addiction like those drugs you keep under your bed. Its really that great!
,Recommended,322110,18563519,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,bog7,"Whatever genius created this ABSOLUTELY NAILED IT.Bravo.    This game is a dream come true for me.   Being addicted to Megaman X my whole life, I have for years envisioned an indie MMX clone with features similar to this.   The animations are fluid, the art is unique, there is a good variety of powerups and enemies, the sound and music is high quality.   I had some issues with lag at high resolution but that's to be expected especially duing Early Access.   The best part is it feels and plays exactly like Megaman X.   All those hours I spent getting good at MMX is FINALLY being put to the test!The only thing I suggest right off bat is changing the default keybinding so that Dash is B like it's supposed to be.All I can say is do not stop, continue developing this game because it has serious potential.   I'm hooked.   10/10"
76561198058171498,Recommended,322110,18465277,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,D - Skull,"This is a Great Roguelike game. Power ups are great and the variation in the two characters makes it even more replayable than just the randomly generated maps. The bosses are all unique, and even the enemies on the maps are different. There are weekly and daily challenges if you are interested in Leaderboards. There are also skulls you can add to your run to make it even more challenging. This game will keep you playing for a long time. Take a look at some gameplay if you would like a closer look.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US6njJ1v8K8&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,322110,18643560,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Alpha_Anti,I love this game. This is a great Co-Op with a ton of items. Love to sit and play with the endless and marathon skulls on. One of the only early access games I have been happy spending money on. Well worth the price.
76561198026848095,Recommended,322110,29889246,Posted: 12 February,all,Malice,"Wow, just wow. I bought this game 1 year ago in early access and thought it totally worth my money. Played a lot but then put it done fore a long time. Just recently came back to it, and it is crazy how much polish they have put into this game. It is so good. Way to go developers!"
,Recommended,322110,18120103,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dio,"Hey you... Yes you with the money. Buy this! That is all...Oh you want a review It is a Megaman style roguelike, has great platforming, the controls are tight. So yeah through your money at this one 100% worth it.10/10 if the dev stopped making it right now I wouldn't feel ripped off."
,Recommended,322110,24220385,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Princess Momo Belia Deviluke,I absolutely love this game
,Recommended,322110,34451305,Posted: 23 August,all,Fandaros,This is what Mighty No. 9 should have been.  This is the game we have been waiting Capcom to make for a long time.  This was a no brainer purchase.
,Recommended,322110,32213315,Posted: 5 June,all,Opqq,Bad♥♥♥♥♥mega manrougelite
,Recommended,322110,32779882,Posted: 25 June,all,Hekw0n,"This is really a fun game .. I was debating between this game and Might No.9 and well because it's the Steam summer sale, I purchased Mighty No.9 for 5 bucks ... and well ...I didn't like the gameplay .. didn't like the voices or the cut scenes .. seems like a hallf a** game ... Within the first 20 mins I knew I wasn't going to like this game .. So I asked for a refund and purchased 20XX and have no regrets  .. I most defently recommen this game over Mighty ... It's just crazy how a game with low budget can perform, and be more fun then one with big time money put in it .. seems like one company pocket the money while the other works for there money .. to me everything about 20XX is FFFFFAAAAAARRRRRRRRR more supperior then the Mighty ... Try out Mighty get a refund and purchase 20XX instead .. just so you can tell for yourself the difference in quality, gameplay, mechanics, etc .."
,Recommended,322110,34406607,Posted: 21 August,all,Tsuike,"I don't usually go out of my way to write reviews for games, but this one definitely deserves it. If you love the Megaman X series, and you love roguelike action platformers, this is a great game. The soundtrack is amazing, the game play is really good(if a bit cruel at times). The Ending animation could use some work, but it's way better than anything I could have done, and that's literally the only thing about this game that I could actually complain about."
,Recommended,322110,34315251,Posted: 17 August,all,=T$E= Philsco,"Oh I very, very highly recommend this game, ESPECIALLY if Mighty No. 9 let you down.  This is how a MM spirit-successive game should feel!The movement is dead on to MMX, the enemies are a mesh of NES and SNES styles with some new designs tossed in, the ""Endless"" mode gets ridiculously challenging (well...I guess that goes without saying haha), and the ability to change buster weapons is great (Axe and Particle Wave are my favorites :P) and so are the multiple effects of powers (machine gun shot straight down lets you propel yourself, ice freezes flame shot traps, roller wheel picks up loot and refunds its cost when you do so, etc).I really, really recommend this game.  You WILL Get your money's worth, and you WILL have fun with it!::EDIT::Woot just noticed this was the 1337th positive review haha.My review is positively 1337 ;P"
76561198039870367,Recommended,322110,34301688,Posted: 17 August,all,BSpitz,"What Rogue Legacy is to Castelvania, 20XX is to Megaman X. If you are a fan of the X/Zero/ZX series, don't let the art style deter you. You are missing out on some great jump n' shootin'.20XX takes the fundamentals of the ""X"" series and puts it through the filter of a rogue-like. Movement, abilities, armors, bosses; it's all there. After about 10 minutes of playtime, veteran X players can rely on their muscle memory to make dash jumps and control their jump height. I was pleasantly surprised by how well they nailed the movement of the X games they are so clearly trying to emulate. The weapons the bosses give you have both applications in the stage and can be used as a weakness to a different boss. The armors that you find (I believe there are 3 total) rely on RNG to be discovered and purchased. They are not hidden away like the X games, but the abilities they give you are just as meaningful. It's almost like a ""best of"" armor pieces from X1-6, with a few new ideas in there as well. The bosses are also well designed and fun to fight. No spoilers, but, in particular, the final boss of this game in is fantastic. It really tests you on every aspect of the game in one fight, without feeling unfair.The only deviations from the X formula are the tone of the story and graphical style, which may be a bit divisive. The story is rather tongue-in-cheek and the item and enemy descriptions are unabashedly self-aware. I'm not the biggest fan of this choice, but it conveys the love the creators have for the X series. Also, the graphics are.... different. Originally, the graphics were the biggest thing holding me back from purchasing the game back in 2015. They have definitely improved since then, but the bubbly look to the characters and their floaty looking animations turned me off at first. None of this translates to how the characters feel to control.Frankly, this is much better than anything Inti Creates has put out since the ZX series. If you are fan of the X/Zero/ZX games, this is absolutely worth your time."
,Recommended,322110,24347444,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Canderous Ordo,"Really fun game!! Gives u that perfect mix of old school and roguelike, seems to get better the more you play"
,Recommended,322110,24804194,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Fejorc@,"If you liked megaman you should play 20XX, it worth every cent."
,Recommended,322110,24699296,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,ByteMyPixels,"If you can look past the saturday morning cartoon style of some of the enemies and bosses what are left with is a near perfect Mega Man experience.The Rogue-Lite elements are tuned nicely for beginners, and it functions amazingly well with the steam controller.Local Co-Op is a blast but the game doesn't seem nearly as challenging when you have 2 people playing it.For those who were/are burnt on Might No.9 $12 is a great price for an experience that remain fresh longer from the randomly generated elements."
,Recommended,322110,20229170,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SolarFlar3,"This game is unbelievably good. The developers update it every 2 weeks, yet in it's current state it's addicting and very worthwhile to purchase. Especially because it's going to get more expensive over time.edit: Everything afterwards is the post-early access build review.This game is my favorite procedurally generated game right now. The first 8 levels are perfect. They have character and fun bosses, and the powers interact with the game in cool ways ie, you can make disappearing platforms solid with one of the powers, or block icicles with the flame shield.The last 2 levels are fun, but because they incorporate all of the elements from all of the previous levels, they don't really have character imo. That makes sense, but I wish that somehow level 10 had some new elements to give it an identity. I also feel like level 9 is out of place in the main branch of the game. It kind of feels like it should be a secret side mission with a really cool reward or something like that because it feels more like a platforming challenge or gauntlet mode than a level.I like all of the bosses in this game except 1 (eternal star). All except him have strengths and weaknesses and you can read their patterns so that they don't do cheap shots. That one boss is really only a problem for  the melee character unless you have some good ranged powers or the spear because he creates a lot of visual clutter around himself so he becomes hard to see sometimes.Anyway, despite some problems, I love the game. 9/10"
,Recommended,322110,18299013,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,bassreactor,This is 20XX set in the year MMX. A worthy succesor.
,Recommended,322110,13148369,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA,"A fun game with obvious Megaman influence. You will be dashing, jumping, shooting and gaining power ups but all in a randomly generated stage. Even in early access, this is everything you would expect from a Megaman roguelike game and more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGxNsdjCgjI"
,Recommended,322110,34941500,Posted: 13 September,all,Tssha,A must-play for anyone who still has a special place in their heart for Mega Man X.
,Recommended,322110,34336844,Posted: 18 August,all,nailernforce,"This game is a love letter to Megaman, and a well written one at that. One of my favorite platformers of all time."
76561198014010906,Recommended,322110,28254661,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,djrobertjohnson,Very cool little game. It's totally what Mighty Number 9 should have been. The first Early Access game I have not kicked my self for buying.
76561198037080732,Recommended,322110,25131687,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Gentleman,"This game has to be played by much more people! I never played megaman on my time, just a little. But this game,,,, its a sweet slap to the past. Provably one of the best platform games from the past years. the gameplay is smooth as butter, the autogeneration of lvls is incredible, really fun to play and really different from each other. And the music,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, well,,, outstanding.A must have if u like plataformer games (and megaman OBV haha)"
76561198025148070,Recommended,322110,14831956,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,EclipsedHusky,"All I have done so far was the tutorial, and YES you should buy this game if you love MegamanX, megamanZero series, or even megamanZX. And you get a discount if you buy now!"
76561198055235876,Recommended,322110,19756094,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,danteevanhoge,"This game is difficult. Agonizingly difficult, in fact. Something the developers are well aware of and is likely much of the intention for the game. As someone who has played--in its entirety--every game in the Megaman canon from NES, SNES, and PS (even Rockman & Forte, and yes, Legends) I thought this game would come naturally. It didn't. I got so frustrated with it I stopped playing it. After some time though I gave it another try and now I'm hooked.It's still difficult, no doubt exacerbated by the fact that I'm playing on a keyboard and not a controller, as the game rightly recommends. The challenge of it though, is part of what makes it so appealing. It's also what will likely keep its replay value very high.There's two playable characters, one with a blaster and one with a saber (sound familiar?). Where the game really differs from others (AHEM) like it, is that rather than having set levels, the levels are randomly generated, though you'll see a lot of familiar and recycled set ups. Levels and bosses increase in difficulty the further along you go. Things start out innocuous enough, but after you defeat three bosses or so, the game get down right cruel. You'll gather numerous power-ups along the way to assist you and collect nuts (insert one of the litany of ""nut"" related jokes in the game here) to purchase  others. The randomly generated levels ensure that things stay interesting as you'll probably never play the same level twice.The one drawback with randomly generated levels though, is that it's hard to feel like any progress is being made in the game. You get ONE life. If you die, you have to start all over. That can be more than a little frustrating. I gather though that the intention is not so much to make progress in the game per se, as it is to make progress in your SKILL with the game. That's perhaps more rewarding than just beating a level (in theory, at least).What would be ideal, is to see a story mode that does have a complete and tidy, level-by-level, boss-by-boss playthrough experience in addition to the ""challenge run"" style the game is in currently. Perhaps your progress in the challenge run can have some bearing on the story mode (unlocking powerups and so forth)? The game is still in development, so who knows what the developers will come up with.It bares mentioning that most of the music is really phenomenal, with the perfect retro 16 bit upbeat techno-rock-guitar feel to accompany the game. Many of the tunes are infectiously catchy. Also, the platformer obstacles are definitely more challenging and creative than just about anything I've encountered in the Megaman or X games. You will need some serious precision timing and masterful finess with your jumping and dashing to acquire many of the powerups scattered throughout the leves.Overall, 20XX is stupidly fun to play--especially for an old Megaman veteran like myself--and challenging enough to keep me coming back. The one thing lacking is a sense of progression through the game (beyond building skill and buying powerups to use in casual mode). I appreciate the familiarity of it, as well as the the novel elements like the various powerups and array of ways to make the game MORE difficult (told you the developers knew what they were doing). Perhaps I'm just a nostalgic gamer hungry for a little bit more of the familiar parts of the game. Regardless, the game is well made and deserves your attention, certainly if you're a fan of Megaman. Just try not to break anything in the first hour or so."
,Recommended,322110,24995516,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Blaze Theil,"I was going to write a prank/joke review but, I figured since I'm a long time Mega Man fan, I might as well write my opinion on this game and how I think it lives up to Mega Man.Well, it's not as much like Mega Man as it may seem. It tried to mix Mega Man X and the rogue-like genre (i.e. The Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy, ect). They did a truly amazing job. It plays just like Mega Man X. It has randomly generated levels, giving it all the replay value in the world. It has a lot of power-ups that has similer effects to Mega Man X's collectables. There are two playable characters. Nina who plays just like X and Ace who played just like Zero.Dispite all this, there are a lot of bugs. It's in beta and it's pretty clear that the game's not finished. You should probably buy it after all the bugs are sorted out.While I think Mega Man is still better, there's no sighn of a new Mega Man game coming in the future. And, since it's randomly generated, this is the perfect game for anyone who's a fan of the Mega Man series or just platformers in general!Take that, Mighty No.9!"
76561198028364723,Recommended,322110,28148707,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Teehee Tummy Tums,Worth every penny. Awesome game that gets frequently updated.♥♥♥♥ the fire level though.
76561198027340535,Recommended,322110,31531159,Posted: 3 May,all,OblivionZone,"Will really make an anime fan cry on prom night.The true succesor to Mega Man, get it if you love playing said game."
,Recommended,322110,34314217,Posted: 17 August,all,Roody,"20xx pays respect to the classic megaman games of old that fans of the series always wanted. Its fun, its fast, its got replayability and creative characters. It has co-op, which is fun with friends or alone! However, despit its fun combat and cute graphics its lacking depth to it. After only an hour of game time I began to notice the patterns of the ""random generated"" levels. Same snippits used over and over, panning out in stretchs and a surprising lack luster of enemys. Eventually, you'll get sick of the bosses as you beat them repeatedly to the point of submission. Despite this, its still a great game at its heart and that cant be denied. Clearly made with love and care in mind. I sadly refunded, knowing that this game wouldnt how my interest for long since bigger titles will be coming out. Still, thats a personal issues and I'm positive there is many fans out there that'll pour hours into this wonderful game."
,Recommended,322110,29183552,Posted: 11 January,all,Disc World,"Its really good, just wish it had like 1,000 bosses or a really big campaign."
,Recommended,322110,34489833,Posted: 25 August,all,CrispyPie,Buy this game and make the bad guys cry like Mighty No.9 backers on launch day
,Recommended,322110,34491052,Posted: 25 August,all,Silvermind,+Fun design.++Tight controls.+++Leaving my friend behind because he can't do the platform challenges for items.10/10 would abandon again.
76561197974471267,Recommended,322110,14989263,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Swiss Lee,Thoroughly enjoying it so far and especially the soundtrack.
76561198031706948,Recommended,322110,21872678,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Boogeyman,"Generally speaking: Mega Man + Risk of Rain / Rogue Legacy = 20xxAwesome game. Easy to tell this is made by people who love the Mega Man X era of platformers. With a little more development this will stand up there with Mega Man X and Mega Man 2 as one my favorites. It really does feel like an extension/moderinzation of MMX. The music, weapons, power-ups, graphics, and art style are spot on and very well done. Challenges, multiplayer, and leaderboards also add replayability.Don't hesitate to buy it and support this game.Also, the devs are routinely on the message forums taking fan feedback/suggestions. Very cool. They seem like they really want this game to be great and are well on their way to doing so."
76561198001370984,Recommended,322110,34833280,Posted: 9 September,all,Commander $exy,"If you like Megaman, and also don't mind a bit of roguelite elements, this game is one you will doubtlessly adore. It scratches that dashing, wall hopping, and jump-n-shoot itch that I as a Megaman X fanboy always had.If you never played Megaman, but like agile platformers, this game is too delicious of a buy for you to pass up.You need this, trust me."
,Recommended,322110,34407266,Posted: 21 August,all,Ran_Rx,Enjoyable game that adds enough to the formula to make it unique.
,Not Recommended,322110,24961181,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,All Might,"I used to love this game to death, I stopped playing for a few months and when I came back the game was completely different, but not in a way that I enjoyed. They added a bunch of bloat to the game that made it more random, and less fun overall. The difficulty curve is all over the place and I no longer feel it was the game I purchased. It's completely different now.You'd think adding more items, and challenges to the game would make it more interesting, but no. The game can go from really challenging to absolutely bananas difficult without warning.Why are there 3 different health upgrades now? Nearly every stat boosting item in the game has been given at least 3 different versions, you'd think this would make the game more interesting but it only adds more randomness.They changed just about every single boss in the game, a level 1 boss used to be a really straight forward affair, with the difficulty ramping up with each successive level completed. It was really fun to try bosses in different orders to see how the progression effected their attack patterns and strategies. THIS IS NOW WHAT A LEVEL 1 BOSS LOOKS LIKE AS OF THIS DATE.https://i.imgsafe.org/dd14ea0ff1.jpgThis is absolute god damn nonsense. This is not hard mode. This is not some weekly hardcore challenge. This is the baseline difficulty for a level 1 boss.The game used to have an absolutrly DELICIOUS difficulty scale. It was almost perfectly tuned.This is just a small sample of what the game throws at you now.https://i.imgsafe.org/dd2aee6435.jpgNotice the gamefield behind the game over screen, and not the Game Over screen itself. The right and left wall, and ceiling are covered in spikes, when you pass directly in front of these spikes, they will launch an icicle at you, dealing damage, the three beehive looking enemies in the middle shoot mines that track the player and stick to you, If you do not enter the green spheres before the 3 seconds are up the mines will explode and deal damage, if you do, they are disarmed. Notice, now, the black bar looking objects in the room. The objective is to touch all  of these objects to activiate them, and unlock a piece of armor. Are you a bad enough dude to do all of this in less than 15 seconds, without dying, or taking so much damage the reward is no longer worthwhile, because you still need all that health you lost trying to defeat the boss in the earlier screenshot?The point I am trying to make it that at no point was this game EVER so outrageously difficult. On Defiant, or hardcore, with skull mutators on? Yes. Absolutely. Challenge accepted. This is the normal difficulty now, though. Normal. Baseline. It only gets more outragoeus from here. These examples are from the first 3 levels of the game. This is not a case of getting better. The game is so frustrating to play I DO NOT WANT TO GET BETTER. I want to eat my arm in rage. It is frustrating as hell watching one of my favorite games ever to play and relax with get turned into something akin to Cloud Berry Kingdom, or Rogue Legacy. I do not find those games fun at all. I no longer find this game fun at all..The last 3 months of updates have absolutely ruined this game for me.I loved this game so much I bought it 4 times so my friends could enjoy it too.It seems that I am in the slim minority of people who were disappointed in the direction this game has taken, but the only people the developers are interested in catering to are Speedrunners with laser like reflexes. The delightful fun Mega Man X with infinite levels is completely gone replaced forever with ultra tryhard streamer bait."
76561198156202687,Recommended,322110,18037400,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,RilinPlays,Fun game. Can't wait for the full game
76561198088754382,Recommended,322110,23460597,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,UndeadPixelArmy,"I bought my friend and I this game like an hour ago and we're having a good time. Probably one of the only early access games I can whole-heartedly recommend to anybody.The art style refects a the beautiful visuals of Megaman X, with music to perfectly compliment the experence. The platforming is very tight, though the roguelike elements of the game will cause some awful placements of certain platforms.This was totally worth the 18 dollars I spent on it and I really hope this game makes it successfully out of Early Access."
,Recommended,322110,25445434,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GoFastHog,You can go fast 10/10
,Recommended,322110,28894920,Posted: 1 January,all,Bitvar,"Pros:Insanely tight gameplay (Megaman wishes he could juggle these breakneck speed levels with this type of precision).Awesome power-ups & a lot of variety in choices (the leg boosts are essential at higher difficulties).Rogue-like hub world with over-arching progression that rewards hard fought runs and punishes mistakes extremely.Music, oh god the music （ミ￣ー￣ミ）ONLINE CO-OP! This alone makes it worth the price of admission. Buy two copies and give one to your buddy.Cons:DeviantArt tier main character models (seriously devs, could you make the faces anymore cringe worthy)Oh god are the main characters uglySeriously, jesus christ. I'm going to throw up!The classic NES Megaman boxart is like Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni in comparison to the faces on the two protagonistsDid I mention how hideous the two MCs are?I give this game a solid 9/11, because those faces are why angry sand people crashed planes into the Twin Towers.This may be one of the best games I played in 2016.That is saying something. I just hope when the Early Access ends that they'll open it up to Workshop so I can fix the faces. Everything else is just perfect.Buy it."
,Recommended,322110,18515981,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ARCi,"GREAT so far! Would like to see some more bosses and levels though, for a bit more variation."
,Recommended,322110,24163040,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Roxas,When your crappy lappy is so bad it can only maintain 30 fps in this game yet you play anyway that says something.Also wont make you cry like an anime fan on prom night.
,Recommended,322110,24323290,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,KainDarkfire,Megaman X Roguelike.  For when Mighty No. 9 lets you down.
,Recommended,322110,24754813,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Spooters,"A phenomenally constructed and well thought-out Mega man style side scroller.(In my opinion, second to mega man.  Even better than Mighty No.9. )I love the randomly generating stages and the equipment setup.I really like how the buster upgrades and main weapons aren't dependent on each other.P.S. Steam has not been recoding my play history right due to internet issues. I have logged WAAAAAYYYYY more than just 6 hours into this game.  .. .. Way more."
76561198005980897,Recommended,322110,24795280,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ElementXero,"Wow, it really does feel like a Blue Bomber game! Think this was my first early access game ever, not dissapointed in the least. Feels polished, fun to play, well worth the low asking price."
,Recommended,322110,34492201,Posted: 25 August,all,Grim Eleison,"Okay, so at first, I was skeptic about this game after seeing what happened with Mighty No.9, but I'm a huge Megaman fan, so I still gave it a shot, well ladies and gentlemen, I was not dissapointed, to be precise, I am really impressed, the game is solid and it gives the right feel of Megaman game, but not as a clone nor a copy.  The controls are neat and precise, the soundtrack is great, what makes it even better is the fact that the game is a new experience each run, even the bosses themselves.TL;DR: This is a game that feels like a proper megaman sequel though very original."
,Recommended,322110,34487667,Posted: 25 August,all,Caldaria,"Do you like Megaman X?Do you like roguelites?If so, you will probably like 20XX.Give it a spin, refund if displeased.That's really all there is to say about it."
76561197992399820,Recommended,322110,34491714,Posted: 25 August,all,Aerosithius,"If you like Megaman X or classic Megaman, and especially if you like Megaman Zero, BUY THIS GAME. I've been a lifelong fan of the series and this is basically a Megaman game with insane replayability and an excellent degree of challenge. This is the game I (and probably you) have been waiting for. The most important point for me is that the controls feel instantly responsive and mowing through enemies feels just as incredible as in those other games, if not better.  You can effectively play as Megaman or Zero, and both have their own different weaponry to choose from, and the randomized elements make each run (around 50 minutes long) a new experience, and keep things fresh. You can expand your potential pool of powerups in game by earning currency in-game, so the breadth and variety of the game continues to grow as you unlock more and more. For those desiring more difficulty, there are around 14 toggleable settings that make it more challenging. Either way, the permadeath makes everything instantly higher stakes and much more exciting when you're low on health.Seriously, if you're still reading this and hesitating and are at ALL a fan of Megaman or like twitchy skill-based action platformers in general, I implore you to throw out that hestiation and give it a shot. You will very likely not be disappointed!"
76561198328944796,Recommended,322110,34534307,Posted: 27 August,all,Levin Saber,"Definitely a very good nolstagic game for us, hardcore megaman fans.Co-op online still needs works i guess.Would be better if the weapons and augs that were farmed stay for at least the next run but well, that's the point of the game.Skull modes are challenging <3Love the words of encouragement after death.Hoping for more updates in the future or it will get very repetitive soon imo, even if the stages are all randomly generated."
,Recommended,322110,34490831,Posted: 25 August,all,Pootis Spencer,"this guy gets it, don't give your money to that hack Inafune, this is the real Megaman X experience, even more awesome cus it's like having Samus and Megaman having a daughter, or Roll and Megaman if incest is your thing, 10/10"
,Recommended,322110,34492273,Posted: 25 August,all,White Crow,"I wasn't expecting this to be a Rogue-like type of style for a megaman clone, it's pretty fun!this is what Mighty No. 9 should've been and what's sad is that this wasn't on a 4 million budget!The difficulty is not something you can take easily, you have to be good at platformers otherwise this will be hell for you.I highly recommend this to anyone a fan of the Megaman X series, the movement is really fluid and feels like a Megaman game with a twist!"
76561198052382832,Recommended,322110,34492845,Posted: 25 August,all,Calamities,This game is better than Megaman.  These devs made *the* ideal Megaman game with huge replay value.  I hope they keep adding to it!
,Recommended,322110,16690277,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SPACE HAMSTER,I'd write some witty review here but it's only in alpha right now so yeah >.>Just go buy it
76561198021877353,Recommended,322110,34487956,Posted: 25 August,all,Merrabau,A quick first impressions below. Functional as a megaman a-like but I am not too sure what procedural generation brings to the table. If you do not mind replaying similar levels then the game plays good init.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Lwu1NmvHYA
,Recommended,322110,29020556,Posted: 4 January,all,GeminiStatic,If you enjoyed Mega Man and love Rogue-Lites/Rogue-Likes gameplay mechanics.. then this is a no brainer. This is what Mighty No.9 should have been. Highly Recommend it.
76561198015233287,Recommended,322110,29129824,Posted: 8 January,all,Mangu,"Dear reader, I have 2 questions for you:-Are you a fan of Megaman action series (exclude battlenetwork)?-Are you a fan of The Binding of Isaac?If you answered ""yes"" to both questions, get it. It's that simple, what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,322110,28920894,Posted: 1 January,all,LightningJedi55,>tfw an early access indie game out-Megamans a new game by Keiji himself.
,Recommended,322110,23716157,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,The BDG,"This is Megaman X rebooted with some new features. There is nothing about those new feature to dislike though! Multiplayer, a leveling system, and some crisp clear graphics all contribute to a fun filled exciting game.This is everything Might No 9 should have been, and 20xx even in beta is a better game than it will ever be too.Save some money and get a better product, buy this game and just say no to 9.https://youtu.be/yZA1w5ApbKM"
,Recommended,322110,19359197,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cordry ツ,The year is 20XX10/10
,Recommended,322110,34875357,Posted: 10 September,all,Aegis J Hyena,"A perfect throwback to the days of Mega Man. The roguelike part of it is a nice touch. The only thing I would like to see are more bosses and level styles. Definitely a game to pick up for when you need to kill time, and the soundtrack ain't half bad either."
76561198064883429,Recommended,322110,34874446,Posted: 10 September,all,fud,"Excellent game. Never played a MegaMan title before so I can't really compare this with its predecessors but I had a great time with it. Money well spent. Keep up the good work, devs."
,Recommended,322110,23565617,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Nebular,Yay
76561197970324876,Recommended,322110,31433775,Posted: 29 April,all,TheButtSatisfier,"Haven't tried multiplayer, but it's a wonderful single player game. I'm a fan of roguelikes and Mega Man, and this game scratches that itch so good. I'm excited to see more maps, levels, and bosses."
,Recommended,322110,34390876,Posted: 21 August,all,Doge-Spielen,Megaman.With co-op.With a really long netcode loading time.Eh.
,Recommended,322110,21399212,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,MiSTeRFaNTaSTiCo,"Plays like MegaMan X, controls are tight, has roguelike elements, I know I'm not saying anything that hasn't already been said but it's truly worth picking up."
,Recommended,322110,19537143,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ArcCero,Obligatory review to complete the final requirements for the community badges. Please Disregard.
76561197992809714,Recommended,322110,35010221,Posted: 16 September,all,DRIVEBOT 5000,If you like the old Megaman X games you'll love this.
,Recommended,322110,23833387,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TLG [ThePhantom],"Wow.....I wasn't really expecting to like the game but HOLY S##T! IT REALLY FEELS LIKE MEGAMAN X! And also runs flawlessly!This game is what I really wanted all these years, a brilliant megaman-like platforming game. Every ability X had in Megaman X Series (Normal Dash, Jump Dash, Charge Shot, Wall Jump, Challenging Gameplay, etc...) is in this game too! Along with smooth and detailed animations, two different playable characters, item shops (something like Auto's shop in Megaman 7) and much more to come. I just hope this game gets achievement and trading card support in the future.20XX is still in early access, but it's very fun to play. If you liked Megaman X, you will definitely like 20XX too."
76561198030778236,Recommended,322110,22051182,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Whygee,"Quick! [Something] happened and now you have to Jump&Shoot your way through some random places with robots.Actually, you have the option of shooting or swording. Jumping is not an option.Areas look different every time! Defeat robots! Unlock powers! Bring a friend! Don't die horribly and you'll win and save the world maybe!It looks a little like MegaMan. Not sure though."
,Recommended,322110,23503523,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sabatour100,"Its like if Risk of Rain and Megaman X had a love child this game would be it as it gets harder per area clear let alone the dailies and weeklies you can do, im looking forward to a story mode and more interesting items to use, Keep up the good workhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjUqUVrXclE"
,Recommended,322110,22274615,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,A Cute Girl,"I bought this game a while ago because of the name was the same as the Melee modpack. Basically bought it for the memes.Today, Mighty No. 9 was released, and it has awful reviews. In spite of this, I tried 20XX out. Boy did I sleep on this.20XX is the true spiritual successor to Mega Man. From the music, graphics, and fun gameplay, this is looking to be a great game when it is fully released.The chiptune music makes the game feel fresh and exciting. It's a clear inspiration from Mega Man/X, but it's different. It's original. It fits the action style gameplay and does not get repetitive.The graphics are simple, yet detailed. Again, it takes inspiration from Mega Man X, but they have their own touch.The gameplay is fun and refreshing each time you play 20XX. Its roguelike properties make this game different each time you play it, so you never know what's next. 20XX reminds me of Castlevania with its drop system and health system. Mix it with Megaman/X, you have a great concept.If you're a Mega Man/X fan, or dissapointed by Mighty No. 9, check out 20XX. It's feels like a Mega Man/X game, with its unique features. I can't wait for what  Batterystaple has in store for the full release!"
76561198000561257,Recommended,322110,23493344,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews 20XXUpdate Version: 0.954bDisclosure: The game copy was bought by the reviewer. I try my best to judge a game by the technical and core aspects, but even with my review I still believe these games are not for everyone.The one genre I never had much skill for would have to be the side-scrolling platformer. There are a variety of famous games that have immortalized the genre and each one has left me dead in he corner. I should probably be the last person reviewing this type of game, but when I noticed 20XX was on sale and that ""Inafundme"" had his game coming out next week, I thought it would be nice to see what a small group can do to recapture the feel of the genre. As I expected, I was not very good at it, but that doesn't mean the game is bad - just me.It is a good thing to note that a controller would probably save you some major heartache. When I switched over from keyboard, my survivability skyrocketed, problem due to the keyboard button layout. You start off with a tutorial that introduces the key button responses and fight one of the beginner bosses. It is quick, informative and leads you to the main hub where you can purchase items, switch characters, attempt challenges and jump into the main game. Daily challenges are up for grabs and the items for sale can be purchased with soul nuggets you acquire during missions. Two unique play styles are offered as Nina (blue armor) utilizes a blaster that only shoots left or right (without upgrades) and Ace (red armor) wielding a sabre. A collection of all the items you obtained is also present, which helps keep track of the beneficial qualities each item brings to the table.Similar to the old school style games 20XX seeks to emulate, the visual appeal has a very retro aesthetic in level design. Character models and enemy textures look a little more three dimensional, but they complement the scenery quite well with bright color helping detail projectiles. Music is top notch with upbeat tempos helping keep the tension high as the clock in the top left counts down. Blaster shots and sword swings carry that classic ""pew pew"" noise you expect from these kinds of games with explosions and fire bursts rounding out a simple, but effective sound design. It is what one would expect from a Mega-man game and it really lives up to that expectation well.Blasting enemies and collecting power ups is the primary objective in overcoming the challenges this game has to offer. Each level has a platform run filled with potential upgrades, such as stat boosters and main weapon changes, that help deal with the boss fights found at the end. Once the boss is defeated, you are given a reward and able to select from one of three portals leading to the next level. The further you manage to go the more difficult enemies and level layouts become. Added challenges are also available in the form of skulls that make each level harder, from denying health drops to selecting the next level you proceed to after the boss. It can be as hard or as easy as you want in 20XX, which makes it very accessible to hardcore veterans or new inductees alike.Unlike other Mega-man esq games, 20XX manages to fuse rogue-like elements into the mix and pulls it off rather effectively. During each run, blue versions of typical enemies will appear and have the chance to drop soul nuts, which you use upon death to purchase items from the main base. This provides a small leg up and if the soul nuts are not used, then they are lost forever. The randomization of level layouts have been consistently different throughout my entire play through with only one or two levels feeling familiar in parts. There are also infrequent portals to challenge rooms that can appear along with vending machines used to replenish health and energy for bolts. Luck can be a deciding factor in terms of running into off setting platform formations that will unfortunately lead you to be stuck in an inescapable position. Other than that, the rogue like elements really keep the game fresh and challenging to what could have easily been just a eight boss campaign.Co-op is present in the game over online service or locally, but I only jumped in once to ensure it was functioning. It worked rather well, but things can get a bit chaotic on screen with all the enemies. Challenges for weekly and daily variations have a set restriction mode and a standard version to give an extra difficulty setting, but they generally play like a normal run. There are some issues, however, that creep up from time to time. Hit box detection for some enemies is extremely picky and can have you easily killing a something normally while the same monster requires you to be on it completely just to hit it. Enemy types are rather limited with a standard color change used as a resin for tougher foes. Some of the background images can be misleading when placed behind platforms, making it difficult to tell if a slice of land is actually there or not. Levels are relatively short, but this can be a pro or a negative depending on your approach. I had an issue with some of the randomized platform jumps, but those were very far and few between. The one aspect of the game I can happily support is how well it runs at this point in time. It can still use some optimization, but this has to be one of the best frame rates I have seen with a early access title.I do not regret purchasing 20XX and have a good feeling it will surpass the expectations of eager platform enthusiasts still hoping Might #9 will have a shred of playability. It can eat away a good chunk of time and keeps things fresh with the randomized levels. It is one of the few games I have experienced during my harsh journey into Early Access that manages to remain operational. It has a bug here and there, but overall 20XX pulls off a stellar charged shot into a genre held hostage by nostalgia. I look forward to seeing how the game manages to evolve further down the line.Pros- It looks like a retro and sounds like a retro- Plenty of options to adjust difficulty- Randomized levels and boss fights are challenging and enjoyable- Runs rather well at this pointCons- Luck has some influence in level design and can destroy a great run- Levels are somewhat short"
,Recommended,322110,21746042,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Delin Windsong,"good game for a early access , but they really need to fix the bugs specially when the player swapping bug."
76561198081616988,Recommended,322110,34387796,Posted: 20 August,all,Souls Dealer,I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,322110,32904607,Posted: 27 June,all,[FBC] MexicanMaestro,Roguelike + MegaMan X = Fun
,Recommended,322110,23510653,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Newtype Andy,"Amazeballs!  Bright, neon, energy amazeballs!!"
76561198169969030,Recommended,322110,32098084,Posted: 31 May,all,Plague Knight,"My only issue, slippery controls."
,Recommended,322110,34275190,Posted: 16 August,all,JalBak,"This is the Megaman game All Megamans fan would've wanted if capcom didnt stop making them.Cannot recommend enough. The tracks are great, the rogue-like elements add replay value, and difficulty which is always welcomed.The visuals are smooth and the gameplay feels great in-hand.Solid 10/10 indie game, was worth buying in early access and is now released officially, which makes it only more worth it."
76561198053543176,Recommended,322110,29862505,Posted: 11 February,all,FoxTactics,"If you liked megaman X back in the day, look no further."
76561198120579638,Recommended,322110,23281483,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,dartious,"Megaman X meets Rouge Legacy, I've loved this concept since I picked it up. Even though its still early access it feels like a complete game and I've encountered very few bugs. This game is incredibly fun and challenging. In a typical run I make it to around level 5 but I did manage to beat all 8 bosses recently. It can be unforgiving at times, especially the Sky Temple levels, though with helpfully armor upgrades like being able to hover or fly some of the harder jumps are made easier. I haven't tried co-op yet but I look forward to trying it soon. The devs are very involved and update the game on a regular basis, the menu even has a count down to the next update. I can't wait to see what they add next."
,Recommended,322110,28655545,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pxl8r Maroonpickle,"One of the greatest indie games I've played, only topped by Undertale. This game's roots in the Megaman X games is exactly what makes it so fantastic!"
,Recommended,322110,24372546,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BodyPolitic,"Outstanding game, hard to believe this is early access.  A mix of Megaman and Rogue Legacy.  Generated levels are the name of the game here.Features:2 Charecters - A shooter and a melee specilists (cough no Zero cough cough)Challenges    - Daily Weekly, Skull modifiers for difficultyLeveling -   Post death progression fills out the feature suite, passives and actives can be bought with money earned (ingame)Conclusion:Buy it, don't hesitate. If you are at all fan of Megaman or Roguelikes then this is a no brainer, get it now. It will be more expensive if you wait for final release. Tons of fun, no crashes . 9/10"
,Recommended,322110,23447074,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Jaspaller,"As a huge fan of Action Platformers like Megaman X and Super Metroid, it was tough to find series that were very similar and just as awesome. After watching a gameplay video of this at the recommendation of a friend I ended up buying it immediately.20XX is very much like the Megaman X series of games where you fight bosses, get powerups, dash, wall jump etc. etc. but with a Rogue-Like twist on it. It even controls pretty much exactly like MMX, except your boss weapons are mapped to their own buttons instead of being able to change to them.Graphically the game is in 2D and uses sprites, but it looks kinda like a flash game. The music however is pretty cool. It's all chiptune music and sounds great.You've also got access to two different characters (Nina and Ace) which play very similarly to X and Zero.  Nina uses a chargeable Arm Cannon but only fires straight, and Ace uses a beam saber.Being a Rogue-Like game, there's a lot of Replay value to be had. Each level is generated from scratch to be different. Every run is littered with different powerups that augment one or a combination of abilities. Aside from boss abilities there are powerups that change the function of your main weapons too (like a triple shot for Nina). There are also skulls you can activate that make the game harder too much like Halo's skulls or Gears of War's MutationsPerhaps the best thing about this game IMO is the Co-op. The game supports both Online and Couch Co-op. To me this is probably the best thing about the game. I doubt I would've enjoyed this game as much as I did if it was single-player only. I think it's a great game so far and I think anyone who wants to fill that void left by Megaman should give this a tryTl;dr versionMegaman X meets Roguelike with co-opI highly recommend this if your a fan of MMX or similar platformers"
76561198004795751,Recommended,322110,25281249,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SikSix6,"If you enjoy the megaman series, i would definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,322110,30888420,Posted: 1 April,all,Durdge-o,Megaman X + Rougelike Games = 20XXwhat
,Recommended,322110,32900558,Posted: 27 June,all,Big Brother Earl,Loads of fun!
,Recommended,322110,32891961,Posted: 27 June,all,ChosenUnbread,JUMP AN SHOOT
76561197971394923,Recommended,322110,32893807,Posted: 27 June,all,ZOMGWTFBBQ,good game.
76561197996620027,Recommended,322110,32955289,Posted: 28 June,all,smellydirt,If you love Megaman. You'll love this.
,Recommended,322110,26764525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheCrawsome,"A beautiful and nostalgic take on one of my favorite franchise plaformers. Yet, they made it roguelike and integrated a totally new way to play."
,Recommended,322110,23976380,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,xaphian,"This is a fantastic game. I am MIGHTY glad that I purchaced this game. NO 9 games can top this one! If you have fond memories of a certain blue bomber, then you will probably think that this game ROCKs, MAN."
,Recommended,322110,34766482,Posted: 5 September,all,Isidroo,fun game
76561197984915496,Recommended,322110,29935608,Posted: 14 February,all,Blue Morpho,"I love this game. Seriously, so many nostalgia triggers."
,Recommended,322110,33486309,Posted: 12 July,all,OutRun,"Great game, but the sword character (ace) needs to be balanced with Nina. Either needs to do more damage or more health, because right now, there's no reason to play as him."
,Recommended,322110,24829603,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Aviox,"A well done mashup of the Megaman X series and rougelites like Rouge Legacy or The Binding of Isaac. If those games are fun for you, this one should win you over pretty quickly."
,Recommended,322110,27854031,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,3bytes,Nerf fox pls
76561198078484019,Recommended,322110,34362711,Posted: 19 August,all,MAXIMUM LoSeR,Yup
76561197976715143,Recommended,322110,34404053,Posted: 21 August,all,Deadite AGK,"The Shop Smart review of 20XX, a rogue light platformer that wears its past influences on its sleeves and not only honors the classic franchises that it imitates, but puts its own unique spin on the genre. The year is 20XX and your Mega Man is about to get a lot more procedurally generated!OpenCritic verified reviews on my channel:https://www.youtube.com/user/klinechurhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAdLuy_0VJ8"
,Recommended,322110,34404445,Posted: 21 August,all,MateusMat,Best Megaman game since Megaman X6.Seriusly... I'm a Megaman fan... look my profile picture. And this game is awesome.I've wanted to play a game like this for ages. (a new game... I still play the old megaman games oftem)Finally a game like that came up.
,Recommended,322110,23830406,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,krizdingus,"Although still in beta, 20XX is the spiritual successor to Mega Man that Mighty No. 9 just isn't. 20XX isn't perfect, but it's a solid effort at innovating and recapturing what as great about the Mega Man and Mega Man X games.The art style feels a bit too much like flash-game style graphics for my taste and the level design could be better but I don't think these take away from the experience of the game. I'm looking forward to future updates to this game."
,Recommended,322110,31620358,Posted: 8 May,all,Thigr [CPC],"Rogue-like megaman type of game. Quite dynamic, good feeling. The possibility to play in coop is an awesome feature !"
76561198047881774,Recommended,322110,31713798,Posted: 12 May,all,Scrublord,"If you're a fan of Megaman, this game won't disappoint."
76561198123233862,Recommended,322110,31691022,Posted: 11 May,all,MP,its fun and reminds me of old games but with a new aspect and i love it keep it up
,Recommended,322110,31776701,Posted: 15 May,all,SquigM,This is pretty much a roguelike Mega Man X - awesome!
,Recommended,322110,34576364,Posted: 29 August,all,"Ore Wa Omae Da, Omae Wa Orega","bring me back to the time that i still play Megaman and Megaman Xit's really bring back that memory :). but, at least not very bad like hhhmmm... yah you know what i mean"
,Recommended,322110,25840587,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,TaterTots,What Capcom should have done.
,Recommended,322110,25898613,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dr ScienceLobster MD-PhD BSc LLB,I like making the bad guys cry like an anime fan on prom night.
76561198070352043,Recommended,322110,34568777,Posted: 28 August,all,ColdOneK,"I hope the guy that designed level 9 - goes to that special place in hell - designed for people who ruin fun things.The worst level design I've ever played - outside of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Battletoads.Maybe you're different than me - and this won't agitate you. Imho - it was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I wanted the final level to be more difficult from interesting enemies and maybe a few interesting platforming sections. Instead I got - moving platforms - half second lazer grids - 1 second disappearing platforms - enemies placed in a way to harass you while moving through unending sections like this - over an abyss - w/ islands scattered throughout.All designed like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Battletoads if you've ever played that game. Another example would be IWBTG.The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who designed it - play tested thoroughly where your character would be near the end of his jump - so that he could place a damage obstacle to knock you into the abyss - forcing a restart of the section(at the last 'island') and losing you 2 health per failure. I started level 9 w/ 33/33 health.I didn't take a single hit from any of the enemies.I died on level 9 to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ level design. Not an interesting enemy I hadn't seen before - not a cool midboss I could be excited to seek revenge against - or kickass boss I'd never seen before w/ killer attack patterns...~~ to ♥♥♥♥ing level design ~~Until level 9 it's a fun game. Even despite the terribly designed dual monkey fireball bullet-hell boss - that throws attack patterns out the damn window w/ undodgeable shots.Still - like I said - until Level 9 - I had a lot of fun w/ the game.This is what Mighty No9 might have been if people who actually gave a crap - developed it.There is still a lot of fun to be had w/ the game - even if I don't think I'll ever have the patience for that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t level again.I'll suicide my runs at the start of level 9 from now on - and youtube the damn ending.When I was a kid, I forced my way through Battletoads godawful levels - as an adult I simply don't have that kind of patience anymore."
76561198088834831,Recommended,322110,28239301,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,PsylerZ,"An excellent fun ever changing platformer, with challenges for all skill levels."
76561198071189953,Recommended,322110,28224853,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Furian,Excellent game!!! This reminds me of my childhood when I played Megaman.Recommended 100%.
,Recommended,322110,28214629,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,No. 90,"it's good, buy it."
76561198064633858,Recommended,322110,28246867,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,timeless7,"The game freezes every time I press play, it does not work at all. I have an HP envy laptop with a quad core i7 and nvidia gtx 960m and 16 gigs ram. HELP! I really wanna play this game!"
,Recommended,322110,34344620,Posted: 19 August,all,Alpha17x,"This is the game we needed, but not the game we deserved."
76561198009489772,Recommended,322110,32382709,Posted: 13 June,all,Junk,"as a super freinds member i say this one thing and one thing only, the game should be 9.99 until the full game comes out then bump it up, but hey what do i know, oh and amazing game 9/10 ( the rating i give to perfect early acces games when the full verion is out its a 10/10 most likely)"
,Recommended,322110,34594765,Posted: 29 August,all,WithEase,Pretty fun.
,Recommended,322110,30047760,Posted: 19 February,all,Ezekial  🐸,It's a co-opable megaman... What is not to like?
,Recommended,322110,15568733,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,W.A. the Anum,Maybe its still WIP but 20XX is a pretty good game so far. OK it has here and there some bugs but the devs already work on those problems and surely it makes a lot fun in the multiplayer. I hope this game will be more awesome in the final release.
76561198042505861,Recommended,322110,25686525,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Myminion,"Pretty enjoyable game, even for someone like me who is hot garbage at megaman games.Coop is really fun as well; its like a dream come true for those looking for a coop megaman, as its the closest your gonna get."
,Recommended,322110,35244583,Posted: 27 September,all,MyNameIsNotSid,Here is my Video Review of the game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1xyhp0lE64
,Recommended,322110,26913773,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nasger,Loving it.
76561198035353425,Recommended,322110,26343346,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ProfessorElsaesser,Amazing Megaman/Roguelike hybrid. One of my favorite games to pick up and play. Co-op is super fun too. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,322110,26010842,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BeastGamerKuma,"Trickster and Kuma team to do our very first Co-op review tackling the rouge style game of 20XX featuring some killer Megaman style gameplay. Why are we doing a co-op review? Well, I am glad you asked even if you might have not. 20XX features a co-op mode where you get to play as either Nina or Ace depending on what you prefer or you can both be Nina or both be Ace.https://youtu.be/fFh9CyaoYaQPros:Taking an original Megaman concept and revamping it for a new co-op experience.Classic nostalgia platform experience that pulls no punches in challenges.Visually the game is beautiful and colorful. The character designs are fun and the enemies are pretty engaging.At an 11.99 price tag it is worth it.Cons:Controls can get weird at times.Bonus rooms are a bit repetitive.Conclusion:It came down to a split decision between Mr. Trickster and me as far as the game goes. We did agree that it is worth the price tag and many people will definitely enjoy this title over Mighty No. 9. Trickster gives 20XX a 4 out of 5 and Beast Gamer Kuma stays at a steady 3.5 out of 5. Definitely, pick this game up which is available right now. Stay frosty gamers and keep making magic!Co-op Review can be seen here:http://www.kumazokuentertainment.com/co-op-review-of-20xx/"
76561198142356357,Recommended,322110,23285545,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Rbade,"Just... Epic. Frigging epic. No complaints, could do with this as the full version. But it isn't."
,Recommended,322110,34274985,Posted: 16 August,all,Gen&Jukes,"Great game, now that it's out of early access I can put some real time in to it."
,Recommended,322110,24053770,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MolitovMichelle,"Not played long but will sit down with it tonight.This game is basically Megaman, thats all you need to know. If you like that style of game then this is one for you."
,Recommended,322110,21889684,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Ken,"Fantastic, love the upgrades and the shops. #NutsFTW"
,Recommended,322110,23860556,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Super Alexa,Take a lesson from these devs inafune
76561198041577387,Recommended,322110,31322274,Posted: 23 April,all,LiYuki,"I've never played a megaman game and I'm not a fan of rogue lites, I got this game because I wanted something I could just play for 10-20 min, have a fun time and put down and this game achieves that and much more.  It's a really fun time, try it out.  Worth it!"
76561198010821497,Recommended,322110,33933103,Posted: 31 July,all,McGreger,It's like Megaman X - just better!
76561198203959692,Recommended,322110,24096897,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Alphafraud Confirmed,0/10 no wave-dashing or multishining
76561198273459396,Recommended,322110,28318044,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SAOxXkiritoXxkun,i love love love this. think mega man x with some dark souls thrown in
,Recommended,322110,25720122,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Spooky Skeleton Man,Megaman X roguelike. Buy it!
76561198092573192,Recommended,322110,22881277,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,koinzell,a megaman x knockoff...........make that a goood megaman x knockoffinstead of picking a stageit randomly picks a stage for youand it gets harder and harder as you progress making ita challanging mess and sometime super hardthe stages will have waay more enemys then it should and a load of them will cover the stageand the bosses will be more aggrasive and will use new moves on you.there's co-op[its buggy]and challanges[it gets updated daily]you get to pick between X wanabee[buster user] and zero wanabee[sword user]you get to unlock items buy ether buying them or randomly finding them in stagesafter beating a bossit gives you the option to pick a weapon or random upgrade items that will help you along the waythe music is really catchy and will get stuck in your head for a wailif your a megaman fani strongly advise picking this fun knockoff.
,Recommended,322110,34613714,Posted: 30 August,all,Flashy,"It's lit, fam"
,Recommended,322110,24017127,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tsukiyomaru Zero,"Early Access, plays like Mega Man X, has random stages, very few non-obstructive bugs, multiplayer support and is still expanding.If it is worth it? HELLZ YEAH!"
76561198254065242,Recommended,322110,34285905,Posted: 16 August,all,Max larcenies,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LY5O0N0J8GU
76561198079530646,Not Recommended,322110,34316697,Posted: 17 August,all,Bou,"Level design is bland, generic and repetitive. Procedural generation does this game more harm than good in my opinion. I wish it had a level editor and workshop so I could play handcrafted community levels."
76561198402322467,Recommended,322110,34259113,Posted: 15 August,all,Azumi,"So, this is my 1st time writing a review in steamAs someone who never play megaman, let me tell you what happen in my 1st 3 hour of 20xxDIE multiple time due to environmental hazardDIE multiple time due to gravityDIE multiple time due to can't really grasp the jumping mechanic (only on the 1st hour)DIE multiple time due to a ""bee"" blocking my way which result in dying due to environmental hazardDIE multiple time due to a bee blocking my way which result in dying due to gravityFrustation level same as bloodborne, dark soul 3, darkest dungeon.Love given by creator to 20xx is clearly seenRecommended? Absolutely 9.5/10"
76561198002529659,Recommended,322110,23450252,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Goldingeagle,I like everything dislike Nothing ! can i have the music folder for all the songs !
,Recommended,322110,26517330,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,camux,Yay gameGame yay
,Recommended,322110,31407710,Posted: 27 April,all,Kwisatz Haderach,Better than Megaman. Make more. 10/10.
76561197998710555,Recommended,322110,25771008,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Skyleaf,"You don't mind well made jump and run mechanics? You like good, responsive and precise controls? Well then this game will be fun for you! I wouldn't even say you have to like megaman or any other rogue like for that matter, cause I personally enjoy it more than megaman, and it doesn't feel too much like a traditional rogue like because of its core gameplay. The rogue like parts and structure of the game are well made and seeminglessly integrated, and will never ♥♥♥♥ you over or make a run impossible. If you have someone to play coop with (2 players off and online!) the game becomes even better! And the devs really are making a very good use of early access and the updates are often spot on and never late!"
,Not Recommended,322110,20068450,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,󠁁  󠁁,"I'm at 1.2 hours in this game, and I'm not entirely sure if I want a refund or not.On one hand, the music's pretty snappy, the gameplay is pretty good (minus one point I'll get to in a bit), and it really echoes that Mega Man feel that they're going for. Approvals all around mostly. Enemy designs look FAR BETTER than the player designs. (If you're going to copy Mega Man in the glorious X~X4 days, why not make it look that good all around?)On the other hand, it's a Roguelike/Roguelite(?) - meaning that failure is just about inevitable unless you get a win condition/conditions during your run, a few glitches in a few stages render that precision platforming impossible alongside swarms of enemies that respawn when off-screen, useless lies of powerup pickups** and on a personal level - luck is trash**. Also, the playable character designs are eyesores - the ""X"" equivalent looks terrible, as does the ""Zero"" one, ""Zero"" is slightly less annoying to the eye. The game is in ""Early Access"" as well, so if you run screaming due to that, I don't blame you. It houses many a glitch - the most annoying of which being that whenever you start the game up, the game considers you WiiToddEd and INSISTS on showing you what pickups do (Health, Currency, Useless tokens, etc.) AGAIN, obscuring your screen for the duration of any pickup - not just the roguelike ""weapons and passives"" that you'll hopefully find.**In reference to luck, I haven't found anything worth using in several playthroughs, and that lack of boosted ability / powers will absolutely rear it's ugly head within 2-3 stage completions. Furthermore, the game touts ""FIND SECRET PATHS / OPTIONAL PATHS TO FIND POWERUPS AND UPGRADES!"" There aren't many. What I think is a secret usually ends up being health loss + fall into a pit after skillfully following a platform to a roof of some sort..*Powerups that aren't explicit benefits (and many that are!) are pretty useless. This isn't Binding of Isaac where powerups are EVERYWHERE and can be quickly amassed for actual gains. This is 20XX, where one item that boldly claims ""Enemies drop more health powerups!"" will follow with ""I killed 75 more enemies, and haven't found a single health pickup! I had to beat that last stage with one bar of health! Not ONE DROP!"". Many of the items are actually death traps. Speed increases? A particularly harrowing pickup that disables your ability to use special weapons at the cost of boosted strength? The air dash in particular is a let down. Should be a double jump instead!(***The game also has a nasty little bug I've run into. The aforementioned ""point I'll get to in a bit"", is here. Sometimes, the game loves to snuff out your jumps! If you hold down the dash key after dashing, every jump you do is a ""Dash Jump"" or empowered jump that goes faster, generally farther. If you're on a moving platform doing this, it may not allow you to jump, rendering you dead VERY VERY FAST. This is something that's unacceptable when combined with a certain level's difficulty curve compared to others..)Do I recommend it? Needs more balancing before I can give a clear yes or no. I'm leaning to ""No"" because the gameplay ""learning curve"" is out of tune. Plus I've just had no good runs in my time with it. This is an early access ""early-thoughts"" review.tl;dr - Don't pick SkyTemple stage unless you're ready to deal with fake difficulty. It's a stage that's 2-7x as long as the others and combined with many ANNOYING enemies that have shot reflection/block, rain down lasers, and has more general platforming than any Mega Man X series game has ever needed? It's a **** time all around, and will likely end your run."
,Not Recommended,322110,28870457,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Not Half Brad,"Tries really hard to capture the feel of Megaman X, but the controls don't feel especially pleasant, the artwork leaves something to be desired (its not pixel artwork), and the music is remeniscent but blah.Trailer makes me want to play it, but in practice it doesn't live up to the expectations I would have of a modern MMX."
,Not Recommended,322110,20217909,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bersi,"Pro:+ 2 Characters+ Co-Op+ ""MegaMan X""-like control scheme+ replayability+ musicCons:- repetitive enemys- unoriginal stages- huge RNG Factor within the upgrade system- without the right upgrades regaining health can become very difficult up to impossible20XX can be a great game. Right now it isn't. I like to play. It's addicting. The movement is flawless, but you heavily rely on the RNG the game tosses at you. You don't get enough or the right upgrades? Well, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. Sometimes you find yourself beating a boss but not taking his ability because a basic upgrade is more viable.The stages don't differ enough. There are 3 to 4 basic graphic sets I guess. Some enemys are scattered throughout all stages. Nearly every stage feels similiar to the previous one.  Similar enemys, similar visuals, similar jump parts.early access games are something special. You'll never know if the game gets finished. Wait for the full version or at least some patches to see if this game comes full circle. Then it will be a hell of a game I would like to master."
76561198126419637,Not Recommended,322110,34387638,Posted: 20 August,all,Juxastar,"As one who has played all of the Megaman X games, it felt great to be able to dash jump, charge your buster and more. I loved how the game felt, it may feel weird at first but I would recommend readjusting your settings before thinking this game is sluggish or its movements is off. Despite liking the platform segments which are top notch, there is one thing that held the game back to me. Rouge like elements. I suck at these type of games but that doesn't mean I'll bash the game because I'm bad it, but rather I wouldn't recommend to any casual fan who is looking for a megaman hole to fill. As long as you understand what a rouge game is, I would totally recommend this game. But for everyone else who doesn't have the willpower to play through hours of gameplay to past the game at least once, no. I was weak I admit, but I was happy playing this game, and I'll gladly admit this is still a solid game, just not a game for everyone."
76561198064738675,Not Recommended,322110,21454731,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sneaky Potato,"I'm a pretty big Mega Man fan, and I was really excited as I came across this game on Steam. I read most of the reviews, and decided to grab it for me and my wife to play. Lets take a look.PROS:- Great idea. Not many other Mega Man style games out there. I feel like it could potentially be a good game. I like the idea of the rogue-style.- Very reminscent of Mega Man games, down to the character models and enemies.- Randomization of levels can be interesting. I can see there being replay value here.CONS:- Boring after about fifteen minutes. You just start to lose interest because of a few reasons I'll list below.- Very poor co-op. It's just honestly not very fun. Most of the time you're in each other's way, and the other person feels like a tag-along. It's like both people are playing a single player game, and there isn't any interaction. It's more frustrating than anything else.- Awful bosses. This game makes you work towards bosses that aren't really unique or very fun to even fight. Most of them are defeated easily. You're given their powers, but once you die you lose it all. It really loses the strategy behind Mega Man boss fights, where you fight one boss to get his power that will help you defeat another. You're working towards the ""boss"" every level, but most of the time the bosses are just regular enemy models that have different colors.- Randomization in levels. Seems like such a cool idea, until you realize that the levels get frustrating at times and you're just grinding to get to the end. The levels lose their charm quickly because of the randomness, which kind of kills any feeling of a story. There's no stopping and going back to base, customization of your gear or bonuses or character, or really anything. You lose all of your progress when you die, and it sucks to load up the game and start from scratch simply because you really don't feel any kind of satisfaction by getting far. You don't really work towards anything.VERDICT:Overall, I feel like this game needs some more story structure in order to give us a direction. I found myself disliking the game fairly quickly, which isn't something that happens to me often. I wasn't expecting Mega Man here, but they gave the game such a Mega Man look and feel that I can't help but compare it. I would suggest they add a Story mode that allows you to hit checkpoints after killing bosses. Make the bosses more difficult and the levels more varied. Powerups are disappointing and the nut system is exciting until you realize you don't really care about anything that you can buy.Structure is important, because this game is a little confusing in the beginning. I feel like a short tutorial level, which is prevelant in some of the Mega Man games, would be useful here. The first few bosses that I fought were disappointing because I didn't realize they were actually bosses.I can't recommend this game in the current state. It's playable, but not very fun. If you're looking for some classic Mega Man gameplay, go get an emulator and play Mega Man."
76561198052785444,Not Recommended,322110,21174695,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,servando,"Two months later...I haven't really been able to find the game very engrossing. I usually can only stay entertained by it for about 20 minutes before bordedom sets in. Without a sense of accomplishment the game feels endlessly pointless. I have no interest in online multiplayer which might help others enjoy it...In two months 16 hours of gameplay is pretty sad for something that seemed so promising. It's close, but it's just severely missing a ""fun"" factor.The random levels makes finding power ups a chore, and as another reviewer said ""a death trap."" As there may or may not be anything there or a way to get back.The bosses are lame at best, just glorified level creeps. With the level challange to beating them being the level, itself, becoming more difficult as they get harder. With no story it's hard to find a reason to care about fighting them. They repeat constantly, I think there are maybe 4-5 bosses? All garbage, all lacking a sense of accomplishment.The developers have added very trollish items to ruin your runs, like one that removes almost all of your health and another that removes your ability to use specials. The items don't say what they do instead having some cryptic description. Think finally making if further than you have only to pickup an item that gaurantees your death. It's just not fun.In mega man, you would get more poweful as you got ""upgrdes"" in this it's not always the case and I personally hate it.I really dislike the in level shops as they almost never have worthwhile items or perhaps there just are no worthwhile items.I'm going to actually uninstall now because at this point it's becoming clearer and clearer to me I just want to play mega man x and that this game won't ever give me the real satisfaction due to its rogue like elements the developers seem to insist on.Random level generation is garbage and I feel an excuse to not have good level design, this isn't Terraria. Also there are only 3-4 really different feeling levels the rest is petty much just copy/paste with a few different textures.If you like mega man games, I'd say pass. It'll feel good at first but after a little bit be prepared to be underwhelmed and sad at having something so close be so far off."
76561198120708578,Not Recommended,322110,34406047,Posted: 21 August,all,joey2683,"20xx is built to feel like megaman, but that's it. If you truly enjoyed megaman for more than the art style, you might find this game lacking. It has none of the memorable stages or feeling of progression megaman is so well remembered for. I bought this game because everyone was so sure megaman fans will love this game, but in truth it has very little similarity to megaman. It might have the same character style, projectiles and some similar levels, but the controls feel very loose and if you don't start with a good run, the game is pretty much over. There's no real way to get very good at it since every level is randomly generated. I know that this is meant to keep the game feeling fresh, but it feels kind of lazy to me. I give it a 3/5, as it is a fun rougelike game, but not a fun megaman game."
,Not Recommended,322110,23483145,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,[WDZ] Gregorius,"When I read the description of a ""roguelike action platformer"" in the same vein as classics such as Mega Man X, I was excited beyond belief. I bought the game, I installed it, and I immediately dove head-first into the world with a feeling of nostalgia backing a fresher and more modern take on the genre... but you know what they say about that: ""Go in with high expectations, and you'll only walk out disappointed.""I gave both protagonists and a majority of the eight bosses in the game a fair and honest shot before coming to this conclusion. After an hour in the game, I asked myself, ""Alright, where's the classic mode that lets me fight enemies and bosses in any order I see fit?"" And despite all of the amazing modes that I could choose from—daily and weekly challenges, hardcore challenges with game-changing augments, a normal mode for that nostalgic jump-'n'-shoot platformer feel, and a casual mode which allows you to start the game with any three bonuses you've collected or purchased in the past—I could not find the thing I wanted most out of the entire game: a simple choose-your-own adventure style of game where I could pick it up and progress at my leisure... in-game, my only options are pick it up and play through to the bitter end in one fell swoop, or die trying and lose absolutely all progress made in that attempt with no option to continue right off the bat.In a similar style as games like Rogue Legacy and even some Castlevania titles, enemies come in three different flavors, typically a base form and some differently colored yet more powerful versions found in later levels. Not only is this something of a cheap attempt at padding the game out to make it seem like there's plenty of enemy diversity, some of them are just downright bull to fight like a ballista-type enemies that fires rapidly in varying arcs in one form while the next form has it firing slightly slower but triples the number of projectiles per shot. The bosses in this game can either be some of the easiest things in the world or a complete nightmare to fight... I think the one I hated least was ""Perforator Alpha"" who, so long as you're against the wall behind him, will never be able to hit you ever; likewise, there are bosses in this game that can be just a pain to fight like ""Rollster"" who has an enormous hitbox himself but has attacks that can be downright impossible to dodge, or ""Death Lotus"" who can only be damaged after making a long vertical trek up a long shaft with slippery disappearing platforms from top to bottom which can be incredibly imprecise when you can randomly pick up abilities that change your speed and jump height on a whim.I think the largest problem I have with the game is the characters' weapon selection itself; Nina and Ace's default weapons are objectively the best among them and anything else is a considerable downgrade for the most part. While on the topic of bosses, some of the weapons you earn are just completely ineffectual—Perforator's boss weapon is pretty good against anything that isn't a boss, but it chews through ammo too quickly to be of any use; Rollster's weapon has great utility, but horrible range; Vile Spider's weapon is little more than a 'get-out-of-jail-free' card when surrounded by an undodgeable bullet hell... and that's really all I can remember off the top of my head. On the topic of the characters' own weapons, I did mention that their basic weapons were objectively better than anything else, and I hold to that statement. For Nina, one of the weapons I got allowed me to fire in four different directions simultaneously but absolutely neutered my frequently-used charge attack, and an attack that let me fire off shots in a wave which wasn't all too powerful; for Ace, however, my two weapons were a spear that extended and retracted horizontally after a short delay, and something called the Blender that, in theory, is incredibly cool—if you've played a Castlevania game, you might know it as the 'Crissaegrim' or 'Valmanway'... but there's only one word for it in this game, and it's 'garbage'. And because I had to go through a nigh-impossible onslaught of pre-placed stage hazards to get to it, I had to advance another minute or so into the level before I even got to test it, at which point it's too late to try and backtrack to undo your mistake. The range is incredibly poor when you're initially attacking and the upper and lower bound of the hitbox are too short for what appears on screen (I almost had to be inside of my enemies to damage them); only after killing consecutive enemies does the attack get larger and more substantial, but it fades almost immediately, making the meager benefit entirely worthless.I wanted to come into this game liking it. The bosses have interesting designs, the procedurally-generated levels are fun up to a certain point and the protagonists have a distinct charm about them, especially Nina, a strong female protagonist where good woman leads are still few and far between... but with each subsequent playthrough, I found that getting increasingly hard to do, especially since I made a risk to try an early-access game well before any proposed completion date. I've already demanded a refund through Steam, but I will be watching the game's progress from the distant sidelines; if I feel at any point that I was wrong about this game, I will funnel my money back into it and give your product an honest second shot. At this point, however... I think I was just suckered by the pretty colors and charming art style."
,Not Recommended,322110,34404702,Posted: 21 August,all,Maragnus,"I purchased this to be played co-op with my daughter.  Unfortunately, when using the Steam Link, all attached controllers including the keyboard only controls the main character.  Yet all of the controllers appear in the options menu.  I returned the game without playing it.  It looks awesome but did not work for the specific reason it sounded fun to me.  I waited patiently until a stable version came out and it still wasn't quite ready."
,Not Recommended,322110,34388200,Posted: 20 August,all,Zigan,"The game seemed appealing at first but soon starts to become extremely inconsistent. I thought this would play a bit more like Dead Cells, just with a Megaman vibe... however, I was wrong.While I very much enjoy Dead Cells, 20XX lacks depth in just about every area. The main base/hub and items offered to the player does not feel like a progressive platform where you get better and more powerful and instead feels like a big happy-go-lucky megaman sandbox sidescroller. The UI and inventory also needs major work as most of the text is sort of painful to read and gather any real evidence that the player has accomplished anything. That's the only way I can basically put it unless you'd like to read more of my ranting.................Ok... The only thing worth mentioning is the variety of bosses you're eventually able to face, however, what's upsetting is the repeditive gameplay and sluggish controls that I can only guess true hardcore classic megaman players will put up with. Being able to wall jump, dashing and moving in crazy acrobatic manuevers only to be limited to shoot in a straight line... This quickly becomes ever more frustrating when enemies are barely 2 pixels from being below or above you, thus forcing you to jump and time ever so accurately to lay a hit. While a majority of enemies die in 1 or 2 hits, some others take several or dozens while being placed in a helter-skelter fashion of the level with no spared expense of extra platforms to dash about to that may or may not dissipear. That being said, the platforming model used in this game is just a little too extreme and chaotic to say the least. A lot of the early levels I found myself in were full of slippery ICE blocks that are NOT forgiving whatsoever and become infuriating while you may just be trying to simply get back to where you were without being stabbed by spikes. Before you know it you are down to 1 health and then you slip off an edge, or maybe didn't see the upside down gravity walkway on the ceiling... While the levels are indeed random, they are not surprising or challenging and feel very linear, and even moreso annoying and easily able to make out chunks that you just witnissed in the last run. The level artwork, enemies and bosses are  well done and polished, although something about the actual player character design and story is just very cheesy and less polished and looks like it was designed in Adobe Flash a decade ago."
76561198086398377,Recommended,322110,34344854,Posted: 19 August,all,E-WRECK,"Dark Souls for Mega Man Fans, masochism at it's finest, 11/10"
,Not Recommended,322110,34426238,Posted: 22 August,all,Sid1120,"The megaman series require the controls to feel absolutely on point. They are often unforgiving, but for the right reasons.This game, however, gets it absolutely wrong. The jump is god awfuk: most of the stages have been designed so the ceiling blocks your path unless you're a super lucky man or you spent 2hours+ practicing this 1 bad mechanic.Other jumps are just too high: you cant make it to the top part of a level unless you hit the exact last 2 frames of a jump. It's just bad.I really wanted to like this, but I can't. It's not on par with the greats like Speluinky and it's not even enjoyable... so stick to the platformers that can get the freaking bjump button right :("
,Not Recommended,322110,20593951,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,NeoKurow,"Probably not recommended... Not enough weapons variations, annoying random levels, no continues and no even health regeneration after each stage even on ""casual"".... this is suppose to be for speed runners or something but as a mega man clone is not good enough. If you are looking for a better megaman experience you can try A.R.E.S or Azure Striker Gunvolt both are better games."
76561198052946918,Not Recommended,322110,21008551,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rundas From Halo,"This is only or diehard megaman fans only. The Graphics and music, while okay, conflict, as its a cartoony artstyle with chiptune music. Even with the okay visuals, its a buggy mess even for a beta game, i couldnt even see a platform at certain points. Most diffuculty is due to cheap level and enemy placement and the graphical issues i stated earlier. I don't Recoomend"
,Not Recommended,322110,33213848,Posted: 3 July,all,Swagsire,"As it currently stands, I cannot reasonably reccomend this game. The pieces are all there, but they just aren't polished and fit correctly. It felt like playing a super early version of X4. I ran into several situations in challenge rooms where they were impossible to complete due to either a bug or an upgrade I didn't have, i'm not quite sure. The bosses attacks are seemingly random with no real pattern, and most of their weapons seemed to not work properly. I wanted to like this, as a huge Mega Man X fan, but the challenge just isn't there, and neither is the fast paced gameplay I was looking for. I hope things improve.It's not a bad game, but I'd really rather just go play X."
76561197968773976,Not Recommended,322110,33126071,Posted: 2 July,all,[OTL] Dekaas,"Beat it once, never really came back to it and thats what it is, fun for about a hour or 2."
76561197993822062,Not Recommended,322110,34564543,Posted: 28 August,all,the_hodiji,"Frustrating, not fun"
76561198006400479,Not Recommended,322110,18563662,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Grimdonuts,"Like rogue legacy with random maps and one life each run. Becomes rather difficult with enemy placement to stay alive. I have done several runs and managed to only maybe kill two bosses before dying to something stupid in the stage. This is very similar to how my experience with Rogue Legacy was. Clear 2 dungeons and then die. I'm probably not too skilled, but I can definitely say this game isn't for me."
76561198150312258,Not Recommended,322110,31248641,Posted: 19 April,all,Wolflord Ignis,"controller support could be a little easier, the games actually really hard without it. if you don't mind a little hassle, or you know how to deal with that sort of thing, go for it. this games good.EDIT: after some screwing around with controllers, you'll need to get your hands on a WIRED 360 controller, if you don't already have one. the game doesn't work with anything else. a 360 controller with a charger adapter will not work either.this games controller support is very limited, and if you don't have the one single controller this game supports, you'll have a hard time playing, or you'll have to spend more money than the game is worth, and more money than the game is selling for."
76561197977664607,Not Recommended,322110,23778013,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Juuza,"Great game, however i suggest you wait for them to replace the placeholder flash-tweened paper dolls with the actual sprites they've been working on.oh whats that?oh... oh no....Edit: games out, better luck next time"
76561198176196279,Not Recommended,322110,35359251,Posted: 30 September,all,TabsTheGreat,"There is no denying it, this game is a Megaman rip-off. Not even a good one either. The controls are terrible, level design is random, and the tutorial is more frustrating than useful."
,Not Recommended,322110,33177379,Posted: 3 July,all,burito,"Randomly generated levels means = unfinishable levels, but no, it's your fault for sucking.The handling is pretty close to perfect, but not actually there.The graphics are 90% finished, it probably looks brilliant if you play it at 800x600, but it lets you set any mode, all the way up to 4k, at which resolution the misaligned textures and off by one errors are as plain as day. Heck most of the errors are quiet visible at 1080p.The only thing stopping a glowing review from me at this point though is the level design, of which there is none as the levels are randomly generated. There's no secrets, nothing that can be unlocked by coming back later with a new ability (coming back later is not possible), heck the abilities themselves are utterly inconsequential.Like all randomly generated games, this one is as thin as tissue paper. The pioneer of this field, Nethack, compensated for this with a dizzying amount of items, monsters, and obscure things to do with the above, requiring literally game breaking power abuse to finish. This has no such mechanic.This is based on a game for which its level design was its strength, and it's opted to try to tackle that without any level design. Is it any wonder what this game is like to play then?"
,Not Recommended,322110,20999487,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Shipuli,"If you love Megaman, don't buy this game. If you want to pay from over prized and terrible flash game, then go ahead. I bought this game because i love old Megaman games. Not worth it.."
,Not Recommended,322110,33204517,Posted: 3 July,all,zombie_gutts,Half finished game. Controls are sloppy. Art looks like a deviant art ran wild. In the style of MegaMan but falls pretty short.
76561198134059234,Not Recommended,322110,22582723,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,GreenCat,"I played this game about 40 hours now and I won't stop play this game. This game is a good game. It fun. But I will let you know why you should not buy this game, Just for now.First, It isn't mega man. It feel like but not.Second, This game was unbalance. Every thing was all about random and sometime when they have a new update. I can beated it. Because the health items doesn't drop. But sometime it drop to much. Ones time when I play it never drop health item. So i dead. And sometime I keep screw for buy items. The shop never appear. Every thing that I want never appear. It about your luck. For me this game was not finish.The thired one was just my own perspective. It has no story. Just JUMP and SHOOT. This game was call 20XX It has to be something happen. But not.conclusion : If you are a mega man fan and you expect this will be a good mega man game. You will be a little bit disappointed. But still you will get other good side scrolling game. But for my recommendation you should wait. Let them finish this game first and then buy it."
76561198066049089,Not Recommended,322110,32968958,Posted: 28 June,all,18,"I was hoping for a megaman clone with multiplayer and if you're hoping for that too I would be slighly disppointed.For starters this game just starts no story no nothing to drive you through the game.The gameplay isn't like megaman it looks like it is but it isn't, everything from your dash to your blaster feels hollow and feels as it has no impact. Unlike megaman from the levels to the bosses you swear this game is on easy mode there are no spikes that will kill you in one hit, this game is on a constant mission to push you through its level it doesn't want to frustrate you the player with any sort of challenge. When entering a boss door before you fall from the air to the ground the boss is already introduced and moving there is no timing its like this game has ADHD and the bosses designs and abilities are so uninspired if you happen to get by anything these bosses throw out at you may have unplugged your controller as that would be the only reasonable excuse.The best description of this game is a hack n' slash shooter, it takes no braincells to play you may find fun in multiplayer but this game is basically like a speedrun in which you're speedrunning just to get the game over with.(((((EDIT)))))  _____________________________________________________________This game may of not been for me but I went in with certain expectations that probably hurt my ability to enjoy the game to its full extent, if it was to be said I didn't give this game a fair chance and my biases killed my enjoyment then you would be right. This game isn't Megaman its something else and different isn't necasarily bad but its not the game I was looking for so I encourage you to still give it a chance.The Development team among many I have spoken to took the time to listen too my complaints even though I come from a place of 0.4 hours of incite, they still listened and if you like this game or think it has potential I would trust them and the direction they choose to take with your best interests and intentions in mind."
76561198171210381,Not Recommended,322110,23509804,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,hasbun.javier,"No story, I prefer Megaman, please develop a Story to the game and clear stages."
76561197984092381,Not Recommended,322110,28301932,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,IbrakMoors,"Why the developers took the worst parts of the megaman games and thought to proceduralt generate vanishing block BS along with♥♥♥♥♥♥move enemy placemnt is beyond me. Never outside a MOBA has rage been had tryting to make ones way across the first stage and getting jump bloced by a bat from offscreen or a perfectly shot mortar from offscreen. Bravo you sure showed your great enemy placement by picking me off everytime in a mid jsump wehn i can't avoid it. Mabey add something fair like a stage that doesn't require precison jumping while avoiding pixel perfect enemy timing,you know so that we can, mabey, enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,322110,31591874,Posted: 6 May,all,twigsama,Draws a lot of inspiration from the Megaman X series but executes it differently.Big MMX fan but not really feeling the play style and progression of this game.
76561198061434417,Not Recommended,322110,34335739,Posted: 18 August,all,instanthuman86,DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU HAVE A CONTROLLER. I messed with the button configurations for around 30 minutes and couldn't find a setup that was easy or enjoyable to use with a keyboard. Probably fun if you own a controller or play a lot of these types of games with a keyboard.
76561198070528367,Not Recommended,322110,23697352,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Slaylem,"Too difficult with insufficient reward for persistence. I have no problem completing multiple runs on most rogue-likes because the different items or power-ups that you find on each run may potentially improve the likelyhood of advancement or success. The items and power-ups I've found in my short 20XX runs have, so far, been lackluster or not beneficial enough to compensate for my apparent lack of ability. I was attempting Casual runs and still died at or before the second boss. You could say that I simply need to play more to develop the skills to advance. You'd be absolutely right. The problem is that the game doesn't seem to offer anything alluring enough to make me want to try all over again from the beginning. Megaman, at least, gave you the opportunity to try again a few times. Either Megaman as a rogue-like is just a bad idea, or it was done poorly here. In any case, I would have taken a refund, but I spent too much time trying to determine if this is a game worth trying to get better at or not. Now it's too late. When I received word that my refund was denied, I figured I should give it another go since I'm stuck with it. It turns out it's still not fun. Screw it. Uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,322110,35399538,Posted: 1 October,all,Colynato,"Overated indie trash, with annoying rouge-lite elements, staring the wonky, uninspired, and newgrounds-esque Mega Man X OC: Nina!""YAY! It's the new Mega Man X! It's MMX9!!1!!1!!"" - Everyone ever""It controls like MMX!"" - Everyone else everOkay, but the rest of the game sure ain't.- Lame minibosses are now bosses. (Who needs actual boss design?)- Powerups are just projectile alterations /w no utility and very little versatility. (Even more disappointing for a rouge-like, let alone MMX clone)- Obnoxiously absurd level generation, enemy placements, bottomless pits, and spikes! (Good luck getting past post-7th-level)- No lives, no checkpoints (of course it's a rouge-lite) So only with good luck will you ever get to the final boss and beat the game.- Memes/Hipster Nerdy references (Stay unoriginal and unclassy and especially unfunny my dudes)- Overall not funI love me some Mega Man and I love me some rouge-lites, but this game drained me of any hope for fun.The classic Mega Man X design is at naturally at odds with RNG...But if you like MMX and rouge-lites and wanna give this a try, go ahead. Apparently, I'm one out of a few who did not like this experience. Maybe you'll like it, but for me...I will not recommend."
76561198041743735,Not Recommended,322110,25705900,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kramatus,"It's mostly fun, I'll admit, but it's not in my library because of a few issues.The biggest issue being (sigh...) the Rogue-like application to Mega-Man not working.The whole combination works out like a mustard and cocktail sauce condiment for your sandwich.It's not a bad combination for some, but it obviously appeals to those who can handle the weird and aqquired taste. (and I can't vouch for that analogy, as I'm not willing to take that risk with the sandwiches that I make.)Within the main series games of Megaman, be it the classic series or the X series, you get to choose which bosses you battle, and therefore, what powers you get from said bosses, by traversing through their stages that have specific enemy placement.Having enemies placed on a single narrow platform isn't a dealbreaker for most, but it is annoying, and it's something you're bound to see a lot of throughout the game.It could just be me though, because I honestly don't have any experience with Megaman games to begin with..."
76561198250866708,Not Recommended,322110,24898324,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,drakeslayer15,not a fan dont like the gameplay
76561198145519508,Not Recommended,322110,28885294,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ZebediahCross,Too much focus on insta-death. Some people mistake frustrating for fun.
,Not Recommended,322110,34424726,Posted: 22 August,all,Palfrey,"Very hard, and didn't feel like that much variability. Was expecting more from a ""roguelike"""
,Not Recommended,322110,34491989,Posted: 25 August,all,shadowknight6,"6/10i reeallly love the megaman franchise and the games taht are similar to it so when i found this i was really hoping it was gonnabe good. but.... i was disappointed.lets start with the good thingsPROS:1.amazing music2.great art style3.two players- this game would probably be a lot more fun with 2 peopleCONS:1.INSANE DIFFICULTY- this game is super hard even on the easist mode so i couldnt even beat one level2.not an ounce of plot- maybe this is just because i couldnt beat a level3.no checkpoints- when you die you either go back to the beginning of the stage or back to HQ4.slippery and delayed controls- which is a very bad thing in a megaman type of game5.i don't like ace's character design6.it feels unfinished like a demo or somethingAlthough, this whole review was just my opinion on game and so are all the other ones so this review with a pinch of salt"
76561197966385727,Not Recommended,322110,34298171,Posted: 16 August,all,Evilnapkin,"I liked how it played before and was looking forward to 1.0 for the final stage (wasn't there in Early Access).  1.0 lands and I'm excited.  They've obviously made a lot of changes since the last time I played (February of this year) because despite looking pretty much the same and playing identically, there's been a lot of adjustments to enemy values and whatnot that makes it feel like an entirely different game.An entirely different game I can no longer enjoy or recommend.  This is the first time I've ever played a game post-EA and felt like it never should've left."
76561198146305159,Not Recommended,322110,33390924,Posted: 8 July,all,Meepster,Overly difficult unresponsive trash. It is unfair to any second player becasue half the time theuy cant even see what yuo need to jump on. Every time you try you cant get permanent rewards that tou get every run which is bad. No charecter upgrades. your box is very big and hard to conterol while also if an enamy gets above yuo yuor dead since you have no upward damage.  Tons of artifical diffulculty and doesnt look good or saound goood at all. If you want to be like megaman you need thumpin beats.3\10 right now (it is in early access)i hope this gets better it is a good idea but to me it offers no rewards fo rplaying more as in permanent charecter upgrades. Check others game in the rogue like section.EDIT: Since I have posted this the developers have offered help and seem to care about what people think. Var Geod
,Not Recommended,322110,34285447,Posted: 16 August,all,White Kyurem,This game gets very repetitive very quickly and the game is very punishing as opposed to ligitiment difficulty.4/10
76561198040027211,Not Recommended,322110,32247887,Posted: 7 June,all,Wonderland,Just wasnt what I had hoped for.
,Not Recommended,322110,34420046,Posted: 22 August,all,Rocket_Man,This game is how your father sees you. . . .A disappointment.
,Not Recommended,322110,29642468,Posted: 1 February,all,Cotton_Knight,"Its kinda good if you're into the megaman x series, a generic version it. Game is good with graphics, you can play with a very weak version of megaman and zero. The game doesn't make you feel like you are progressing,once you die you don't get to keep your upgrades, you start from the beginning. The dev are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ designed maps that is sometimes impossible to not take dmg. What i hate the most is that they don't recover your HP after you defeat a boss. Hence playing this game is a complete waste of time and you are better off wiping your♥♥♥♥♥with your money. If you like a challage of repetitive waste of time then this game is for you. Overall its just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of megaman X, go play the real thing."
,Not Recommended,322110,34318744,Posted: 17 August,all,Rabid[TQM],"Utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥controls, level design, enemy behaviour, boss tactics. This game should never be compared to Binding of Isaac, despite the fact it straight stole half the idea. Rogue legacy is the game you want if you like this style, minus the megaman esque skin loosely slapped on top. Insta Refund in the first 10 minutes."
76561198057514605,Not Recommended,322110,31894259,Posted: 21 May,all,Limitlessman,"The menu is funless.Please : Return key = Return (Not space key)Escape key = Back (Not Z key)When you catch how configure the game. It's funny.But I can't play a game where you loose your reward.You kill a boss, you got his weapon AND YOU LOOSE IT.WHY."
,Not Recommended,322110,18050453,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Sad!,"One time I went to Toysrus to buy some pokemon cards and i got a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥and then i cried. That experience is this game.This game is worse than Hitler giving me Nazi anal while killing African children with a kitchen knife. If you have no will to live or you have 8 dollars, then get this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.Chill its a joke, this game isn't that bad. However, there were a lot of issues with me and my friend when playing, and it was just a drag."
,Recommended,322110,30614278,Posted: 19 March,all,Dark Killer Assassin Of Darkness,"Brooo that's amazing, just buy it right now!!"
,Recommended,322110,19381020,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Facemeat,"This game brings me back to the days of Megaman X on SNES.  I spent countless hours on those games and they hold a special place in my hard.  20XX brings the nostalgia hard, without seeming like a total rip off.  As far as the gameplay goes, the controls are tight, the mechanics are great, and the challenges and leaderboards never leave you bored.The only con I have about this game, although it's still in beta, the animations feel a bit ""tweeny"" to me, a little too much like a flash game for my liking."
,Recommended,322110,22509573,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Gryan Flemmons,"It's roguelike Megaman X, and it's ♥♥♥♥ing great! That's really all you need to know."
,Recommended,322110,22452609,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,pokopish,"It's like megaman X/Megaman Zero, but rougelike with powerups that don't last.There's a ton of content already in the game with more coming!Seriously, get the game."
76561198021213786,Recommended,322110,21709656,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Katze Werfer,"I would definetlly recomend this game to any megaman X fans, Kind of sad that that they didn't add a story at this point.But it's basicly a speed runs paridice in some ways. you really just go through the levels to kil the 8 bosses that get more difficult with each level you get to. if you die you go back to the ship to cash in you soul nuts to either unlock or buy some augments.So I really hope that you will pick this game up and enjoy it."
76561198049437950,Recommended,322110,22418937,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,SoulSteals,"Love it. Can't stop playing, lol."
76561197992233493,Recommended,322110,22186272,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Exodiquas,"For everyone who likes fast paced, mega man and rogue like, high difficulty jump and run games, this is absolutely the right choice. When I bought it I wasn't convinced that it is good. But since then, this game just got incredible good. The devs of this game take feedback seriously, you can even give them ideas for the game and they may implement it. This game is now my favorite jump and run game (okay, sharing a place with Wings of Vi)."
,Recommended,322110,22394746,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Scrumb,If you like Megaman X and the basic conventions of Roguelikes this is kind of a no brainer. Gets lots of updates and has changed dramatically since I bought it a few months ago which is great. Love the countdown timer on the start-up screen to the next update.
76561197998819752,Recommended,322110,22355360,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Devilcat,"""Megaman X and Binding of Isaac had a baby. It's name is 20XX""[Full review pending]A rougelike platformer with heavy inspiration from the Megaman X series. It borrows several mechanics such as wall-kicking, armor pieces which provide new powers, gaining weapons from bosses as well as the ability to switch between a swordsman- and a gunner-type character. You gain powerups which give increased stats and other useful features simillar to other rougelikes. Levels are randomly generated as is the norm for rougelikes. Highly addictive. You'll keep coming back trying to do better than last time.8/10"
,Recommended,322110,22283120,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SonOfDusk,"So far, its very good and really addicting. its a great formula, mixing Mega Man with roguelike elements and unlockables. It feels like I've been waiting for a game like this without even knowing. The 2 characters are basically MM and Zero, and feel instantly familiar in the best way possible. It has the perfect difficulty, challenging enough to make things interesting, but not rediculous rage-quit hard.The game is updated very frequently; there has been multiple updates that positively affect the game (although the buzzsaw boss drives me nuts now). The game runs smooth for the most part, but occassionally there is a bit of lag for a few seconds.9/10 already an amazing game, with even more potential + active/passionate devs :) keep up the good work!"
76561198291384823,Recommended,322110,22322103,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,HeartthrobRob,This game is very fun. Definitely feels reminiscent of Megaman. However it is challenging. You don't keep your power ups or stay saved at a level if you die. You essentially have to start completely over. Maybe this will be fixed later.
,Recommended,322110,21583806,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Remiarn,"If you love megaman style games then I think you will love this game. It has all the diffculity of the old megaman games mixed with the love of the roguelike style and procedural generated levels that keeps it fresh every time you go back to replay it. The game is updated frequently and you always know when the next patch is coming out from the counter on the main screen or you can join the group for ealier updates so, theres always something to new coming out at the moment. If you want all the megaman action with all the controller throwing, hair ripping, and soul shattering fun that comes with great platforming then you need to play this.  With all the weapons to unlock, boss's to kill, and always reaching for your own new best score it will keep you entertained. That is if you make it through the soul shattering part >:)"
76561198104158965,Recommended,322110,18125789,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Fishing Guru,"Gameplay has a great feel of megaman about it but with a few tweaks. Spikes and pits don't insta kill, but it's a rogue-like so that would be too punishing, but it still does punish you by taking 1 health.You can choose between 2 characters, one which plays like megaman and the other which plays like zero, first with buster like gun, and the other has a sword.Platforming feels great as controls and character control are both spot on, but also augmented by different pickups to make you feel even more mobile.Two forms of progression, items you find in a run to give you more health, energy, damage etc. And then with a second currency you can buy items that will then appear in future runs.Also to top it off there is co-op which really adds to the fun, will say it has crashed for the client a few times so far, but it is early access and that's being worked on.And finally the music, remarkable, no other way to describe it. Has a huge megaman vibe abut it which always makes you hyped for the next level.Bought this for me and a friend, best £18 I've spent in a long time."
,Recommended,322110,18126744,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,eronios,As a fan of the mega man franchise I cannot reccomend this enough. Even in a pre-release state it is super polished and has a ton of content. I can't wait to see what they do with it by the full release.
76561198087634072,Recommended,322110,18111275,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,mr.hendrix,"The game is simply amazing.  It's difficult, but addicting."
,Recommended,322110,16374693,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,123,"A rougelike game that is very close to the Megaman X serious, still in early development, but its one of the most playable alphas ive seen. 9/10 will play again."
,Recommended,322110,30587988,Posted: 18 March,all,Loweecon(◕^^◕),"This game is friggin awesome,even for early Early Access game 20XX is really goodThis game is perfect for megaman fans specifically the x series and zero series.Pro-Good Graphics/artstyle-Fun gameplay (haven't try the coop mode)-Lots of upgrades to choose from.-Great Replay value-Fun and Challenging mapsCon-So far I haven't spotted any problem with this game when I do I'll make sure to update this review as soon as possible.In conclusionRecommended,If you love platform games or megaman games You might wanna give 20XX a try It's not bad as Megaman X7 or mighty no.9 you know.*cough*"
,Recommended,322110,18825454,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,AlexisLightus,"So..put the idea of roguelikes and megaman X in to a blender and what pops out..This gamewho knew that formula would work like it does?over all the game is pretty good the music is pleasent to listen to the stages and enemies are pretty neat looking but because of the roguelike nature of doing things over and over and over untill your butt falls off they MAY end up getting stale to look at if you arent super in to the roguelike style games.. in which case you know what you are getting in to.right now we get 2 characters Nina and Ace  lady Magman and Zero with out the super long blond hair.the power ups and abilities are pretty nice the bosses are pretty cool.there is a leaderboard with veriants on the diffrent runs, a hard mode and skull modifiers to make it even harderwhile its still in early access so far it seems solid heres hoping it keeps going and keeps getting better!"
76561198126371632,Recommended,322110,30544487,Posted: 16 March,all,Strider,"Absolute love! I've been looking for a game similar to Megaman X for so long now since X isn't on steam but this game fills that void completely. Great platformer to relax and have fun with, great music (especially agnisort that track is hottt<3), and a survival aspect that encourages you to get good at the game since it is roguelike. 10/10 worth it."
,Recommended,322110,30567534,Posted: 17 March,all,Muawiyah V.,REALLY NICE GAME. SUPPORT INDIE!
76561198048499682,Recommended,322110,30455312,Posted: 11 March,all,NotWellKnown,"This is the best megaman game that wasn't. If you love the blue bomber or are just into fast paced sidescrollers with a generous helping of rogue-like procederally generated levels, this is the game for you. Plus, the regular updates just keep making it better."
,Recommended,322110,20904634,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Seika『Papi Chulo』,"Pretty good, scratches my Mega Man X itch pretty good. Level 4 and beyond become super difficult, so hold on to your butt."
76561198048924176,Recommended,322110,20129046,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BuckForth,The game started out buggy but has been defenatly worked on since then.a TON of fun to play with a friend.The makers are great with getting back to you about issues too.
,Recommended,322110,20883956,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ÄßŠ†®ÅχÎØη,"20XX is a pretty fun roguelike game to play with friends. It has lots of different abilities, enemies & worlds to explore. It has daily & weekly challenges; including hardcore ones which are basically impossible :). In addition to that, it has skulls which can be used to modify the gameplay experience even further (think Halo). Multiplayer co-op is really fun and the different character types (melee & range) play well together.Only negative is I've hit a few crashes from time to time, but usually on loading so it's not too impactful. The net code, admitted by the devs as sketchy when loading into an MP game, usually shows the other person you are playing with clipping through platforms and sometimes floating in the air. This is primarily visible when spectating the other person after you’ve died in an MP match. If you are looking for a Mega Man-esque co-op side scroller, 20XX will definitely scratch that itch."
76561198102015094,Recommended,322110,20864015,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Cypherdirt,"Been playing quite a bit. Loving it too much, just like a rouge version of Megaman X!"
,Recommended,322110,29619960,Posted: 31 January,all,Shadow,"I love this game, it's a great addition to my local-play library. One thing that I thought would be a great addition to this game would be, some sort of level editor. Where one could make a level based on current game modes in the game, or make his/her own, make maps of some kind, and upload it to the steam workshop, and browse levels in-game."
,Recommended,322110,21449420,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Dang ol megaman roguelike upins here.
,Recommended,322110,21725146,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Freeman1255,"This game takes the best aspects of Mega Man (hard difficulty, but easy to pick up and learn how the game goes, unique bosses, learning through trial and error) and mixes those with aspects from a rouge like/rouge light game like Nuclear Throne or Crypt of the Necrodancer (Permadeath, upgrades that can be bought for future runs, randomly generated levels and bosses, daily challenges etc..) Even though this game is in beta, the wonderous soundtrack,  perfectly mixed aspects of games (the video games mentioned beforehand) addictive gameplay, and extremely high replay value, along with some funny easter eggs and references that makes you wonder how the people behind this game didn't get sued, will make you want to keep trying out 20XX just to see how well you can do!Grab this game, I usually don't grab early acess games, but this is a game that I could see becoming a major hit indie game!"
76561198062312690,Recommended,322110,21614567,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,adzndime,"20XX is a great 2d shooty platform game with a rogue like twist. It's in early access and pays homage to Mega Man X series.It has online coop which is described to be fairly alpha (I have not got to testing online modes) but it has a pretty nice local coop capabilities which I tried out with a friend. The soundtrack is really good, especially the main theme plus cool art. I really like the way you obtain items and unlock upgrades (augs) plus there's a crap tonne of interesting and different ones to unlock or purchase for use in your next run, some augments can only spawn in a run. All of the levels feel well designed and engaging with a plethora of different enemy spawns and pseudo random level generation. I havent seen any random clipping into walls/blocks, noticable glitches or zips while I have been playing. There are platforming tricks to be done like hitting one cycle platforms at speed and nifty boosted wall jumps and other physics tricks you can utilise to skip an otherwise extremely awkward section or to save time on conventional routing of a level/section (Provided you obtain the required add ons). The bosses can be pretty nasty at first (easy once you know them) but later in the game they are always difficult with a tonne of extra life and new abilities. A good challenge. There's alot of cool weapons, core augments and standard augments that you can unlock and/or find in a run which are interesting to synergise, giving you pretty hilarious results. Im surprised by how complete the game is already. All of this adds up to a great platformer game experience. After 100 hours playing in both solo and local coop on normal mode, I still want more.There are some minor negatives i'd point out:Had occasional yet very rare Input errors with a wireless pad. For example, I'd push left while holding a shot or while mashing shoot, nina would auto turn right after the initial input resulting in missed shots (shooting the wall instead of the dang boss) though I reiterate this is pretty rare to happen. In local Coop mode your friend doesn't also get augments purchased for the next run. And a not so serious gripe, jumps on ice to ice with over hanging and strategically placed enviromental hazards can be trolly and have embarrassingly ended some of my runs lol. That's all I have.My opinion on a change brought by recent updates:Occasionally now later in the game, some sections are made needlessly difficult to excute without sustaining large amounts of hits and subsequent damage because of excessive and awkward placement of the enviromental hazard i'll call torch flames. They were a hazard before but it seems as if they spawn more frequently and in more awkward places now. Map RNG is harsh sometimes I guess..I really like this game and can't wait for it to officially launch! Great fun!"
,Recommended,322110,21614534,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bonesinger,"Most of the time, you'll be cussing at stage layout. And frankly, when one mistake nearly negates 1/3 of the stage (♥♥♥♥ you, sky temple), you just have to rage quit.The items remind me a bit of Risk of Rain, but since the controls are pretty much what you expect from megaman games, there's a lot more player skill/reaction involved.Right now, the stages are kinda boring, only 4 variations (industrial with ice, hot, nature or temple dash applied) and, despite being generated differently everytime, you can notice the patterns quickly and easily, so there isn't much exploration involved.Still, one thing i can't deny, is that I do have fun playing this game. I'm a Mega Man junkie and since capcom pretty much killed him, this game fills a small void I had"
76561198009549233,Recommended,322110,24196533,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Allend,"Whoever had the idea to take this formula and mix it up with roguelike elements is a GENIUS! The game is amazing and very worth the purchase, even in its current, unfinished state. I can only hope to see more content for this amazing game, more bosses, stages and characters for this already amazing game. Congratulations, developers. I don't like early access games, but I don't regret this purchase even for a second!"
,Recommended,322110,24096809,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rabbit Sensei Gaming,"[Review from Early Access Stages]When I first saw this game in Steam's store, I was a little skeptical - to say the least.The idea of a ""Megaman X"" style of game, with procedurally generated levels seemed to be an insurmountable task, in my eyes, mostly due to the fact that the formula for the ""X"" series was based around fast-paced action platforming. Something that procedurally generated levels could have very well killed, due to the random nature of such a system. However, I was pleasantly surprised, once I got this game. For - not only did it keep the fast-paced action platforming alive and well - but it actually improved upon the formula, by adding in a decent amount of exploration and randomly spawned power-ups that could be found!Now, this game wasn't as fleshed out as it is now-a-days, when I bought it - as I made sure to snag the game pretty early on in its life. A time when there were a few aspects that kept showing up in stages pretty repeatedly, giving away where secrets; traps; and enemy placements would be (though, the sprite-work was always amazing - and has only gotten better with time). However, even back when that was going on, I still found myself playing the game most every day, because of how addictingly fun the gameplay was! So, now that things have been DRASTICALLY upgraded - with new boss rooms; stage pieces; challenge rooms; and more - I find it harder to put down, than ever before. Constantly going through multiple runs, to see if I can find new secrets, or possibly even unlock a new power-up!That said, while the game is mostly good, there are a few things that do need a little bit of work done to them. The main things being the online multiplayer and level biomes.With the online functionality, I've often had a hard time connecting to a public lobby - and when I did, 4/10 times there would be a glitch that disconnects either of us. Which, is to be expected with early access versions of online multiplayer, but still something that's in need of ""a little"" tweaking. As it's almost to the point of being spot-on.Another aspect - that would be nice for the multiplayer - is alternate skins/colors for the characters being played. I say this because I always play as Nina (the X counter-part), and find that most prefer to do the same. Making it somewhat confusing as to who's who, sometimes - when on the same screen. Which is why I suggest having a few new skins or colors for the players to choose from, when they pick a character. One of the ways this could be easily completed, would be by having the option to play as the different sprite versions of each character (ex: Choosing to play as modern Nina, or classic early access Nina). And, the developers could even add special functionalities to each - such as having the classic variations be naturally more powerful, but unable to use replacement/upgraded parts (ex: the torso replacement, that can cause you to heal when you bust an enemy). This would make it more of a challenge for those who play as the ""classic"" versions of the characters, but keep it fair at the same time.Now, as to what I was saying about the level biomes. The main issue here is that there seem to be only four different ones (or maybe I'm just unlucky and only ever get the four same ones?): Grass; Ice; Factory; & Sky. And, while these are really nice, they start to feel a bit repetitive after a while. So, adding in a couple more - such as a desert and city biome - would help make things feel a bit more varied. Though, this is more of a nit-pick than a problem.In the end, I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who likes the ""Megaman X"" style of action platforming. It keeps everything fast-paced, without feeling too streamlined. It's gameplay is addicting. And, it feels like this could have truly been a ""Megaman"" game, if the developer had contacted Capcom.Move over Keiji Inafune! Batterystaple Games is the one that knows how to make a true spiritual successor to the blue bomber![Score: 9/10]"
,Recommended,322110,24001605,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Silva,"20XX is effectively a love letter to Megaman (specifically X) style gameplay by a small team whose seriousness and respect for the subject matter shows both in-game and  through their communication with their fanbase. I can respect that, but good intentions and discipline wouldn't amount to much if the resulting game was terrible.Thankfully, 20XX is not. However, anyone going into the game should be aware from the outset that it is more than a ""clone"" of Megaman, and the resulting mechanical differences are decidedly not for everyone.The game plays like so:Two characters are available, Nina and Ace. They are the X and Zero analogues, respectively: Nina uses various forms of laser blast, while Ace uses various forms of glowy melee weaponry. Their playstyles differ rather substantially, with Nina being the ""safer"" choice and Ace being far more along the lines of ""high risk, high reward"".Regardless of chosen character, the core gameplay is the same: jump, dash, and shoot/slash through eight (later to be nine) semi-randomly generated levels on the way to an end boss, with the option to obtain that boss's power. If that sounds a lot like a Megaman game, it is, and yet it is not. The more specific you get into how 20XX plays, the more differences emerge.During play the player can find items that increase various stats, such as run speed, jump height, basic attack strength, and so on. These upgrades, as well as all others, only last for the run they are acquired on.Items can be unlocked to spawn in future runs using a special currency (""soul chips""), which are distinct from the currency used to buy items within a run (""nuts"").You only have one life to tackle all the stages with. On death or victory, the player respawns in the starting hub with nothing but their default equipment and any soul chips they acquired. On starting a new run, any unspent soul chips vanish.Whether you will enjoy 20XX largely depends on your tolerance or acceptance of its rogue-like elements. The randomized features are effectively part of the game's core, as is the single life given to complete it. Those who desire a more traditional experience had best look elsewhere.Aside from that subjective flaw, I only have a few real criticisms of 20XX:The randomness inherent in anything with rogue-like elements at times overwhelms the game's platforming core, making the difficulty between runs rather variable. Improving in skill, of course, makes all runs easier... But that doesn't change that the RNG has a major influence.Although the game has relatively high replay value, it currently lacks the long-term goals of other games with rogue-like elements. After all items are unlocked (which, granted, I haven't done yet) there is currently little driving force in replays besides the core gameplay itself. For some, that will be enough. For others, robbed of a sense of progression, the game will stagnate.Although what is currently available is nice, greater variety in upgrades that do more than alter stats would always be welcome.Playing the game on a keyboard, at least with the default layout, is very far from ideal. The keys can be rebound, thankfully, and the developers provided a forum sticky for players to share their control configurations. Despite those measures, however, the game feels much less enjoyable without a gamepad. Your milage may vary.So, do I recommend 20XX? In a general sense, yes. It's a solidly constructed platformer that does many things very well and is far more polished than its early-acess status would imply. That does not change, however, that those looking for a more traditional experience had best look elsewhere. 20XX is great at doing what it sets out to do. Its mechanics, however, are decidedly not for everyone."
,Recommended,322110,24125411,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kaijinzero,"got tired of waiting for MN9, bought it the day before MN9 launched.would lose faith in MN9 again."
,Recommended,322110,24125726,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,WayGroovy,"Thank you. I was so so very unhappy with a differrent game. This, this is everything I wanted and more. I do hope that the co-op grows. Again, thank you for making this game. It's awesome."
,Recommended,322110,24115368,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Orbital Cannabis,"THIS is what Mighty No.9 SHOULD have been. Hell, it should have been a new mega man where you can local co-op X and Zero.  Still, though, it's one hell of a game. My friend and I are completely addicted."
,Recommended,322110,24313886,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Mi0uta,"Seeing, as how disappointing Mighty No. 9 was, 20XX, for now, will be the Megaman X game that I will play, hell even better, in my opinion. It feels like a Mega Man X game, but more unique there's of course the wall jumping, dashing but with money, and powerups, the game gets harder with each passed level, and boss. Nina, the cross-dressing Mega Man (Yes, I went there), and Ace (Zero), is close ranged, they both share similarities, to our famed, and then defamed characters. You do get powers, BUT, you can also get along the powerups, that increase your stats, and other weapons tht remove your basic attack.Ace:Large Axe: Slow, but dangerous, using it in the air is a deathwish, as you fall down, and you immediately destroy enemies in your path.Long Spear: Range is high, spamming is required to damage.Plasma Blender: Shreds up close.Nina:Tri-shotgun: Shoots in three directions forward.???: Forgot the name, but you were able to shoot in four cordial directions (Up, Down, Left, Right).The developers did a great job with the game, and they update every two weeks, and is timed in-game, the last update was amazing, with new bosses, powers, stat boosts, and much more.Support this game, and enjoy, I haven't had fun like this since, X4."
,Recommended,322110,24431846,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,OnlyDee13,"100% time better then mighty 9! :D the sound track to 20xx is amazing! The gameplay is like mega man X, but with a rouge like feature."
76561197965521837,Recommended,322110,24433910,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mugsy,"If you are not familiar with the Mega Man X series, it is a next generation upgrade of the original, with game changes like wall-climbing, fast dashes, and armor upgrades that greatly boost your character(s). This is a game based on the mobility and pace of such a series, with Rogue-like mechanics added, such as:1): One-life/advantage on the next life per playthrough.2): Random Item unlocks put in semi puzzle rooms that (once/if you earn them) can greatly vary your gameplay.3):Two characters modelled after the X series. Aclassic buster/charge up character like X (Nina) and a Melee focused quick three combo character like Zero (Ace).4):Multiplayer Co-op mode with the ability to set up matchmaking.5): Procedurally generated stages that are getting adjusted to be more unique and less samey every update.Speaking of every update, they schedule their updates accordingly and implement important updates regularly. Very few games out there get the ""Early Access done right"" vote of confidence, and this one deserves it tenfold."
,Recommended,322110,24423500,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Samus2400,A True successor of mega man at heart.Man that sound track please release it :D
76561198053989152,Recommended,322110,24468897,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Just Blank,"This is the true evolution to the Mega Man X series. If you like roguelikes and Mega Man, you really should try this game out. I can run it smoothly on my POS, the varied environments are fun, and it helps that you can choose if you want to play a Mega Buster character or a beam saber between runs."
76561198032814759,Recommended,322110,24470817,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Eyenza,A modern and worthy take on the megaman franchise. My one and only complaint about the game is a lack of a dedicated stage select mode like the old megaman games. Otherwise it's exactly what ever blue bomber fan could really want in a game. If you're on the edge about buying this then I recommend taking the plunge... you won't be disappointed!
76561197994387037,Recommended,322110,24372436,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Anderic,"this is the Megaman clone you were looking for.Levels can be challenging but not game breaking stupidly difficult.Levels are a nice length for a casual gamer. (Mighty No9 Levels were ridiculously long)your character is given the tools needed to succeed from the start and it only gets better with augments and mods to suppliment your powers and abilities.Basic arm cannon is balanced and powered just right for the default weapon, it also has a Charge attack (2 things that Mighty No9 were sorely lacking)enemies drop items like health restore and power bar replenishment (another thing that Mighty No9 is sorely lacking)Various powerups are found and acquired during missions, thus adding to the replayability of the levels"
76561197987437984,Recommended,322110,24402753,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,xXx.MLG-Marple.xXx,"So I've got around 16 hours in this game and I'm still loving it. Its a great little game that does so many things right.First off, 20xx's movement feels crisp and nice. The developers really nailed this. The platforming bits aren't even a chore--being able to blitz through them once you learn how to is sooooo satisfying.Second, the items are great. Their impact, their availability, and the fact that they are infinitely-stacking makes collecting items a joy. And the joy remains, no matter what point you are at in the game. (Unless you are jumping out of the map.) Collecting items in some other games (like Enter the Gungeon) doesn't feel nearly as rewarding and are much more annoying to get.Third, the scaling difficulty system in this game is pretty awesome. Having the platforming-sections scale was something I didn't expect, and it works really well. The player has to always be aware of the platforming sections, no matter how many speed/jump upgrades they've gotten.Fourth, the multiplayer. Both local and online. This alone makes the game much more awesome. More games need to do this. Not only that, but the game also went with a 'all items are shared' approach which is always WAY more fun than having to split the items between your friends.So ya, this game is awesome."
,Recommended,322110,24280412,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Archduke Sifa,"As a huge fan of Rogue-likes/lights and Megaman X, this game is a dream come true for me."
76561198209380124,Recommended,322110,24270002,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,H0ly$h0t,"Ok..so i've heard a lot of good things about this game and i want to say that it's true. The game look and feel is 10% spot on the music is great and the character ""Ace"" reminds me of a certain blond haired hero with a beam saber :) i hope they had a PS4 type of control set to it because all megaman type platformers i played using controllers. Keyboard is fine but i feel better with a control in my hand.  Worth the purchase."
,Recommended,322110,24261846,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,lopedo,"The definition of an ""action platformer"".10/10."
76561198212491621,Recommended,322110,24249177,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,RakRok,Same Megaman (Rockman) but it easy no more boss robot (Willy or Sigma)
76561198005177233,Recommended,322110,24516305,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,sonnitude,"This game is absolutely amazing. The graphics are very much Megaman X Style as well as the gameplay, and it also has rougelike elements to it as well. I would strongly recommend this game, I would give it 5 Megaman Heads out of 5 ;)"
76561198294348015,Recommended,322110,23504646,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Shalucard,its so fun that capcom could sue.
,Recommended,322110,23409818,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,gabodi,"awesome gameplay, give me the same chill as megaman gave me when i was a kid.Every level are randomly generate, which can cause some unfaire placement of enemies or trap... But, the game is getting better and better every update keep up the good work."
,Recommended,322110,23145949,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jerry Seinfeld,Do you like Megaman X or the Megaman Zero games? You already like this game. Even in early access this game is well polished and I love it.
76561198257548312,Recommended,322110,23441589,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,linkirito,"If you like megaman, you will like this"
,Recommended,322110,23528396,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ΚΙΣΙΤΟ,"- you like Megaman X or ZX? Buy this game...- character is very much similar to Megaman and Zero... and yes, you can change between them...- gameplay is very much similar to Megaman X/ZX but with random generated stage...- can play multiplayer offline/online...- lack of storyline but got challenges and multiple difficulties... and power-up collections...10/10 this game would get Megaman out of Capcom..."
76561198013592039,Recommended,322110,23531165,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Cylus Hylia,Play plant boss stage. Get to boss. Die because I decided to face tank hits attacking it instead of being patient jumping on the Yoku blocks like a sane person10/10 would get bodied by the stupid plant boss again
76561198051313994,Recommended,322110,23513012,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Cagey Bee,Good stuff
,Recommended,322110,23351236,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Dr. Wankenstein,Just purchased this co-op gem! Worth every penny I didn't even realize that it was still early access as it's so polished and smooth; it feels like a finished product.... BUT IT'S NOT! It will only get better.Love megaman?2D platformers?Shooty beams?Challenging bosses?Have some friends that also love megaman and always wanted a co-op experience?This game is for you! My only complaint is that the levels are a bit short and as a megaman enthusiest; it might be a little easy. BUT THERE'S A HARD MODE! Which does exactly what you may need; MORE HARDNESS!
,Recommended,322110,23316353,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,CringeyDingie,"Graphics:Nice and colorful, if a little flatGameplay:Very solid. If you love Mega Man X, you'll feel right at home here.Controls:Again, just like Mega Man X.Overall:BUY IT!"
,Recommended,322110,23337777,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Fill Kessal,"I love Mega Man.  I've played most of the NES titles (2 and 3 being my favorites) and the SNES X series (never played the PS/PS2 releases).  That said, this game is one of the best Mega Man games I've ever played.  I know it isn't ""Mega Man"", but it is exactly what a modern Mega Man should be.  Anyone who liked Mega Man will absolutely love 20XX."
,Recommended,322110,23283274,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Paul Betham-Lang,"It's a great game, I totaly loved it! I is fast paced and addictive. I deffinitley recommend it."
,Recommended,322110,23221108,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Caex,"A quick, one-hour playthrough session of what my thoughts on this game:It's an awesome mega-man type-game at first, but you may find yourself dissapointed by the lack of maintained progression. What I mean by this is, when playing megaman, you can continue from the start of the stage (With all your powerups and buffs) but in this game, I only found myself constantly restarting without any such powerups or buffs.It's a bit dissapointing because I - personally - don't like to 'start from 0' every time, and neither did my friend. What this meant was, as we're probably not the most skilled players in the world, we found the barrier to entry was much higher for us.Gameplay wise, it felt pretty tight and smooth on my end - but the methods for dash jumping felt a bit iffy. Friend found that things felt very 'Floaty' compared to a MegaMan game. So various feelings are floating around on it.The level design, however... I really hated the level design. A huge thing with MegaMan games - which is what drew us here, advertising it as a 'game with megaman like gameplay' - is that your levels need to have an intelligent design to them. But there was a number of times where we found ourselves in a spot where there'd be -no- way to dodge. No way to evade. No way out.There was nothing as upsetting as slowly progressing with 1 hit left, knowing that making a mistake would kill me. Only to see a sure-fire death trap up ahead. A laser barrier behind that I had to jump through, a wall that I had to climb up via walljumps right opposite of it, and a Cannon right at the top of it. No way to get up there and hit the canon without eating a hit.After an hour of playing, we found we DID enjoy the game... But we didn't enjoy it enough to keep it.Post-edit add in: I'll put a recommendation on this game, but only for the fans of the Rougelike genre, specifically!"
,Recommended,322110,23184595,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Etsa,"If you like Mega Man X you will probably like this game.If you like Rouge Legacy you will probably like this game.This game feels like Mega Man X Meets Rouge Legacy.It plays nice, It also has couch co-op which is a big plus for me.Though the camera is a bit weird when you have two players, but it has to be so both people can see. Would like a split screen option perhaps.Its a good game, try it out, if you don't like it you can always return it."
,Recommended,322110,23774669,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MisterCoes,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ what a game!It's fun, it's challenging, it's nostalgic and it's reinvented. So good.I can see lots of potential, but what is in this Beta feels like a full game. Congratulations to the developers.The only thing I'd change is the sound FX. The blue guy's shots and power shot sound meh... other than that... I can't wait to see what else this game has in store.EDIT: I know what is it about the sound. When Ninja (blue guy) has his shot powered up, there is no sound. It would be nice to hear the thing holding its power."
,Recommended,322110,23771682,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,JRBIGBANG,"It feels more like Megaman than Mighty No. 9 will ever be and it's only a Beta,  the Multiplayer ran smoothly, the art style is top notch, it plays closer to the original Megaman  and the X series, can't wait for the full complete game."
76561198011306010,Recommended,322110,23772033,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Chaotic Void,"If you're a huge fan of Action Platformers (especially the 'Mega Man X' Series), and you enjoy- or at the very least are open to trying- Roguelike games, then 20XX is a game for you.You basically pick a character (Nina is Ranged, Ace is Melee) then attempt to complete eight levels that get progressively harder as you go. Each level, for the most part, is randomly generated so you never know what you're going to get. You get all sorts of upgrades (the possible list of which expands as you complete the game or get your bunghole handed to you beforehand), and- in the eight hours I've played this- I haven't had two playthroughs ever be the same.I haven't tried the Co-Op mode yet, nor have I been enough of a masochist to try activating any of the Skulls, but even without those this game is a treat. It's well worth the price if you don't mind an Early Access game. If you do, it's still worth paying Full Price when the game is released."
76561197987037011,Recommended,322110,23777794,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hyrulite,A Megaman X Roguelike? Where have you been all my life?
76561198057671857,Recommended,322110,23651606,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Lassick,"It has all the replayability, action and ejoyment of a true mega man game. Just a note though, it's best played with a controller."
,Recommended,322110,23504650,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,DesertPogona,I think I found my new favorite rogue-like.And this is ABSOLUTELY better than Mighty No. 9.Play THIS. Not THAT.
76561197971326261,Recommended,322110,23854722,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lord_HighFixer,"If you like, Mega Man X, you will like this game."
,Recommended,322110,23959719,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Zero,"This game is everything Mighty No. 9 should aspire to be, yet isn't. While maintaining some franchise staples like dashing and wall jumping, it breaks others like the level design being generated mostly randomly, and somehow, it works perfectly. The local co-op option is a glorious addition that adds replay value for hours on end. Truly a game from which Imagine should take pointers."
,Recommended,322110,24530730,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Orange pallet jack,almost as real as the original megaman x. I would buy it if you like megaman.
76561198310508112,Recommended,322110,24710414,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Omicron127,"20XX is a fantastic game that genuinely captures the old Megaman spirit.  Every run feels different, and it's enjoyable honing your skills from one run to the next.If there's a problem with the game, it's that the roguelike elements detract from the simplicity of classic action.  Things that you take for granted in most games, like a consistent running speed or jumping height, are extremely variable in this game thanks to the different powerups you can obtain in a run.  Compared to a game like Megaman X, where I'm extremely comfortable in knowing exactly how fast I can go and how far I can jump, in this game there's an element of uncertainty that prevents me from ever being completely comfortable controlling my character.Nonetheless, this game is so unique and so well designed that it would be a sin not to try it out for yourself.  There are tons of different weapons, really cool level geography, and lots of interesting choices you have to make.  I highly recommend it."
76561198040715676,Recommended,322110,25288781,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,thefutt,"I can't praise this game enough. The game feels like Megaman X but with unlimited replay. Not only are the levels different every time, but the random powerups make each playthrough extra unique. Some runs you end up with tons of speed and jump upgrades, but little in the way of powers...while other runs you end up with tons of little helpers instead of stat boosts. It just makes for a different experience each time...and with the attention the game devs give to this game and their constant patches, the game is just getting better and better.I've played a fair amount of solo mode and it's a ton of fun, but nothing beats teaming up with a friend to coop through the game and argue over what to spend your nuts on...or who's turn it is to get the boss weapon.The disclaimer on the load screen about ""sketchy net code"" is both hilarious and sets the perfect expectation that you may see some weird things online (and you will). Any time we've run into an issue, if we try to report it, chances are the community has already mentioned it and the devs have already responded.So...we've got a great game based on one of the all-time great video games...we've got unlimited replayability...we've got a dev team that clearly loves their game and their community...we've got constant updates (hell there's a countdown to the next update timer on the main menu)...what more could a reasonable person want?The game is highly addictive, very challenging, and is definitely the Modern Mega Man game you've been looking for."
76561198249858446,Recommended,322110,24928240,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Shadowgamer7165,Im already going to say this but this is Like Megaman X game which is Great! I missed playing the X Series and This gave me joy of playing it! Although its still in Beta More things will come into the future! If only Might No 9 was like this. But still I Recommend you guys to get this games as the sale is still going! If you enjoy Megaman this game is for you!
76561198040846879,Recommended,322110,25240594,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,brody,"My god I wish I new this game existed years ago. If someone told me that there was a game that is like Rogue Legacy but with Mega Man X gameplay, this is exactly what I would have expected. It plays and feels spot on like Mega Man X, but with the great Rogue-like elements of Rogue Legacy.I only have 3 complaints so far. I'm not super into the art/animation style. The music for the different stages all sounds kinda samey, although it is still very good. And I'm not super into the 4 or 5 bosses I've fought so far. I guess they feel slightly more like Rogue Legacy bosses than Mega Man X bosses. I'll update if I change my mind once I've seen more.Despite these minor complaints, the developer nailed the gameplay, so if you are itching for a good Mega Man game, then don't hesitate to pick this up. I feel bad for buying it when it was on sale because these developers deserve every penny."
76561198075134079,Recommended,322110,25277379,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,George Takei's Beef Jerkington,"This game is a perfect example of what a mega-man style game should be. Perfectly responsive controls, great level design and music, as well as plenty of items and variety to keep one invested. The randomly generated aspect gives the player much more enjoyment thanks to never getting the exact same level twice. It's also very challenging, but fair. I've died many many times (honestly I haven't even completed a run yet!), but I've never once felt cheated or felt as if the game had been cheap, it's always been error on my part. Although I haven't played it personally, the included multiplayed feature is a great addition to the game, adding a whole 'nother level of gameplay choices. I highly recommend this game as a must buy to any fan of the mega-man series, and even to those who aren't a fan of mega-man. This game is a great example of a platformer done right. Well worth buying, and I plan to continue playing this game for many hours to come. If I could rate this, it would be 10/10."
,Recommended,322110,25278326,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,GlitchEnzo,"Captures the fun of the Mega Man X series, but as a Rogue-like.Sometimes the controls feel a bit ""floaty"", and the randomly generated levels are sometimes unforgiving, but the increasing of abilities and stats via random items is very satisfying.The updates appear to be quite substatial, so it's a constantly improving game."
76561198089229797,Recommended,322110,25279373,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Megamaxstar,"Alright I believe I've put in a decent amount of hours to judge this game. First off I enjoy everything about this game. It does extremely well to add Megaman with Rogue-like properties and it works extremely well. Every run feels different and it keeps the game fresh. I also played the multiplayer portion of this game and I love it. Working together as a team nevert felt better. If you have played Rogue Legacy or any of the Megamans, or looking for a game to play with a friend I 100% reccomend this game."
,Recommended,322110,25279502,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Fightersword,"This game's a whole lot of fun to play, and that's pretty much the bottom line. It controls really well, the level design feels sort of fresh from playthrough to playthrough (though you will start to recognize pieces being reused). The powers you can take from the bosses are all really helpful for a wide variety of situations, with some even carrying extra special effects like Kur's weapon allowing you to loot a vending machine for free. Music is really good too.There are a feq minor quips here and there though. The enemy placement can at times be obnoxious, which is due to the nature of this being a roguelike. This is most noticeable in late level versions of skytemple where it sometimes feels like enemies are crammed into sections of the level. The little flying bat things also seem to be way overused and become something of a chore to kill. That and Eternal Star fought at a late level is honestly a bit too much in terms of difficulty compared to all the other bosses at that stage in the game. some bosses later on also feel a bit *too* tanky to where I feels tedious to kill them (I'm looking at you late level visage).Regardless of the quips this is a game that's a whole lot of fun to play for people who are into the megaman series and even for those who aren't. I've never played a megaman or megaman X platformer before in my life, but damn if this game doesn't make me want to give them a try. There's also challenges worked into the game to tighten up the difficulty if things start to get too easy for you vets out there, and a casual mode if you're having too much trouble. I managed to win on the normal mode on my fourth run, I'm hoping to get a streak going and maybe crank up the difficulty soon to get a better feel for the challenges worked into the game."
76561198135028751,Recommended,322110,25243654,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Hentai Girl,this is a great game thats fun to play with my friend :)
76561198065378391,Recommended,322110,25255176,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,johgaines,"Amazingly refined for an Early Access game, with regular updates and balancing adjustments. Runs great on almost any Windows PC. Great fun for anyone who enjoys old school Megaman and X series. Great replay value as well from the daily challenges!"
,Recommended,322110,25263391,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BQuanchi,"Others have sang so much praise, it's hard to add to much to it. This game feels like a mixed between Megan Man X style of gameplay and Binding of Issac rogue-like random level/runs.Here are my Likes and Dislikes:+Great gameplay, very true to the Mega Man series (which clearly inspired/influenced this game)+Looks great, great music+LOTS of replayability with random levels, power-up, bosses, etc.-Controls don't feel as good compared to the Mega Man series (still good, but I feel like it barely misses the mark and felt like certain parts of levels were frustrating because of the controls and jumping)-Some levels can have obstacles that are very frustrating and almost feel cheap, especially the lava levels"
76561198015608321,Recommended,322110,24798971,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Microsoft® PowerPoint™,"I'm not even sure how this game flew under my radar for so long. It's EVERYTHING I'VE WANTED.MegaMan X.Local and online co-op.Scrapped the ""8 bosses, final stage"" formula in exchange for an endless game(?).Shop mechanics that heavily remind of ""Crypt of the Necrodancer"" (another favorite of mine!)Silly flavor text (when you get 1 measly soul chip, or when you try to jump past the boss room)The levels get harder as you go.And there's even a Challenge Mode named ""DEFIANT"".I'm already hyped for Version 1, and I've only played this for like two hours. Holy &@^#.If this is your kind of game, GET THIS IMMEDIATELY. IT'S ONLY $9."
,Recommended,322110,24796681,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MEMES SWAG,hard but fun
,Recommended,322110,24785144,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Azure Steel,"Do you like Megaman X/Megaman Zero style controls?Do you like RogueLikes?IF you answered yest to the following two questions, do yourself a favor and purchase this game. The music is solid, the controls are spot on, and the art style is oozing personality. This is one game you do not want to miss."
,Recommended,322110,24770116,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Neriani,"Imagine Megaman X 1/2/3 and combine it with realtime Co-op Play mechanics with endless upgrades,and there you have it, 20XX is what Megaman should've done LONG ago.The Game is especially fun when you play it with a friend.It is a mystery to me HOW a Company like Capcom could've NOT thought of this concept 20 years ago. Well this gap has been filled ;)even though I played this game only for 10 hours and during Early access, I would recommend this game to anybody who loved the Megaman Series or likes jump and shoot mechanics ;)"
,Recommended,322110,24337293,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Idnex,"This is a great game and is very similar to the old Mega Man X games (1-4), but with Rogue-like elements. Instead of finding an upgrade and sticking with it, you only keep that upgrade for the life you are currently on. Most of the upgrades are stuff you found in the X1-4 games. For example, there are hover and airdash boots. Added on are minor upgrades that are tweet your stats, such as increased jumping ability, stronger charged shot, and more powerful regular shots. Finally, you get to play as X (Nina) and Zero (Ace).The controls are responsive and enemy placement is great. Plus, some of the music is really catchy.And to think, this game is ONLY in the Early Access phase!"
76561198213179724,Recommended,322110,24711471,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,andrew7777,"I haven't sunk a whole lot of time into this game yet but my initial impressions are strong. I would pay significantly more than 15$ for a game of this quality. Normal mode has the perfect amount of difficulty (with multiple difficulty options) and the controls are absolutely amazing. No other platformer i've played has felt this good with an Xbox one controller. The game itself looks great, the level design is awesome, and the same goes for the music. Despite being clearly inspired by Megaman, it has its own identity. I would recommend this game to anyone and I'm suprised this game isn't getting more attention."
76561197987219401,Recommended,322110,24591193,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,beantood,"Do you like Megaman?Do you like Roguelikes?...Did you hate Mighty No.9?!?THEN BUY THIS GAME!!!20XX is to Megaman in the same way Rogue Legacy is to Castlevania. The music is great, progression feels rewarding, the controls are very responsive, level generation is pretty fair, and the bosses are quite fun. The devs seem to be updating often, as well.Can't wait for the full realease."
76561198241033444,Recommended,322110,24697226,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,ShayminLover1,"This game is totally amazing. Like holy crap. I don't normally enjoy platformers, but seeing as one of my friends wanted this game for us both to play, I decided to get it and I have not been disappointed. I've actually gotten a lot better at platformers because of this game! It's a really good combo, combining Megaman X platforming with every changing level layouts. Most of the times I fail, it's mostly because I'm not good at platformers. Though, there are times where there's some really dumb luck going against me, but not much.I recommend getting this game. And if you currently play this game, let me know so we can play together."
76561198050904498,Recommended,322110,26086373,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DonYuka,This game keeps getting better and better. I have been a MMX fan for a long time and have been wishing for a game with a similar gameplay as MMX. 20XX delivers on that and much more!
,Recommended,322110,26398137,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,FlameWhirlwind,"BETTER THAN MIGHTY NO.9, THAT'S FOR ♥♥♥♥ING SURE. It's very well made, and extremely fun. If you love megaman, espeacily megaman x, you have to play this.it's basically just ""what if megaman was an obstacle course."" As for criticisms. im not entirely sure what i would change really. though from what i can see, everyone else seems too. And all that's done is improve the game.Just play this game. you'll have a great time."
76561198116818710,Recommended,322110,27336027,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ɹǝdǝǝʍsǝuᴉW,Is good megamen but no story mode tght WOULD MAKE IT THE BEST O NE
,Recommended,322110,27334567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,longviewite,Greatest not Megaman game ever. The developer is fast to update and content changes like the generated levels in here
,Recommended,322110,24402172,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Newtype,"I love Mega Man X. I awaited Mighty No. 9 anxiously, but the finished product did not look very good. After watching Previously Recorded's YouTube video comparing MN9 to 20XX, I decided to give this a shot. I am very happy that I did. The gameplay, procedurally generated levels, and boss fights are all great. Getting to play as Not-Zero is super great. Power-ups are fun and make gameplay more addictive. A little more enemy and boss variety would be nice, but it's a minor complaint for this inexpensive game.My only real problem with this game is the art style. It looks like an old flash game from newgrounds. This is a huge missed opportunity - it should look like a 32-bit SNES game."
,Recommended,322110,27055975,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Resmah,"Nails the physics and feel of Mega Man X while being a fun, addictive roguelike in its own right.And it's one of the few early access games where it gets better with every update."
,Recommended,322110,27367382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,brandonclyonLP,"""20XX is Evil."" - My 7 y/o son after dying before the first boss 15 times."
76561198014782489,Recommended,322110,27360620,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grim Phantom,"A rogue-like revival of mega man style arcade plateforming action. Two player coop local and online. AND cynical comments when you die. What's not to like?Wait, randomly generated levels, a truck load of items and power-ups, difficulty modifiers, and slot machines... WAHTS NAT TO LIEK?I love it."
,Recommended,322110,27343828,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dirty Vik,"Awesome jumpin' and shootin' gameplay, sick power-ups, amazing music, online and offline co-op, and probably the closest thing there will be to a Megaman X sequel."
,Recommended,322110,27354257,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tinkerbear,"I had written a lengthy review here originally, and decided to change it and to just say that if you're a fan of the Mega Man X series, you're going to probably love this game.This game has some serious flaws and cons, which I might edit this review and lay out later, but because this game is always being changed and updated nearly bi-weekly, what I might dislike one month could be radically different another. Despite the changes, however, I've still managed to sink 89.0 hours into the game, so that should tell you that I've clearly liked it enough to devote a significant amount of time into it.I personally don't like some of the most recent changes or the direction the game has been heading the last few updates, but until the game enters its final release, I'll just keep my concerns on the forums in  hopes they change for, what I think the better.Ultimately, this game either way has been a great time sink, and I enjoyed most of those hours I sunk into it. You want a tight-controlling platformer with full controller support and lots of game mode variety, this is the game for you."
76561198020977713,Recommended,322110,27283065,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AxionWraith,"If you are a fan of Megaman X style platformers, this is definately one to get"
,Recommended,322110,26991696,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sebastian Nielsen,"Very fun game, especially the endless mode.Have become better with updates. I like that you can also run custom runs with seed now too.The only small thing I dislike is that the developers keep pushing the lowest common difficulty denominator upwards all the time, instead of keeping the default difficulty low and increase upon progress instead.Why this should win the Steam prize: Because the endless mode keeps you up all the time, as you can't save."
,Recommended,322110,27022893,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RamVal,"So yeah... just got to play 20XX even though I own it since forever.After the half bad half good game that was Mighty No. 9, this is just a refreshing type of Mega Man-like game. If you thought Mighty No. 9 was not the game you wanted from Mega Man: Welcome to 20XX.I really like the soundtrack and the roguelite gameplay in this is overall balanced. Don't want to write much right now, but yeah it's a great game. Try it. ;)"
,Recommended,322110,26055004,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Glassjoe,with all the pain and suffering for waiting for Mighty No.9 i got this game to try out and i was pleasently surprised with how much it reminded me of the old days of Mega man x then i stop when mighty No.9 came out needless to say i came right back to 20XX mighty No9 was a huge dissapointment i waited years for mighty and all it did was let me down and even in the early early stages of 20XX i was hooked and they just keep adding more to it and making me fall even more and more in love with it if your a mega man fan or even just a fan of rouge likes you should pick up this game all it has done is impress me more it definitly healed the wound that mighty No.9 left
76561198126039779,Recommended,322110,25979534,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Stryky,its Megaman X with full co-op. Whats not to like
76561198042305419,Recommended,322110,26685831,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Vhaso'a Amariyo,"I should mention that I have been following this game for quite some time, back when it was in the earliest of early access, and I do not regret for a minute that I paid the money for it.Imagine Megaman crossed over with a Roguelike. Randomized levels and unique loot and the threat of permadeath always looming over you. Imagine a game with precise controls and useful weaponry and powerups that feel like they matter. Imagine looking at a level and finding there's a dozen ways to beat it.That's 20XX in a nutshell. The game is just plain fun. If you like the Megaman or the Megaman X or Megaman Zero series, at all, even the TINIEST bit, you will love this game."
76561197987594183,Recommended,322110,26803167,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Summon Sumo,"Awesome game, great replayability, I only stopped playing because laptops aren't that fond with games. This game is literally that Megaman itch you are always trying to scratch.Advantages:+Roguelike (High Replay Value)+Procedurally generated sections+Awesome Powers+Loads of unlockables+Leaderboards with time specific seedsDisadvantages:-Megaman's bosses rock-paper-scissors (had to put a con :) )Verdict : A totally strong buffed Number 9/10"
76561198078132104,Recommended,322110,26705853,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Cobebus Caboose,This game is pretty sweet! I have put out several videos on my YouTube channel on this game and I recommend it to anybody that is a Mega Man or Mega Man X fan. And it beats the hell out of Mighty No. 9 by far!
76561197974669552,Recommended,322110,26978617,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PROPANE AND PROPANE ACCESSORIES,"Suprisingly good levels for a procedurally generated game. Ace (the red character) doesn't play as much like Zero did in the Megaman X games as I wish he did and the boss designs could be better, but overall a very good substitute for classic Megaman X."
76561198024192361,Recommended,322110,26938240,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MetalGreerSolid,"Everything the next generation megaman platformer should be, great single and multiplayer, new content updates regularly with count down timers till next updates!Very smooth fast paced classic megaman and Z gameplay with the new twists of rogue-like games, collecting currency and unlocking things in your base.All round a great game and getting better 23.11.16"
,Recommended,322110,26465757,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Unstable Hamster,"+Bug fixes and new content updated consistantly.+Very tight controls+Different weapon types for each character+Armor upgrades, as well as matching set bonuses+Customize runs with modifiers+Different types of stages, randomized every time.+Great controller support-Item variety could be stronger, some are different items that do close to the same effect (+2 health & +3 health with full heal)It's a great game so far, usually I don't purchase early access but the developer seemed receptive to feedback, and fixed a bug I pointed out awhile back rather quickly. Recommended for Megaman X fans, and those looking for some good Co-op rouge lites."
,Recommended,322110,26369944,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,AghastAmok,"Fantastic fun and very much the Megaman X-X4 reboot you've wanted.Nitpicky cons:The levels lack that handcrafted elegance that the X games achieved, chiefly in X4. There are times that the procedural pieces are so big and unintegrated that you'll see them every other playthrough, and some so small that the level starts to feel clunky and inelegant.The powerups leave you less with a sense of progression and more a sense of some number variable going up. You can easily give yourself way too much or too little speed to survive. This is, I think, a part of the charm of the game but it's a stark departure from the lands of Megaman X past, where a powerup is a powerup."
,Recommended,322110,26822762,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MALR,"Marathon, Swarm, Endless, Destiny. Activate these skulls and enjoy a balanced 20XX playthrough at its full potential. It gets crazier every level."
76561198048997314,Recommended,322110,26855566,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Demonic Hunter 闇 悪 善,"If you want a good platformer that always has something new to offer in terms of levels, 20XX holds a level gen system that will always make brand new levels to traverse and enjoy with several sidepaths along the way. 20XX also has a solid combat system that will always keep you on your toes in ways that you wouldn't expect. If you thought the level gen and the combat were good and were looking for more, it is a rouge-like as well meaning perma-death and new items on every run. In short if your lokking for that right balance between challenge and enjoyment I would'nt look any further for a 2D platfomer like this"
,Recommended,322110,26855733,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marfoire,"This is undoubtedly the best indie game I have ever played, continuous updates and visible progression. 20XX brings back all the megaman that Mighty No. 9 failed to recreate. This game has been worth every penny I've spent on it and the co-op functionality, although finicky, has been a pleasure to play. I look forward to a few fixes regarding the boss door in co-op locking the client out, and the addition of a final boss/ boss level for after all the stage bosses. Can't wait until this game is fully finalized."
,Recommended,322110,26683783,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MrStealYoKill570,dont even hesitate just BUY IT!!! add me & lets go! (JDOUGH570)
,Recommended,322110,26694724,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TRENT,Fantastic.   I wish for more enemy and boss types but over all it is a blast
,Recommended,322110,26639594,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,M4X_L10N,20XX is a wonderful gem that I came across the other night when looking for some fun online co-op.I've been a huge Megaman fan and used to play them all the time as a kid. I grew up in the 90s and have awesome nostalgia whenver I go back to play X. I also really like rogue-like's (games like Rogue Legacy or Risk of Rain are good comparisons of the model) and have been on retro rogue-like hype for the last few years.On top of that my friend also had the same passion for Megaman growing up and we've been playing this through online co-op. It's delivered a wonderful experience for us both.Seriously imagine Megaman X series but co-op... A must have for any co-op players collection.
76561198015654458,Recommended,322110,26719768,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,RaGiN Z,"This game is off the chain!  I am stuck in an 8 bit world and this has since pulled me out of it.  This is hours of fun, I bought this two weekends ago and I can't stop playing it, already logged 33hrs on it and I am no gamer.  If you loved megaman or any other side scroller for that matter, you will love this game.  The developer is continually updating which is great!  The levels get progressively more difficult and change (not just the typical enemies getting more difficult to kill)!  I can't say enough great things about this game.I played local co-op for the first time last night and it was awesome.  No split screen though, I'm not quite sure how I feel about that.  However the screen zooms out like super smash bros.Ok, I've been playing too long today... have... to... pull... myself... away, NOWAITJUSTONEMOREGO!"
76561197987099086,Recommended,322110,26876727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smokin' Gunz,"Do you miss Mega Max X? I mean the proper Mega Man X from SNES or PS1?Need a game to scratch that itch? Grab a XBOX360 controller, buy this, and game on.(If they ever added mod support to change the music or the graphics/levels, it would be AMAZING!!!)"
76561197988244920,Recommended,322110,26815793,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Truinz,"This is how you revive Megaman. You take what you loved and remembered from the original games, update it with something new, and then give it the love and time it takes to make it great. I could not be happier with my purchase."
,Recommended,322110,26935006,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vivalefromage,The modern megaman-like remake we've all been waiting for with the added attraction of coop.
,Recommended,322110,25825079,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Pangamma,"A good casual arcade game. I recommend the boss battle challenges with a friend. There isn't much story progression though, as everything you unlock is reset as soon as both you and your co-op partner die at the same time. Some progression would make the game last a bit longer. That being said, procedural level loading does add some time to the game enjoyment. Good for an afternoon of fun."
76561198033087728,Recommended,322110,25555939,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,EmeraldSoul,"If you have been looking for a new Megaman X game, this is a must buy! This game deserves way more credit and publicity than its having right now. They did what MN9 could not: create a worthy spiritual successor to the X franchise. You play either as Nina (X) or Ace (Zero), respectively with the traditional buster or beam saber. I do hope they keep on adding content, but what's there already is rock solid.I spent a lot of time playing MMX, X5 & 6 and the controls of 20XX feel natural if you have played the X-series, almost identical.Do not let the Roguelite element scare you, while the levels may seem hard, they are fair and even though they are randomly generated can be learned since some aspects do repeat themselves. The lack of lives can be harsh at first but you'll learn to pace yourself through the levels.The power ups include: alternative basic busters/swords, armor sets that leech life, double jump, air dash, hover (like the ultimate X armour) and many more old favorites. Add to this: challenge rooms,treasure chests and bonusses for clearing levels within a certain time.Long story short, for 14,99 this is a steal in my book, absolutely love it!"
76561198068711094,Recommended,322110,25436226,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Xergam,Love the game so far. It's a great throw back to clasic Mega-Man games. I can't wait for the full release. Keep up the great work!
76561198026490766,Recommended,322110,25472559,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,PrinnyDance,"Hi Jordan, i bet you didnt expect a shout out from me right!?"
,Recommended,322110,30860934,Posted: 31 March,all,Bonzo,Jump and Shoot man the Rouglike experience.A solid 15/10
,Recommended,322110,25410213,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Kaitocain,"As all of the other reviews have probably already stated, this game is basically Megaman meets Binding Of Issac / Rogue. In a nutshell, it rocks. If you were disappointed in that other blue bomber game that came out recently *cough M#9 cough* you need to take a look at this. Plus, its still currently cheaper than what the final price will be. Get it now!"
76561198025027196,Recommended,322110,25683875,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,TemplarW20,"I'll keep this simple.If you liked MegaMan X, you will like this.  This is what a platformer should feel like.  The variety of power-ups allow you to find different ways to defeat bosses and move through the levels (unlike some games released in the last few years, which feel like you have to do EXACTLY what the devs want in order to not die).  The character designs are fun, and the bosses are interesting.  Well worth the money."
76561197969097167,Recommended,322110,25678747,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,qhogan1,"This game is still in development, which normally means I would skip it. I am sure glad I didn't! If you have been feeling nostalgic for Megaman/Megaman X, this game is perfect for you!First, a quick premise of the game. You play as a bot that has either an arm  cannon or a sword. You pick a mode of play when you are in the starting area, which is basically a ship with multiple teleporters. From there, you engage in a platform side scroller. As you complete each level, you get power ups and the difficulty increases. Once you die, you have to start a new run, but you get to use chips to bring some powerups into the start of the next run.I have enjoyed how the challenge scales as you play, as well as the different modes available. The amount of items that drop or can be bought on each run help keep this game fresh.I also like that the developer is still actively working on this title and the added content has been only a bonus to the gameplay.I would buy this game again in a heartbeat!"
,Recommended,322110,26091960,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pika Twilight,A Game Inspired By MegaMan XPlays Like MegaMan XCharacters Nina (X Clone) And Ace (Zero Clone)I Saw It Was A MegaMan X Clone And I Bought ItIf There's 1 Thing I Regret About Buying 20XX Is Not Buying It Sooner ;)It May Be Slightly Buggy. But I Can Forgive It. It's In BETA. Give It A Try And A Break.um.... this game is awesome
76561198050212037,Recommended,322110,24797029,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Solarsonic,"20XX is a fantastic love letter to fans of the MegaMan X series. It combines many elements of what made MegaMan X a great game, with a roguelike genre. What was produced  was a fantastic sidescroller that everyone would most likely enjoy.If you are familiar with MegaMan X, the controls will be easy to grasp. If the game feels too easy for you, there are even options to increase the difficulty to obtain even more rewards for future playthroughs. Yes, this game is still in beta, however in it's current state, I would still recommend this game.Bottom Line : You like MegaMan X? You like rougelikes? Get this game!"
,Recommended,322110,24805160,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Cikatriz87,Such a beauty to play. Especially after the fiasco that was Mighty No 9. Buy this game!
,Recommended,322110,24803800,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Marioddd1,"At first, I didn't know if I would like this game, I thought I wouldn't like it that much, but it was cheap so I bought it. Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. This game is good. Really good.Pros:2 playable charactersEndless replayabilityTons of modifiersClassic mega man x gameplay2 player co-opTons of content and more!Cons:Controls can be a bit slippery at first, but you get used to them.Overall a 9.5/10 for me. Great game for someone who is looking for a challenging platformer."
,Recommended,322110,30842391,Posted: 30 March,all,Mr EpiX,"An absolute blast to play with a friend, haven't had that much fun for a while! The roguelike element shows really well already even in Early Access, the runs you can get are completely crazy, just like they should be. It's a lot of fun to play right now, although I can imagine you might get tired of playing after 10~20 hours at this stage of development (there is a bunch of unlockable content already). Definitely looking forward to new updates!"
,Recommended,322110,24195895,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Reckless90,Must buy If you like Megaman! Get a friend to buy this game also so you can play co op with them. It's funner to play with friends.
,Recommended,322110,24801551,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,vollkan,Fantastic - what Mighty No 9 should have been
76561198061766006,Recommended,322110,24900622,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ArgusGlitch,"This game is the ultimate action platformer experience for any megaman lovers. Various powerups, randomly generated levels and multiple difficulties make this an unendingly renewable experience. Cherry on top? ITS MULTIPLAYER AND COUCH CO-OP.10/10"
,Recommended,322110,30843590,Posted: 30 March,all,faceincolor,120 hrs solo\local coop playing. That game is awesome!
,Recommended,322110,24894403,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Zaffakk,"Bought this at the same time as NMS, so haven't had a great deal of time to play.What I have played, has been amazing, everything MN9 should have been.Looking forward to getting into this properly in the near future."
76561197980541527,Recommended,322110,25060459,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Synnono,"Like Risk of Rain, but with Megaman mixed in liberally, and no networking shenanigans. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,322110,25056726,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,zeal,"As a die-hard megaman fan, this game brings tears to me eyes. I also love how each stage is generated, this gives the game so much replay value. This is megaman done right, platformer should feel responsive. Co-op was also a great feature, along with periodic events. I simply love this game, please keep megaman spirit alive. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ No 9 was such fail btw."
,Recommended,322110,25065619,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Chris Belmont,This game hits me right in the feels.
,Recommended,322110,24904013,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DFragmentor,"The controls need a lot of work. Feels stiff, sticky/delayed jumps. Turning around in place is not possible. Seems like you are two steps a head when turning around."
76561198061868624,Recommended,322110,25047347,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,MvrkHntrZero,"Awesome Megamanesque feel, complete with really tight controls, lots of different power ups and weapons for the two characters (Nina and Ace), a scaling difficulty that seems just right, and awesome music.My only complaint is that some of the bosses look like Neopets on esteroids (Looking at you Rollster Beta), but aside from that I can find no issues whatsoever for this masterpiece in the making."
,Recommended,322110,25009973,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,peteley,This is an excellent game for anyone looking to scratch the Mega Man itch. This game takes it to the next level by having the levels generated and the amount of items exploded. I keep coming back to this game for a quick run.
,Recommended,322110,24969141,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SundownKid,"This feels like a game that Capcom SHOULD have made as a natural evolution of the Mega Man formula. However in its current state I would only recommend it if you can do co-op. The random levels make for some very fun gameplay with a friend and you can work together to find treasures, but going solo they lack the cohesive design to make it a tight experience, and the game also doesnt have any story besides just being like an extended survival mode.The main characters and bosses mostly resemble some teenager's first attempt at drawing anime and robots, but the game itself is very well animated for the most part and the music is incredible."
,Recommended,322110,26064464,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,rocknerd247,This fills my Megaman X shaped hole in my heart and it's a crime more people don't know about this game. Buy this then make other people buy this then co-op the ♥♥♥♥ out of it.
76561197995238758,Recommended,322110,26007993,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Hobb_Bomb,Its like Risk of Rain except as a Co Op MegaMan X game but looks like hot garbage.This game is tons of semi randomly generated megaman fun that gets harder and harder as you get farther ahead. Fight hard bosses early so you face them on an easier tier. Classic MegaMan X controls and play as Chinese Bootleg MegaMan with long rage charged mega buster or as chinese bootlegged Zero with a lightsaber.The biggest drawback is the artstyle looks like a newgrounds flashgame. The animation is smooth and runs awesome and feels just like megaman except packaged in this ugly wrapper. Get a friend (or not) and play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game if you ever enjoyed the MegaMan X series.8/10
76561197962958782,Recommended,322110,26051175,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MMOnster,I am in love with this game! Nice work.
76561197987353829,Recommended,322110,26021029,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Innsomatic,"HECK Friggin YES,  This game takes everything about mega-man and pushes it to the, WHY AREN'T THEY GETTING SUED limit, Then does their own thing of Procedural Generated levels, powerups, and everything of greatness...Wonderful game so far!"
76561198008065496,Recommended,322110,26071538,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,xbeauox,"This game is awesome. If you loved Mega Man, Metroid, or any other old school platformer this is your game. Rouge-like elements combined with smooth responsive controls and great graphics. Tons of gamemodes and runs to do. This game has multiplayer,... MULTIPLAYER!! so awesome.. Overall even if the devs did no more work on this game at all I would reccommed buying it.!!One side note: DO not try and play this on a keyboard. You really really need a controller. If you do not use a xbox controller, remap the buttons right away and enjoy!10/10 Overall."
76561198048984227,Recommended,322110,26009083,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,themazingness,"Finally, the Mega Man game we never got, and it is Roguelike which is an amazing bonus!"
76561198002588852,Recommended,322110,26044403,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Game Crunch Zombie,"A wonderful rendition of Mega Man X4 style gameplay with heavy replayability. While the power ups really simple for the most part there are enogh unique power ups to keep the game fun and exciting through every replay.If I had one complaint about the power ups it's the (so far) lack of ability to equip the special armor units before you begin a mission to make it easier to have a complete armor set through a single play through on normal. I also think it would be nice to have the ability to equip one augment in Normal mode just to give us a little extra flavor to play with.The fact that it is Rogue Lite makes every playthrough randomized to some extent, which adds a lot of difficulty at times. I wish there were more enemy types as it can be a bit repetitive. It would also be nice if they added more bosses to more guarantee a new set of bosses every play through. New level types would be nice as well.Would I recommend it? Honestly if you like Mega Man games getting this should be a high priority on your part. This feels so much like Mega Man X while being different simultaneously that it is really hard to put it down.Looking forward to seeing how it further develops."
,Recommended,322110,26041825,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Weatley,"Fun as ♥♥♥♥, even if graphics need a wee bit of work"
,Recommended,322110,26043586,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Fizzix,"Do you like mega man x?Welp. This is 100% for you.Fast paced, addictive, explosive gameplay.This is the direction the X series should have evolved into instead of what it became."
,Recommended,322110,25991297,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Zoso Coheed,"I bought this game on a whim. I'd picked up the steam link and 4 controllers, so I decided that I wanted some split screen games to go with it. As a 2 player co-op game, it's fantastic.Its a roguelike megaman game, with daily challenges. Can't speak too much to the single player, but the co-op is a blast. If you have the extra change, grab it!"
,Recommended,322110,26000237,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,theluigiguy,"A great rogue-like interpretation of the Mega Man X games, with interesting powerups and surprisngly competent randomly generated level design. Great music and a neat art style adds to the experience, as well! (more complete review upcoming)"
,Recommended,322110,26240670,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ossiran,If you enoy mega man X or platformers in general this game is sick nasty.
,Recommended,322110,28261111,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Kabloey | trade.tf,"You wanted a co-op MegaMan X experience, too bad Capcom didn't give thatBe thankful BatteryStaples did what we wanted (and even added some new stuff), now buy this game."
,Recommended,322110,28177722,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,syrito,its kinda like megaman except its good
,Recommended,322110,28196016,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,UnknownFox,"Megaman Rouge-like, about all I can say and I love it!"
76561198182044051,Recommended,322110,28477541,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,exalteddugtrio,Simply amazing!!! If you liked the MegaMan X series then get it. Haven't been able to put it down since I bought it.
,Recommended,322110,28897781,Posted: 1 January,all,StanleYDG,Best homage to old school Megaman I've seen with some really great additions. Absolutely recommend this to any fans of the original 0 Megaman games or X series. 10/10
,Recommended,322110,31084558,Posted: 11 April,all,Snog,Really fun game!
,Recommended,322110,31112102,Posted: 13 April,all,Ch1ck3n,It's hard.  It's good.
76561198247811366,Recommended,322110,31144237,Posted: 14 April,all,mrnoodleknight,"Do YOU like Mega Man X? Do YOU like addictive platformers that are different everytime you play? Do YOU like good chiptune OSTs? If you said yes to any of those, then get this game, now."
76561198044118294,Recommended,322110,28930551,Posted: 1 January,all,daneomite69,"This game is on Viagra™, its really hard and really good."
,Recommended,322110,29449640,Posted: 23 January,all,gfalcao,"EDIT: REVIEW CHANGED, IGNORE THIS WHOLE FIRST PARTRefunded. Keeps freezing and I had to hard reset my PC twice in a row while playing for approximately 30 min(Win 10 / GTX1080 / 6700k / DDR4 16GB). This game has a ♥♥♥♥♥on of praise, a close to perfect score. I wouldn't be surprised if it was a problem on my machine.Also, seems like a pretty good Mega Man clone that I had  a lot of fun with on those 30minish play. Has local and network MULTIPLAYER.NEW REVIEW BELOWEdit: So, developer kindly offered some help. Ends up he nailed the problem: I have 2 XBOne controllers, a Driving Wheel, a Vive and a HOTAS. Following his suggestion I droppped everything unused and VOILA. Played for like 1 hour with 0 freezing.Not the optimal solution for me but I guess it's safe to say the game's not the culprit at all.Very cool and unique gameplay (platformer-roguelike-mega man mix) with neat presentation. Does what it takes to get almost 100% recommendations."
76561198355590435,Recommended,322110,30147775,Posted: 24 February,all,NightX96,"Love it, the game takes me back to the good ol' MegaMan X days, makes me wanna play the series again! I hope in the future this game gets a good story mode!"
,Recommended,322110,30138886,Posted: 24 February,all,Zombie formerly known as Prince,"This game is super dope. It feels like you're playing Megaman X in terms of how tight the controls are and how precise you have to move your character to got without damage. As a fan of Rogue like games, this is up there for one of my faves.You start the game normally (without any items) and as you play you get more powerful. However, one of the cool things is that as you play, there are tougher enemies that drop currency for when you start a new run. That currency is then used for buying new items that you get to try right away! Imo that was a really sweet move because in a lot of rogue like games, ala Boi or Enter the Gungeon, you don't get to even see how good the item you just unlocked is until you randomly get it in a run.I also really like how the implemented the weapons and equipment into the game. As I said before you start out with nothing (aside from your purchase before a run) and as you go you get items. However some items are part of your equipment that give you sweet powers like hovering, lifesteal, quick dashes, other stuff like that, but those items are part of a set of armor so if you want a chestplate, you have to get rid of the old one. Think of the active items in Binding of Isaac, except they're passive.Which brings me to my next point. The boss items are really cool. They are your activated items that you use energy (NRG) to use. You can have as many as you want as they make it so that in your start screen you can rearrange them as you please. You have 3 main ones and the rest are just benched until you need them. My complaint would be that it's kind of a bummer that you have to decide between the active item or another item you may need more. The solution, imo, would be to instead of having a random passive drop from the boss, have the activated item drop instead, and putting the item you would normally find in the chest at the end of the room. In other words, switching the placement of where you get the active item and passive items.I just want to say, this game is dope. If you are on the fence about it, but you love platformers or megaman it's totally worth 15$note for the devs: it would be cool if you could put in an option to make it so they don't grunt all the time when they jump. You get used to it but it doesn't change that it's obnoxious. Especially since you cna't change just that."
76561198034310856,Recommended,322110,30214484,Posted: 26 February,all,[XVI]HellBlade64,"High Octane Mega Man\ Mega Man X styled gameplay mix with procedurely and randomley generated levels. This game is bittersweet for me. It's fantastic and brings me back to my younger days of playing Mega Man X6 and X8 (two of my favorites. G o a h e a d a n d h a t e m e.) There are some bugs in gameplay, but nothing to big (as of yet.)But don't take my word for it, buy the game and give it a try yourself! My personal suggestion for that authentic Mega Man Xperience is to play with a controller.Anyways, why is this bittersweet? It's bittersweet because this game is great, frickin' fantastic even, and it proves to me that it has potential to become even greater. The bitter part is that it hurts me inside to know that I'll never see such a labor of love from Capcom themselves.Overall, try the game. If you enjoy it, keep playing! If you don't, hold onto it anyways. The game is updated frequently, so check back often to see the changes!"
,Recommended,322110,31162437,Posted: 15 April,all,BadNetCode,"I like Mega Man X, I like cooperative play, I like roguelikes, and I like where this is going. Hope the devs keep up the good work."
,Recommended,322110,29183987,Posted: 11 January,all,Frosty Phoenix,been playing platformer style games my entire life. cant get past first level most runs. MUCH too hard of a start for a game of this type. does get easier after many hours of play but be prepared for lots and lots of death.
,Recommended,322110,31169548,Posted: 15 April,all,moose5000,"If you like Mega Man (especially Mega Max X) you owe it to yourself to buy this game, it's worth every penny at full price. Don't worry about Early Access, they could release it in it's current state and it would still be a great game. I've never experienced a single crash or game breaking bug."
,Recommended,322110,31256867,Posted: 20 April,all,Bersilus,** noob mistake. the review previously written was for another game.This game is WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYBetter than Might- *cough* crap *cough* numerical 9
,Recommended,322110,31247815,Posted: 19 April,all,TemporalMoose,"incredible game, only issue i have is that it took a bit for me to warm up to the artstyle, but overall wonderful experience 8/10 would recommend"
76561198131481432,Recommended,322110,31252869,Posted: 20 April,all,Sensei_Pong,"Updates keep rolling in, so any technical issue that I may have may be moot point at the time that you read this:SO--what I will say is that this IS the best spiritual successor to the the Megaman franchise you'll find anywhere at the moment. I also soon realized that I'm garbage at Megaman X.Basically what it is is what you would get if Megaman was a successfully executed Rougle-lite. Everything from the artstyle, enemies, boss fights, and power-ups. It feels pretty legit.An easy 9/10 -- it may go to a 9.5 or 10 with the final release of v1.0. But as it stands, will offer the Megaman fix that you know you thirst for.It just makes me sad that this game stands in relative obscurity in comparisson to Mighty No. 9. People need to know that this game exists."
76561197990570457,Recommended,322110,30377842,Posted: 7 March,all,BigdanSMASH,"Fantastic. Been looking for a MegaMan style game for a long time and in my opinion this is a very good one. The controls are tight, sound is fantastic, graphics are sharp.The randomly generated levels in leiu of a story mode are a bit of a turn off, but if you just want solid gameplay, this is a great pickup. I recommend buying on sale or full price. 7/10"
76561198056862910,Recommended,322110,23814110,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Panyx,"10/10 , reminds me of megaman but on roids."
,Recommended,322110,23789779,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,PogoFish,"Indie roguelikes are a tried and true formulae but this game makes it feel fresh by taking all the right cues from Megaman X. Good gameplay, good aesthetic, good music, good fun."
,Recommended,322110,23864020,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Miles The Mighty,"This game is fantastic.  Classic megaman style levels, bosses and music.  I could seriously just let the sound track play for hours.  The game is still early access but there's so much polish already.  I can't wait to see where they take it next!"
,Recommended,322110,23862107,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Indiana BONES!,"I've heard hype about another game that was pegged as the ""Spiritual Successor"" to the Megaman franchise. That isn't, this is. This is the best platformer I have played in many years. GG!"
,Recommended,322110,23835319,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos",-Mega Man rogue-lite with Elements of Isaac-What sets this game apart from the other clones are the exactly implemented Mega Man controls and gameplay. No dumb tries to reinvent a perfect formula.Here you're playing semi-randomized levels while acquiring random upgrades or buy them in shops. When you die you're back at your base.Still lacks story and content but the framework is there.
76561198002630530,Recommended,322110,21060986,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,D-Train,"From what I've been able to play, the game is pretty good. Gets the megaman ""feel"" and physics right and adds some rogue like elements.I initially experienced some crashing with the game, but the development team acted immidiately upon seeing my previous review and resolved the problem. It's clear the game has a dedicated dev team behind it and you can be sure that this won't be one of those titles that never leaves early access."
,Recommended,322110,22639140,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,theLav!,"awesome fun, and great devs.  I bought this game about a year ago, and it is amazing to me how much the game has evolved in such a short amount of time.  Tons of new features and balance tweaks all the time.  This game is worth way more than $11.99 imo.  If you are a fan of MegaMan, or of just playing fun games in general, you owe it to yourself to buy this game."
,Recommended,322110,22600300,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,excaliburandavalon,"A great roguelike sidescroller that borrows heavily from megaman x, to great success. On the harder side just like the first games in the x series, yet still fair enough to never feel cheated into death. Music and graphics are hit and miss, sometimes from patch to patch, but overall a lot of fun."
,Recommended,322110,22745300,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,LukeoftheTauri,Do you love MegaMan? Do you love roguelikes? Then you'll definitly love this game!
76561198097167626,Recommended,322110,22765538,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Prickly Zognoid,"This game is absolutely fantastic. It captures the essence of Mega Man X almost perfectly whilst leaving just enough room to build its own identity. The roguelike elements of the game add tension to every run, and the various weapons found within the game are all unique and interesting(though I did find Ace's weapons to be more so than Nina's). The art style is gorgeous and pleasing to the eye, the music is stunningly brilliant, and the bosses are all well designed and challenging without being outright unfair. Get this game, absolutely."
,Recommended,322110,23093544,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,17thUnitMaverickHunter,"Even though its still in early access, 20XX is a fantastic Mega Man X style roguelike that is constantly evolving. The level elements are randomly generated, giving a new experience each time you play. Collecting augmenting items, aquiring armor, and obtaining bosses weapons all enhance your robotic warrior as you blast your way through the game.Pros:Gameplay: The game feels very similar to Capcom's iconic JUMPANDSHOOTMAN franchise. While the physics are not completely identical, it's accessable enough for veteran players to jump into the action.Items: The variety of collectables breath life into the genre, changing the game in fun and exciting ways.Music: The score is top notch.Difficulty: The game starts off very friendly for beginning players, but scales up in difficulty after progressing through each stage, reaching brutally punishing levels late game, just like Mega Man games are known for.Support: The developers are constantly updating the game (and do so every other Wednesday), adding new content and responding to user feedback. It's refreshing to see how involved the creators are.Cons:Randomly Spawning Items: This game is a roguelike, so random powerups come with the territory. But it can be very frustrating when you cannot find powerups that are relevent to your current character build.DIfficulty: As I mentioned, this game can be downright punishing. Especially if you don't have the proper items and equipment, some of the late game stage hazards seem cheap and infuriating. The laser traps in the Sky Temple in particular will make you want to throw your controller if you couldn't find anything to help you deal with them.Learning Curve: This isn't a con so much as a statement, but there is a definite adjustment period needed to get use to the game mechanics; especially if you're a Mega Man veteran. For example, the fact that your health doesn't replenish at the start of each new level seemed very strange at first, but once you get a feel for the game, these adjustments become a nonissue.All things considered, I love this game, and am continuously impressed by how far its come. I can't wait to see the finished product.9/10 Would definitely recommend."
76561198033474597,Recommended,322110,24158088,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Crystal shadow,"Awesome game, a great mix of old and new concepts."
,Recommended,322110,24136028,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kaduseon,"A quick and sweet rogue-like with intense platforming and shooting that'll leave you in a hilarious scramble.It seems to be in a cared for early-access program.It's got some pretty intense platforming that starts gently and ramps up to become pretty challenging.The simplistic shooting reminiscent of Megaman leads to an entertaining combat dynamic that can lead to a hilarious sort of frustration as a small flying robot pokes you from an awkward angle as you scramble to get the angle to shoot it.The boss and enemy design feels relatively creative, with a wide variety of enemies and varying tiers within those enemies. The bosses get harder the later you leave them, allowing the game to feel like it always has a steady difficulty curve no matter how you play.With the bosses, enemies, and platforming in mind, there is an interesting mechanic to try and set up a route of play where your skills are best expressed at a particular time. If you have troubles with platforming, you may try to set up some bosses and their environments earlier, or if you have troubles with a particular boss, you may try to face those bosses as soon as possible.The items all feel good to use, and I rarely feel like an item has ruined my game without me knowing it could. However, there was one time when my friend and I were playing two-player and he killed me by picking up an item that increased offensive power but decreased health. We were able to laugh it off and avoid it in future. The cumulative nature of normal items allows for potent builds focused on attacks and powers, or fun builds that just jump really, really, really high and make the platforming become easy (or even challenging for dumb-but-fun reasons).The item unlock system doesn't feel grindy and does feel pretty progressive... until the end, when it may be prone to that because it may reach a situation where an item is very expensive but there may be multiple items remaining and you cannot spend the rest of your currency on it. It's also nice to see that an unlocked item will grant you use for your next run so you can test drive it, and that there's an unranked mode where you can test items by starting with a few.The item unlock system and the item system go hand in hand where the unlocking currency can be spent instead to improve your chances with the next run by buying you items for that run.The two characters add fun ways of playing. Nina's ranged tendencies versus Ace's melee tendencies allow for very different kinds of games to be played, and the combinations of them in two-player add lots of variation.Overall, I'd say it's a fun game and feels very polished for an early access game, doesn't seem like it will burn out, and will have a pretty strong launch, and I'm excited to see where it goes."
,Recommended,322110,28496575,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Stahn,"It's like Mega Man X with Co-op. In my opinon the boss powers are underwhelming, and the fact that Ace's boss powers aren't different is a missed opportunity. Movement is fluid. Overall its a good game."
,Recommended,322110,28025626,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cubones,Do you like Megaman? Then you like this game.
76561198138704272,Recommended,322110,28016566,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,boomer_briney,Very fun and addicting. One of the best Mega Man clones out there.
,Recommended,322110,27606377,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sandyllama,"Megaman X meets Cloudberry Kingdom.It's currently in Early Access, but it's already worth the price."
76561197993488904,Recommended,322110,28418915,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Huuurrrrrrrgh,"Absolutely fantastic Megaman X Clone, Id totally sit down and have a good portion of a day to have some couch co-op fun with a friend on this game for sure! If it had a level builder it'd be everything Id ever want in a megaman game ;)"
,Recommended,322110,28090411,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,shogeki,"This game is nothing short of amazing.  It's a Megaman X - style platformer with roguelike elements.  The only difficulty is selling friends on the game, since the screenshots can't do it justice."
,Recommended,322110,28130688,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ark Royal Kai,"so after i came from might no9 extremely disapointted i couldn't really get that classic megaman feel then i see this game a few months later i see this game. and it is good it feels like a classic megaman game, and i know that this game will be improved and made better."
76561198003271946,Recommended,322110,27967474,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Step,"This is the Mega Man X game that Capcom seem unable to make anymore.At a little over 26 hours of playing the game I find the rogue elements keep me coming back. Although I have beat all the currently available bosses with both playable characters (can't wait for the final stage(s?)!)  I can't help but run right back in and try again. The randomness of the powers that you get combined with mix of which bosses you can take on at any given point gives each run its own feel. As I have become familiar with the game I find myself working out different strategies depending on what tools I have available, which influences the choices i have to make as I progress (What to buy at the store, what reward I want from defeating a boss, and which boss I pick next).  As I learned these elements of the game it made starting off fresh each run far less frustrating and has created a more long lasting Mega Man style game than I've had before.The one thing I haven't been able to do is beat what bosses are available without either the double jump or the fly enhancements. This is likely my own lack of skill, but navigating the later stages without it has resulted in death.I do think currently the difficulty of the stages ramps up nicely. Playing the Skytemple at level 1 is very different than it is at level 6. Which also leads into the choices of which bosses to take on at any given time.I played the game with the wired 360 controller and I found it to be very responsive.The music is spot on.Honestly I'd rather be playing the game right now instead of writing this review. So I will."
,Recommended,322110,27652065,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ChuckCharles,Mega Man X meets Roguelike is all you really need to know about this.  If you simply must know more then know that even though the game is early access that it is surprisingly playable and addictive.  It helps that the devs have stuck to a 2 week update schedule.
76561198037970525,Recommended,322110,27658437,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,darkmagic101,"I feel like this is the Megaman game I have been waiting for.  I feel a great future for this game, I do wish though it had a final level and main boss."
76561197977760610,Recommended,322110,27892101,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,XxQuickKillaxX,Really fun game for Mega Man lovers or anyone looking for a cool old school platformer.
,Recommended,322110,27907115,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,koi,It's pretty good. Decent amount of content being added and small tweaks by developers who pay attention. If you are hurting for a platoformer roguelike this is a snappy one that will keep you entertained for a while. Suffers from a bit of Isaac-syndrome where getting a few very good items early on can snowball you through the entire run.Devs did a great job of letting the player adjust difficulty through different modes of play. Enemy and boss design definitely needs some work though.Overall it is entertaining and a solid buy if the genres sound like something you would like.Never played any other Mega Man games so I can't speak to the nostalgia factor.
,Recommended,322110,27912176,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr. Fahrenheit,"This Game is Pretty awesome. Brings me back to the old days of Megaman X. There are a few hiccups here and there but mostly just in multiplayer and they are all just visual bugs. I played the co-op mode and it is tons of fun, you don't even have to stay in the same screen as your friend. I would like to see more of an end game to it the way ""the binding of issac"" was done. Maybe some more variety to the way the levels are built. For what it is though, It's hard to ask for more."
,Recommended,322110,22419076,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Manablade,"Just like other reviews say, this is randomly generated Mega Man X with items you can buy to show up in shops during your runs.  Most of these items have passive effects such as boosting attack power, increasing health item drop rates, raising max health and fully restoring current health, etc. There are also equipment pieces for head, body, boots, arms, and weapons.  The X-style character can swap out her normal buster for weapons like a spreadshot, and the Zero-style character can find axes, spears, and other weapons to swap with his saber if you're lucky enough to find them during your run.The dev has been great about adding consistent, large content updates throughout the Early Access period.  20XX continues to get better, and I look forward to seeing the final version.Basically, this is an incredibly good, randomly generated Mega Man X game. If you like Mega Man X or platformers in general then this is definitely worth your money."
,Recommended,322110,28034900,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sukotto,"Great tunes, great gameplay, and just the right amount of RNG."
,Recommended,322110,27743799,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RecklessRush,Great callback to a great classic. and the fact that they update it CONSTANTLY is one of my favorite features.
76561197993470349,Recommended,322110,24247469,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Lejonet,"Played two hours before stopping. Really frustrating menues. The sprites, pathways, monsters and the overall layout is really hard to notice from the background. The entire game is just a blurr. Died several times on the same place before noticing there was a red bush in the way that was killing me but it just melted in the background so you couldn't really spot it. Grabbing walls is really clunky since the character doesn't really match his size and usually just misses the walls despite clearly being on it.The game has it's moments tho, it feels really intuitive on some things like general movements, lots of replayable content, ladders and competitions.For everyone thinking this is anything like any of the Megaman-games: Don't buy it. It might be fun after a couple of hours when you have adjusted or similar but for me it's not my cup of tea. It's a good game but I just can't get over the mobs and similar blending in the background, it just kills it.I would however recommend it for people who want a platformaction-""almost""-megaman-game after explaining these things. For what it costs it's probably really good for people who can withstand the background♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,322110,33202405,Posted: 3 July,all,eelijah,"exactly what it purports to be, a reimagining of the megaman/megaman x series but with procedural generation and some other rogue-lite elements. needs some more polish but it's already a pretty fleshed out game even being in early access. definitely get it if you like megaman, $15 is a great price for what you're getting."
76561197993752320,Recommended,322110,33100812,Posted: 1 July,all,thorp44,It's a great game with a lot of replay value because of the randomly generated content. Buy this if you are a Megaman fan or just need something fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,322110,32916634,Posted: 28 June,all,BlahDehBlah,"The game is very fun as is, but it really needs a campaign mode."
,Recommended,322110,33359090,Posted: 7 July,all,ACIDENTE,É quase bom. Espera sair do early access que o online ta bugado. Ou isso ou é culpa da net.
,Recommended,322110,33327546,Posted: 6 July,all,ChocolatierGames,"I am a big fan of the original Megaman games, and this adds enough fresh content to keep me playing20XX is a 2d action platformer where you control one of two different healers, one uses a blaster and the other uses a cool energy sword. Each of these work similar, but I can definitely see someone preferring one, and I personally found I perform better with the blaster. You then take these and run through a series of procedurally generated levels gaining powerups, and new pieces from your suit in order to conquer each boss. The powerups are gained a la megaman, where you defeat a boss and then gain a powerup similar to a move that boss uses. The powerups are all cool, well balanced, and polished to not feel weird using. The suit augments are also very nice, but are typically direct stat upgrades, with the exception of things like charging causing objects to attract to you. Both of these are really nice, and allow for different playstyles and I was never disappointed seeing them.Playing on a CurveThe stage level design is always pretty good. Even though it is partially procedural, each level centers its platforming around a central platform, or gimmick. The stage types are different from one another, but not all of these stages are created equal. You will start in a random stage, provided you don’t enter a seed, and some of these stages will be much more difficult than the others. I always preferred the jungle stages to the lava ones, and felt it was a bit unfair when you would be plopped in the middle of a difficult stage, with no powerups, or augmentations to help you through. After you complete a stage you get a choice of three, and after a couple playthroughs, you will get a feel for what you are equipped for.Hi-ResAfter a constant slew of mediocre / pixel graphics in indie games (not to knock pixel graphics), but it is nice to see something that is sort of a break from the Norm. The cartoonish graphics are very nice, and don’t look much like other cartoon graphics. I like the majority of the animations, but the idle animation looks a bit cheap, and not as nice as the others. The variety of color looks nice, with each of the level styles having their own color palette, and colors not repeating between the stages.Let’s Make Some NoiseThe Sound design in 20XX is pretty ok, with retro sounds and electronic music, but I don’t think it matches the tone of the game perfectly. The game’s music seems a bit out of place with the sorts of electro tracks you hear a lot in games, and that is not to say it is bad, just a bit mediocre. The sound effects follow suit, seeming to rely too much on retro sounds, and sound a bit dissonant from the game you are playing.Overall20XX is an entertaining game, and with the customization, is full of replayability. The art and music is pleasing, with only a few quirks. And the game is easy to control, and fun to play. With that in mind, 20XX gets an 8 out of 10 with a label of “quality”."
,Recommended,322110,33457214,Posted: 11 July,all,KeineGnade,"It's the Megamn game we've wanted for a long time. It's an ingenous mix of the old 'Megaman X' games with rogue likes and it is an ingenous concept.Some more bosses would be nice because you are effectively just playing the same game over again, but with different stage layouts, obstacles, enemy placements and items. If there were 9 levels and more bosses randomly and some more stages then it would be varied, however it is just 9 levels and the same 9 bosses just you can kind of choose which order you fight them (KINDA).The augs are items that boost stats and it's interesting. Then there are the armor pieces which are similar to the 'Megaman X' games: VERY SIMILAR in most cases. it's a great game as it is and would be better with more stages and bosses and maybe with some enemy types. Overall, it is completely worth the 15 dollars and is far more fun than 'Mighty Number 9' and I enjoy it and I can't wait to see what is added in the final product and the updates they pump out just abour every 1 to 2 weeksEdit: Also there is a working multiplayer both online and couch. And if challenge is what you're looking for then there are 15 different skull modifiers that will make the game nearly impossible with all fo them on or you can turn any number of them on for your run"
76561198026958057,Recommended,322110,33472310,Posted: 11 July,all,tonyinhell,all the things might no.9 should have been and more
76561198025140062,Recommended,322110,33527600,Posted: 13 July,all,Laitar,"20XX is true to the style and pace of the classic Mega Man genre, The natural variance in gameplay makes it excellent as a Roguelike. If you ever enjoyed Mega Man, or wanted to see what it was like, this is the best form of that style of game."
,Recommended,322110,26142389,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,GarTheConquer,This game is excellent for couch co-op!Controls are tight. Bosses are fun.My only complaint is that the stage backgrounds look kinda dumpy.All of my game time has been co-op with GF.  What an excellent platformer!!!
,Recommended,322110,26637540,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Weegee888zen,Its fun at a lot like megaman X games witch are my favotite 2D platforming games. The goal of the game I find to be a little weird but not bad its very fun and if your looking for some good megaman action play this game
,Recommended,322110,32187524,Posted: 4 June,all,EnfernO,"Game is very  reminding of Mega Man X games.  Fast paced 2D action, very fluid and tight controls.  Only complaint is the constant crashes.  Have not tried Multiplayer which seems to be a issue?Windows 10."
,Recommended,322110,32171617,Posted: 4 June,all,Sushi,"Great game updated every 2 weeks (for early access).There is a difficulty increase so instead of just doing the boss in the order like in a Megaman, you have to take into account which boss you are familiar with and which you are not.Netcode is ok, no lag input for me."
,Recommended,322110,32034185,Posted: 28 May,all,Seraph,"What is it?20XXis a sidescrolling platformer with roguelike elements; their tagline alone tells you that, and is correct - if you like Mega Man and roguelikes, you should check this out.What do you do?Heavily drawing from the Mega Man X franchise, the game is led by two characters -Nina, the ranged X-like character, andAce, the melee Zero-like character. Either alone or together in co-op, these characters have to make their way through eight stages of semi-randomized madness, with each level escalating in difficulty in terms of both enemies encountered and hazards to navigate. At the end of each stage, you'll fight a stylized boss with a unique power; each defeated boss gives you that power, which another boss will invariably be weak to.Sounds pretty similar to the source material, right? Well, that's about where it stops. That's all the Mega Man you're getting, aside from a similar control scheme. Be grateful; it means there's room for so much goodness that wouldn't fit the Mega Mold, you won't know where to start.Like what?Well, you'd almost never play a Mega Man game and completely eschew using the boss powers. You'd be denying yourself a vital part of the intended arsenal of the game. But in 20XX, you can (based on choice or by random luck) get pickups that make your main attack devastatingly powerful - at which point, you may decide to forego the powers the bosses give you, and instead take one of the two generic powerup augs that they offer instead, if they suit you. There are even special experimental augs that take this a step further and completely disable one form of attack, pushing the other form's damage even higher.Though, by ditching boss powers, you're also denying yourself something else Capcom's blue hero doesn't get, at least not often - each power has a useful secondary function. One knocks over vending machines, giving you their contents for free. Several of them disable certain types of environmental hazards, to make traversal easier. One of them can be freely pointed downwards, and will provide upwards lift when done so, allowing for some spectacular saves on the literal fly.The several different sets of attainable armor mods are each their own very complimentary entities, and collecting a matched set always has it's benefits - unless you pick up the augment that gives you massive boosts for being mix-matched, in which case you want whatever you can get.Roguelike how?The game almost always presents you, through the drops you get, with a different way to attempt to play. Got a lot of life, jump height and run speed? Try dashing your way through at high speed. Lots of main weapon power and the Scatter upgrade? Shotgun robot time. Lots of weapon power and more weapon energy than you'll ever use? Go nuts with the very satisfying boss weapons. Picked up an experimental aug? Prepare foranythingto change.As well, the levels change their layouts every time; you'll grow familiar with certain setpieces, but the ordering and even presence of those setpieces is shuffled every game, along with the presence of loot crates, stores, and other bonuses.And of course, death is final. There is no reloading a save after death, and you can only save when you quit. A nice touch is the fact that you will find fallen versions of the two playable characters lying on stages sometimes; the game will record when you die in a certain area/setpiece, and place a body there to be found and looted.How does it play?Like a dream. The controls are tight and responsive, allowing for some really technical tricks if you feel like learning them. The sensation of speed and control when playing this game is perfect, and in some ways evenbetterthan the source material.The game is easy to understand, and every power-up (and there are a lot) explains what it does. The experimental augments are an exception, as they give cryptic hints rather than clear explanations, but a little thought can clue you in and of course, you'll know what it does if you pick it up.There's a lack of a decent tutorial stage; the game kind of throws you right into an interactive menu, and you have to work it out from there. Anyone that's familiar with a MMX game will have no trouble, but a novice might get frustrated a bit before picking it up. (There, I suppose, is the roguelike facet again.)To wit: (tl;dr)20XX is like Mega Man X with a randomizer attached, and can be experienced in more ways than you're probably expecting. If you like platformers and want a game that will frustrate, surprise, anger, delight, and challenge you, GET THIS ONE. You won't be sorry."
,Recommended,322110,32066359,Posted: 30 May,all,DataBase,"This game is literally everything Mighty No. 9 should have been. It's got everything I've come to expect from a Mega Man game and more. Would definitely recommend to any die hard Mega Man fans out there, but be warned: the levels can get pretty hard and frustrating. Try not to break your controller."
76561197999423205,Recommended,322110,31990220,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,"Excellent game, roguelike megaman"
,Recommended,322110,32054562,Posted: 29 May,all,Joker,"A lot of people don't seem to understand this is a Rogue-Like, not a megaman fan game. This game is one of my favorite games to play though. Great way to pass the time!"
,Recommended,322110,32119272,Posted: 1 June,all,The Guardian Fox,"Not once have I regretted backing 20XX. Consistant updates, wonderful developers, and a fantastic game that already trumps most indy games that I have played.It's done nothing but improved since I've been playing it, and I can't wait for 1.0, when I intend to really sink my teeth in and play with friends. :3"
76561197972429211,Recommended,322110,32097127,Posted: 31 May,all,maxastro,"As someone who has been a huge Megaman X fan since childhood and beaten X/X2/X3 a couple dozen times, I was able to beat this game on normal difficulty on my very first playthrough, with the speed bonus on every boss except the last one (by about three seconds).That said, partially this was because I got the wonderful combination of knockback immune/air dash.  And more importantly, that was the most fun hour of gameplay I've had in ages.  This game absolutely scratched my Megaman X itch, and I am super excited to jump back into it and find out what the harder difficulty levels are like.Well designed, well polished game that FEELS like Megaman X.  As soon as I jumped in I was right at home; even the range on the air dash feels familiar.  My only nitpick is that when you kick off a wall you kick straight up, instead of kicking slightly away - other X fans know what I mean.Can't wait to see what the endgame looks like when that is finished.  If you are a Megaman X fan, get this game!"
,Recommended,322110,32075046,Posted: 30 May,all,Evolten,it's okay
,Recommended,322110,23488031,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,KeyAndEnter,"It's exactly as it says - a roguelike Megaman X with kickass music and decent graphics.Pros:-Feels almost exactly like a Megaman X game-Great soundtrack-Gameplay is smooth and tight-Graphics are pretty great-Controller support-Stages are randomly generated, so it's a new difficult experience every time-Boss designs and battles are creative and challengingCons:-Still in beta, so it can freeze at times and be buggy-Boss fights sometimes feel too easy-Stages can sometimes be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Get it while it's still early access. It's totally worth it and I loved it."
,Recommended,322110,24230991,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,bier,"Closest thing you get to a new Megaman game, and a very good one at that too.Mighty number what?"
76561198095244218,Recommended,322110,24223610,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,GreatMovieRider,"Not sure if they're planning on fixing the many glaring UI issues with this game.  It's hard to enjoy it when the screen's UI obscures your characters, and they have so many different collectibles that all kind of look similar it's a confusing mess.  Soul chips, nuts, tokens, AND ""scrap""? Or maybe those are the same? I'm not sure.Other than that though there's a decent game somewhere in here. It's just buried under a pile of indecipherable UI and cluttered environment art."
,Recommended,322110,24213188,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,W15H,"It's Megaman X, and megaman Zero, but roguelike, which means it's got replayability. Is it hard? it can be. Is it amazing? yes. Honestly it's not for everyone, and that's okay. Some people want the levels to be the same every time so they can learn the optimal playthrough for speed running.If you like the megaman series though, buy this game."
,Recommended,322110,24427312,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Professor Hizzle,"Old gamer, here.Bought this on a whim, for reasons of nostalgia, and am very pleased. Great concept. Procedurally-generated Mega-Man clone with a unique flavor."
,Recommended,322110,24405920,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,OSad,"A Megaman-esque game that's story-lite and has some amount of randomness in its stages and pickups. Two playable characters, eight bosses and four stages make the bulk of its content. Controls are nice and tight as you'd expect, and it features a very good soundtrack. Aesthetics seem to be exported straight out of Spine and have an odd look to them, but that comes down to personal opinion.Right now, you finish it once, you've pretty much seen all it has to offer, but the daily runs prop it up and add a much needed degree of replayability. To be fair, the game is updated every week, and for what you get right now, it's very reasonably priced."
,Recommended,322110,24197941,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all, WraithGear,"Yes I am here because of MN9.ANYWAY! This game is addictive as hell. It has an awsome sound track, its a rouge-like-like with all things we love about megaman. AND IT IS HARD AS NAILS.Personally I was not totaly thrilled about some of the character/boss designs, including the main characters...That being said, the game dosen't take its self too seriously, and as i started my first run it became a complete non issue.It just feels right. there is no story, just robot masters to kill, and randomly generated levels to traverse, and search for hidden power ups. If you find the right combination, you can break this game, and that is sort of the goal. You get enough jump boosts to reach the boss door in one jump on the verticle stage? sure go for it if you can handle it! Every time you die, you gain new items to try out, and you learn new strategies, and boss weaknesses, that I found myself up past 7:00 am!get it."
76561198089596848,Recommended,322110,24184231,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rockethero15,Mega man x plus rouge legacy plus binding of isaac plus magicite. I LOVE YOU
,Recommended,322110,24184645,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Electric,"Really fun game. If you like Mega-man X, this is for you."
,Recommended,322110,29907200,Posted: 13 February,all,RazgrizSF,"It's Megaman X powered the hell up. The Music and solid game play makes this the true successor to the Megaman X franchise. Forget Might No.9 or even Gunvolt, This right here, is what you are looking for. However, if you die, you die. Only downside in my opinion. Other than that, great game! Controls are very smooth as well. 9/10"
76561198298541554,Recommended,322110,31210683,Posted: 17 April,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,HARD BUT AWESOME
,Recommended,322110,30302222,Posted: 3 March,all,Boibi,"I have beaten this game on normal mode probably some 8 or 9 times. I still go back to play it again once a week. It's in development, but the devs are super on top of things. They update very frequently. The game is basically an endless Megaman X game. And I honestly couldn't ask for more."
,Recommended,322110,30308229,Posted: 3 March,all,@greg_gamer,"This game is AMAZING!Mega Man classic meets Roguelike gameplay and boom you have challenging, randomly-generated levels, dozens of upgrades, several, several weapons. The game is high-paced, thrilling, great-looking and, the best part, is that it has LOCAL COUCH CO-OP. The soundtrack is another feature on its own. You could just put on the headphones and enjoy the title screen theme song. Seriously, this game is the cat's pajamas for anyone who's been a Blue Bomber fan for the past two decades and for anybody else who's wishing to board the Mega-Train with a refreshing, entertaining, challening and fun new game of the genre."
,Recommended,322110,31210265,Posted: 17 April,all,MidKnight679,"Hey, you, looking at the screen, let me ask you a question, do you like awesome things that are awesome? Then you got to play this game dude, it's freaking cool. And crazy addictive, like popping bubble wrap addictive."
76561198106239384,Recommended,322110,30274301,Posted: 2 March,all,Lunar,"Co-operative Megaman X roguelite that is constantly getting updates from its great developers; I'd say it's the Mighty No.9 we actually wanted, but that would be insulting this game."
76561198049532453,Recommended,322110,29348700,Posted: 18 January,all,imtimadator,"This Game is hard, I mean really hard. It feels optimized for coop. When playing coop this game is great, Damn good. Its worth every penny. Single player needs better optimazation though. Im not good at platformers but this one is REALLY good. Its feels like theyre ought to be hard, normal, casuals, and a for Babies mode. It'd open up its audience if joeshmo has an enjoyable single player experience. I would too like to open this game up to larger coop groups. the two protaganists are GREAT but i really would like to be able to add more friends to my experience playing this game. I LOVe this game and only want too see it improve, in one way or another. Pick up this game its Damn good."
76561198008861199,Recommended,322110,29875617,Posted: 12 February,all,MoonMoon🐺,"I suppose I should leave my opinion of this?I love it. The gameplay does remind me of my days playing Megaman X4 (which I did play through about four times), and vaguely also of Megaman 8. Really of that series I only also played Megaman V all the way through.This game? Everything I could love of a platforming shooter game, along with the roguelike elements at play... I'm thinking that while one might like to save and fix mistakes, that this whole ""roguelike"" aspect is what I love of games now. It leaves so much replayability, and yet you as a player also improve every time. (Heart & Slash is another favorite of mine, as is that Crypt of the Necrodancer lately.)So, roguelike is great. Something else that's great? Freaking multiplayer game! Meaning I can play it with people! I love that in games too! :DIn all, I've started playing this already, and already to me this looks promising.Also... I don't know if it's from liking Zero from Megaman X, or playing the Castlevania series... but I do seem to enjoy playing Ace a lot more than Nina. Sure, Nina has range, but for some reason that doesn't seem to bother me having to close in on enemies... Hmm."
76561198086418143,Recommended,322110,29884157,Posted: 12 February,all,Sarthos_Jacruga,"An amazing platformer with fluid and responsive controls, stylized graphics, great levels, and above all, a satisfying experience. Some bugs here and there, but it does recieve consistent updates as well as hotfixes.A great throwback to the two-dimensional glory-days of old."
,Recommended,322110,29897310,Posted: 13 February,all,AC ROSE,"This game is like having your cake and eating it, to which you then go to the store and buy another cake of which to consume. It's good."
,Recommended,322110,31892548,Posted: 21 May,all,Mediocre LPC,"Being that this game is still in developement it's very very good. However, the controls suck on keyboard and you basically have to play with a controller. Hope they work this out in the future because I could sink a lot of hours into this game."
76561198034512152,Recommended,322110,31518807,Posted: 2 May,all,Klobb,"2014?? HOW DID I NOT HEAR OF THIS GAME!Been playing 20XX for about 2 days now and I can see myself burning out on it pretty quickly if I keep up this pace since I have already completed the normal game and multiple challenges plenty of times.I know the game is and has been in development for ages now and everything i've played feels great. Though I have said I without a doubt recommend this game I do feel like I should do a pros and cons list as I have played MegaMan games more than I should prbably admit.Pros-Nostalgia with a twist (Waiting for that new MegaMan? Play this)-Nice amount of variety in weapons, abilities and movement options-Good difficulty curve for first time action platformer players-Enemies and Bosses are creative and evolve well even if there may be just a few at the moment they have variety-Platforming feels great (Wouldn't believe how uncommon this is) even if there is a few questionable hiccups here and there-THE MUSICNowthen....Cons?This is more or less just minor nitpickingCons-Blue and Red Protaganists, I can understand the X and Z love and tribute here but it would be nice to see a more original design-Stages are randomized and I know it's hard to make a true randomized stage and for this reason I dont mind replaying sections over but more diverse terrain/environmental hazards would fix this quite nicely-For as many times as I have stacked ""More bolt/More Hp"" drops it doesn't seem to do a whole lotThats about it for those as the game feels quite solid.Only thing I would love to see this game do though is have a story mode as who doesn't love loreOne more thing! Would love there to be a mode that allows you to try out a custom build through a trail stage. Just short and sweet and a way to see what works well together."
76561197979922223,Recommended,322110,31499617,Posted: 1 May,all,Park,Mega Mannnnn
,Recommended,322110,31616278,Posted: 7 May,all,SilverVictini,"People say this is Mega Man meets Roguelike.They are lying.This is MEGA MAN X4 meets Roguelike! That means super smooth mobility, great music, crazy weapons, fun stages, and Zero (Ace). The rogue like elements involve random-ish boss order, mix-and-match armor and risky relics. Oh, and it's actually still developing, so expect new changes and updates often. They even have a countdown to the next one!Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,322110,31654263,Posted: 9 May,all,Antagonist,"Do you like old school Mega Man? If the answer to that question is yes, you will love this game.Recommend using a controller though, I can't pass the first stage using mouse and keyboard.Recommend if you have a controller.Do not recommend if you're using mouse and keyboard (Unless you're really good with mouse and keyboard)"
,Recommended,322110,31585259,Posted: 6 May,all,Code6,"Great first impression as someone who never got into Megaman X, but wanted to catch up. Runs really smoothly on my laptop.I've played both this game and Megaman X for the first time this year, and I've only played both for about 30min. So far this game has been less frustrating. I think it's a combination of the difficulty ramping up more gradually in a run, and the controls feeling a bit better to me. Regardless, I hope to play this a lot more."
76561198164680828,Recommended,322110,31619519,Posted: 7 May,all,Maestro of Metal,"Classic Megaman X gameplay in a roguelike. Found this not long after Mighty No. 9 was released, and wanted something that would do a better job at scratching the itch. This game did that. I just wish that there was a final level (though I've heard that will be coming with the version 1.0.Can't wait to see what the finished product is like.Oh, and local co-op is awesome. Part of the reason I bought it was to have something to do with my roommate."
,Recommended,322110,31609343,Posted: 7 May,all,Artemis McDonahugh,"Its a megaman game, with a twist. lots of fun so far and cant wait to dig back into it"
76561198213277103,Recommended,322110,31908473,Posted: 22 May,all,silverzero,"An amazing Mega-Man-X-sytle game. Combat is fun. Fast paced and overall amazing game. Character designs are not to my taste, But I can't hold that against that. OST is great too. Unfortunately, I can't recomend it at it's current price. Wait until it gets out of early access."
,Recommended,322110,34726110,Posted: 3 September,all,Stivius,"A very fun Mega Man X styled roguelite with a couple of glaring problems.The most pressing issue in my 10 or so hours of game play is that your basic movement for both characters (which does include a ground dash) leaves a lot to be desired in the later levels. The platforming in level 6 or farther becomes exponentially more difficult if you don't RNG one of the 3 good leg Augs, which because this is a roguelite you have no guarantee to get. It also makes the harder versions of some bosses MUCH harder than they would be if you had decent movement options.Second, unlocking a lot of the buyable/collectable augs after the first 5 or so runs ends up being a detriment in a lot of scenarios when it just increases the pool of options that you can get from stores/chests for augs. A lot of them are useless depending on existing upgrades and some can be actively bad for you.On the positive side, the gameplay is immediately familiar to veterans of the Mega Man X series. both the X (Nina) and Zero (Ace) analogues are fun to play and remind you very much do how X and Zero controlled in the early MMX games. The music and sound effects add a lot to the nostalgia of the experience, and fit nicely with the aesthetic of the game.Overall it's well worth it's price of entry for anyone into Mega Man or old school platforming, and fans of the Mega Man and X series will have a lot of fun here. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,322110,34730316,Posted: 4 September,all,Zotar,"After having Mighty No. 9 being a dissappointment and capcom releasing basically only collections of games already released, I missed having a Megaman style game that was original and fun. This MORE than meets that craving I had.What I liked:-Platforming is fun and can be fast paced if you can dash properly.-Although parts of stages may seem familiar in later levels as you get further into a run, the familiar section gets outfitted to make it much more difficult and fresh at the same time.-Challenge sections help to show mechanics of the game instead of hand holding.-The unlock system allows you to use the items immediately at the start of the next round so you're not left guessing how they work until RNG lets you.-Hard mode is customizable and adds an incredible amount of replayability to the game, including options that can make this identical to a megaman game (albeit with one life).-They were not joking when they said ""Crisp precise controls,"" it is incredibly satisfying platforming and if you make a mistake, you can tell it's not the game's fault for the damage(most of the time).-If you find the upgrades you've purchased make the game too easy (specifically the OP ones) they can be disabled for more of a challenge.What I didn't like so much:-Some of the text in the menu for hard mode challenges (at least at my screen resolution) do not appear fully, and the top and bottom lines of text are cut off so I can't tell what the challenge does completely. This could probably be fixed in later versions.-Some areas cause guaranteed damage at higher levels which can feel a tad cheap at times.What I would like to see later:-More robot masters. It'd be nice seeing some more added to the cast of characters, maybe a second story of sorts (basically advanced mode) where the 8 current are seperated from the 8 new.-Even more variety to the items, augmentations, enemies and level sections. Some people complain about a lack of variety at this point and I can understand that, however other rogue games, specifically considering the binding of isaac had a limit on room design, enemy design, and more, expanding once wrath of the lamb, rebirth, afterbirth, and afterbirth+ came out. That's when the level design became much larger. I have high hopes for this game to continue growing.What I hope to add to this review later:-Multiplayer, I have yet to try out this feature, but it seems very promising and something I've wanted for many megaman games.I highly reccomend this game and I think it should be a very sought after game for fans of megaman and more.As a bonus I say check out the soundtrack as well, It's really well done music and I've listened a ton to it. I say the title song, ""20XX,"" is my favorite."
,Recommended,322110,34751138,Posted: 4 September,all,Vulpes Radical,"Very, very nice! If you like Megaman X, you might get a kick out of this game. I, however, kinda suck at these games, but being able to play this kind of game with a friend makes it.. Really hecking fun. It can be super frustrating at times, and some times the levels might make you want to curl up and die..But aside from that, it's still pretty solid! Granted, it could always use more polish and improvements, but it's still pretty neato.Pick up this game if you like jumping and shooting stuff! Or don't! I ain't gonna stop ya from donig whatever, you know."
76561198047682559,Recommended,322110,34730287,Posted: 4 September,all,Donut,"I grew up playing Megaman Zero and ZX, so this game is just perfect. The gameplay, soundtrack, and overall feel of the game is just on point. Honestly, this is everything I wanted Mighty No.9 to be, and I couldn't ask for more. If I had to nitpick, the art style could use a little more work, but it's nothing major. If you're a fan of platformers, or was let down by the Mighty No.9 Kickstarter like I was, do yourself a favor and pick this up. It's definitely worth it at full price, especially with co-op giving tons of replayability."
,Recommended,322110,34760639,Posted: 5 September,all,ProfessorBarbell,Time to keep this one short and sweet.Mighty number 9's alter ego.+ Megaman like platformer+ Roguelike/lite (Depends on playstyle)+ Multiplayer+ Items and UpgradesThe game is everything you wanted in megaman when you were young lad.
,Recommended,322110,34760742,Posted: 5 September,all,ShakeThoseCakes,"A mix of Megaman X, Binding of Isaac, and Immortal Redneck and caters to speedrunners.Took around 30 hours for me to unlock everything in the game (besies the achievements). There is an endless mode, seed mode, and speedrun mode for those who want more. There is also a leaderboard for daily and weekly runs to test your skills against other players.Pros-Controls feel really good to me (PS4 controller)-Speedrun mode-Daily/Weekly runs-Great mechanics, learning new possibilities everyday-Able to crank up the difficulty (A LOT)-SoundtrackCons?-Game doesn't tell you much. Could be a pro or a con depending on how you view it. I like discovering things but there were some basic stuff that I didn't know about before that I wish I did due to the item description not telling you enough about the item.-No story. Personal con, but half of the enjoyment of Megaman X series for me was the story (though X6 messed things up a bit)Overall, the game is a 7.5/10 for me, if you like Megaman X games, you'll like this. Will update this review again if they add new content."
,Recommended,322110,34805436,Posted: 7 September,all,BishopManny,"An homage to Megaman that manages to be even more difficult than Megaman by having no password or save system. Death is permanent. The only thing that persists between games is Soul Chips, which unlock optional permanent upgrades. This is an extremely punishing game until you learn boss weaknesses and strategies. The randomly generated stages keep gameplay fresh across multiple runs."
76561198046987644,Recommended,322110,34829307,Posted: 8 September,all,mk_skywalker,"This game is everything i loved about megamanX games and so much much more. What I love about 20XX is how many different ways and playstyles you can try in this game. For it's price this is definitely a steal, highly recommend over and over again!"
,Recommended,322110,34875319,Posted: 10 September,all,BMM,"As a kid i grew up playing lots of video games one of my favorite game series was Mega man X  espically 4,5 and 6. And for years now i wanted to play either a sequel or something similar to it and i found this game satisfied is an understatement for me. I love this game its basically megamanXrouge-like  it was really difficult for me to get used to at first it felt extremely harder then megaman but after a few hours of trying it got a lot easier and the movement fast paced platfrom jumping wall climbing felt great and smooth. Though dont get me wrong this game you can make it easy or really hard if you want to by picking a difficulty between easy normal and hard in addition you can add skulls to make the game even harder for example falling off once will perma kill you and so on. i definitely recommend this game if your a fan of megaman or if you just like platformer fast paced action games you can play it up to 2 players local co-op or online though playing it locally makes you share the same screen so i wouldnt recommend playing it locally co-op.if theres any complains i have its just not much content after clearing the game there isnt much to do but i mean its a cheap indie game it did a lot more then what it should have.9/10 for me."
76561198004097512,Recommended,322110,34896227,Posted: 11 September,all,Kevin,First ever review of a game and its well worth it. 20XX is an amazing game with solid mechanics and true tribute to the Mega Man X series.Proco oplots of unlockssmooth mechanicsgreat level designCongame leaves you desiring for more content but its a solid amount for now
,Recommended,322110,34529118,Posted: 27 August,all,GoooD,"The random generator is surprisingly not bad, a very good game in it's genre especially since Mighty No.9 went too♥♥♥♥♥♥and most side scrolling RPG choose focus more on Platforming instead of action.It's fun."
,Recommended,322110,34544928,Posted: 27 August,all,Antagony,I never would have expected Megaman X and rogue gameplay to combine so well. Can't reccomend this game enough.
76561197983437107,Recommended,322110,34542507,Posted: 27 August,all,ColumW,"Satisfying gameplay, bumping music, and awesome Megaman inspiration! Rogue elements fit very well in this game's design. Easily worth the already cheap price tag."
76561198025298967,Recommended,322110,34542772,Posted: 27 August,all,Zygomorphe,"Rogue-Lite, Megaman X inspired platformer with nice graphics, Good gameplay, local and online co-op and a a super soundtrack."
76561198039983611,Recommended,322110,34543053,Posted: 27 August,all,Defied,"ive spent a fair amount of time on 20XX completing the game on normal. i purchased the game on sale for $12 and felt like i got my moneys worth. i enjoyed the graphics, gameplay, music, the FEEL of the game. it feels great. i question some design choices. runs can be highly RNG based on what set pieces you found and what items were available for purchase. you can have one run fully decked out dealing insane amounts of damage and having utility, mobility, and survivability. you can also have a run where 75% through you come to terms with the fact you wont be completing a buster build so you have to start buying points for powers or vice versa. that can be really frustrating. the only other thing i will really criticize is the story. there isnt much of one. i got into megaman when the X series came out and story was a big deal to me. part of what kept me from trying out mighty no. 9 was that it looked really childish.what i would like to see is a more robust story, even if its not in the vein of an X story, a longer campaign, and less RNG between runs. maybe allow us to select what set items appear before the run? i dont know.  all in all, i had a good time and it definitely brought back some really nostalgic feelings in the heavy platforming parts."
76561198038976176,Recommended,322110,34524317,Posted: 27 August,all,halcyondazed,"Played 2 hours but I get the gist. Me and a buddy played local co-op with controllers and it was fantastic. Can get a bit wonky when the screen streches, but you get used to it. I'm not great at platformers but we're already clearing up to stage 4 and it's a fun and fair challenge."
76561198005226275,Recommended,322110,34536901,Posted: 27 August,all,Caboose,"I love the game. Iknowits just a spinoff from megaman, but its still good. The only bad thing i will say is that the achivements dont work. Ive done most of them but they dont unlock. Its not a big deal to some but to me, i like unlocking them other then thatthis game is fun. Its just fun. And like megaman, even tho i have beaten it a few times its still fun to do it again!"
,Recommended,322110,34571528,Posted: 29 August,all,Spooks?,"Don't let my hours fool you, I played this game in local co-op with a friend for ~12 more hours than this. This game is really fun with 2 players. It's satisfying, the co-op mechanics are good. The only problem with co-op is that with two players you tend to forget which one is you, even though they look different. Not so much the game's fault as it is our fault for being stupid.The problem with the game overall is that there aren't really that many different pieces of level for the generation, and you tend to see the same stuff every time you play the game... largely making the levels feel the same every time through. If there were around twice as much level generation variety, this game would be a masterpiece, but hey, it's fifteen bucks and it can easily reach that dollar-per-hour ratio, if not exceed it.The absolute best part of this game is the controls. This is one of the tightest controlling platformers I've ever played. They took the time to make sure they were perfect, and they absolutely nailed it. The items are generally pretty cool, and they do change up the gameplay fairly significantly... Also, there are over 100 of them, so, if you want to 100% this game, you're gonna be putting in some time. It's a nice mix of Mega Man X with a rogue-lite. It's pretty much exactly what you'd want from that combo.Excellent game, 4/5."
76561198047183665,Recommended,322110,34571089,Posted: 29 August,all,Underdog,This game is basically Megaman X mixed with Rogue Legacy. I highly reccomend it. A true gem hidden in the garbage pile known as early access.
76561197999441198,Recommended,322110,34444534,Posted: 23 August,all,Raneru,"Fun rogue-lite platformer. A bit like Rogue Legacy, but the setting is like in the Mega Man games."
,Recommended,322110,34444364,Posted: 23 August,all,kangarat murder society,"Excellent fast-paced, procedurally-generated action platformer.A must for any fan of Megaman or 'Rogue-lites'."
76561198022596634,Recommended,322110,34452887,Posted: 23 August,all,Rexinius,"20XX is an absolutely fabulous take off of the classic Megaman X series but done with a newer approach, and in my opinion, a little more finesse.  The stages have a nice feel to them everytime, as they are generated slightly different each time you grace them.  Enemies become for plentiful over the course of finishing stages, and take more damage, which is awesome, because your becoming more powerful as well.  There's a lot of neat weapon augments to play around with, and various playmodes that are very fun and challenging.   As far as health & lives go, it's very un-forgiving, which gives it a nice edge & makes you work your♥♥♥♥♥off to get as far as you can or go as fast as you can.5/5  Great Title !"
76561198083601581,Recommended,322110,22693590,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Rot Bear,"Nice job fixing about everything I complained about in my previous reviews. For anyone reading that, and wondering what I am talking about it means the developers took the time to respond to everything I was saying. Huge swell of respect for battery staple games for caring about the game they are making, and the community of players who play it.In the games current state I have only two fairly minor gripes. Firstly I'd love to be able to remap dash to the right trigger, and second is the few parts in the game where it's difficult to see if where you are jumping to is a platform or not. Neither are game breaking. At best the downsides to this game are minor nuisances.Do you remember the hype for Mighty #9? This game is worthy of that level of hype, and exposure now.*Edit - Two days laterI found how to remap the dash button to the right trigger from the right shoulder button.I nominate this game for the following three awards1.     The ""OW, my fingers"" award for making my right thumb hurt like the 8, and 16 bit era.2.     The ""I hope my controller survives this"" award for requiring so much intense input.3.     The ""Screaming at my screen"" award for being as frustrating as it is rewarding, and fun."
,Recommended,322110,34453468,Posted: 23 August,all,freeRebs,"This is a damned good game. I bought this in early access, and I don't regret it at all.It plays like Mega Man X, it feels like something made with love, and I can't say enough good things about it.If you don't mind some roguelike level creation stuff, and you have the cash spare, pick this up if you like 2d platformers.It's certainly a better spend than Mighty No. 6/10! :V"
,Recommended,322110,34461669,Posted: 24 August,all,mopen235,"If you miss Megaman X, go for this one you won't regret."
76561198035596450,Recommended,322110,34479213,Posted: 25 August,all,benjamin.popp,"Got stuck on the loading screen. 20 minutes later, still waiting to play my game. Checked with task manager and it was using 0% CPU, so I don't even know what it's trying to do.My Windows 7 machine runs StarCraft 2 just fine, a bit sad that this game won't even start for me. Was really looking forward to playing it.Update: restarting my machine seemed to fix it. Game plays fine now, but still takes a bit of time to load. Played through the tutorial with no problem, looking forward to playing through the rest."
,Recommended,322110,24175909,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Courageous Cabbage,"Update: Now that the game has been officially released, it's time to update my review.TL;DR This game is good, but a little of an acquired taste. Get it. The hours you'll get from this way outweighs the cost.Let's get the obvious out of the way. This is a much better Megaman X game than Mighty No. 9. I got into 20XX after MN9. While MN9 is not that bad, it's a very infuriating game, mostly because of the dash-kill mechanic and because of the extremely cheap level design. I didn't like the graphical style at first and ended up almost returning the game. But once I got used to the graphics and understood the systems, it became very fun.GameplayWhile 20XX plays very similarly and has its roots in the original series, it is by no means a Megaman X game clone. It takes parts of the formula it likes and assimilates it. The rest, it blends up and either throws out the window, or is presented to you in another form.In terms of combat, 20XX has a large diversity of weapons. You have the traditional abilities that you can absorb from the bosses (or you can forsake the abilities and choose to either gain 10 nuts, the currency in the game, or for a random upgrade), and a bunch of different weapons for both characters. That's right: Zero isn't the only one getting new weapons like in X8. X also has a bunch of weapons for you to find.Movement feels the same as MMX. You have double jumps, hovers, air-dashes, wall-clings, wall-jumps and sticky ceilings. Players familiar with the MMX series will be right at home here.Level design feels more challenging than cheap in most situations. There will be many enemies, and many crevices and traps to fall into. Hell, on high enough levels, you'll feel like 20XX also has some element of bullet hell built into it. In that situation, the game can be a little cheap, but at that point, you're likely to have enough health to be able to take some cheapness. In fact, your armor pieces themselves are also very cheap, so it kind of evens out a little. What is striking is that all instant-death situations in MMX instead take life from you. In that sense, 20XX is more accessible.If that sounds too easy for you, the game has many different ""skulls"" that you can enable to make it more difficult. No upgrades? Enemies do way more damage? Enemies last longer? You never run out of stages to run through? Sadists who find the fixed difficulty of MMX too easy will be delighted at the skulls system.Replayability20XX follows the MMX formula very closely, but mixes things up by introducing a roguelike element to the game, making it very replayable.Levels are procedurally generated through sets, and a level editor is currently in the works to allow players to create their own level sets for use in the game.You will come across many different pickups in the game, and what was done away in terms of exploration (which rewarded you with armor pieces, tanks and hearts in the original series) was replaced with a multitude of mechanics: Glory Zones in every level past the first level which reward you with 1 of 4 armor pieces (collect all 4 of this to feel like you're cheating), and a simple upgrade system which lets you increase different aspects of your character through upgrades called Augs: attack damage, power damage, speed, jump, maximum health, maximum energy, armor, and a bunch of other cool things like sucking in pickups when you charge your attacks,On very rare occasions, you also come across a Prototype, which gives you a massive boost on one end, and a massive debuff on the other end. For example, you can find one that lets you do massively increased damage, but take double damage.Prototypes are the embodiment of decision-making, which is something you will find abundant in the game. Do you pick up the power? Do you need nuts (the game's currency)? Is this Prototype going to be good for my current setup? Do I want to gamble and hope I get a System Restore (another Prototype that removes all debuffs but lets you retain all buffs from whatever Prototypes you pick up)?There are many permutations of such decisions that you can make in a game, and they all work towards making the game insanely replayable.MusicMusic is presented to you in a chiptune fashion, so older gamers may really like the nostalgic element it lends the soundtrack.Music is very upbeat and has a similar uplifting style to the soundtrack in the original series which will make the most cautious players want to rambo their way through the entire level (and die in the process).My personal gold standard for the soundtrack in the original series would be in MMX3, specifically Blizzard Buffalo's stage. Careful use of droning synthesizers conveyed a feel of, and I paraphrase a quote from a random Youtube comment (because everyone on the Internet is a music expert), ""The sadness as Blizzard Buffalo's city ended up being frozen.""You don't get that here, because, frankly, who has the time for introspection? What you get is awesome, catchy and epic-sounding soundtracks. It is a little repetitive though, especially given the replayability of the game, but nothing is stopping you from putting on some of your music, or even some of the themes from MMX. I suspect the developers knew this even before players got their hands on the game, but the alternatives would be to have either no music (which is ridiculous), have such a large soundtrack that players don't get bored, or to have music be generated on-the-fly. The latter solutions are too costly, given that the game is still so young.Summary20XX is good, great fun. If you're a fan of the MMX series, you won't regret picking this up. Many changes have been made to the game since its inception. The most striking for me is that Glory Zones which could be impossible for a certain setup (such as encountering one where you had to use only powers; this made it imperative you always picked up the first power you came across to prevent this from happening) to complete in the past have been removed. This is a game made by gamers, for gamers.I give the game nine wrong armor pieces dropping from a Glory Zone out of ten."
76561198082909663,Recommended,322110,34224213,Posted: 13 August,all,Dont let me alone with my mind,I really want to see this game live. Im a real fan of Megaman X and this is the most similar I have played.Im waiting to release and play it all for once.
76561198064241528,Recommended,322110,34509665,Posted: 26 August,all,DIO's Mean Bean Stand,I love this game! It's megaman x mixed with The Binding of Issac. I can't stop playing it.
76561198112727329,Recommended,322110,34510244,Posted: 26 August,all,killshot78,"Although I like this game and can recommed it, the game has issues. First, there is only three levels. Second, sometimes the RNG forces you into a bad map positon that you can't avoid a hit. Third, the boss weapons are underwhelming with most of them being weak and not useful."
,Recommended,322110,34299205,Posted: 16 August,all,Pwnznewbz,Got to the last boss' 3rd phase.  I can't manage disappearing and re-appearing boxes.  I go from full health to 1 health being hit by wall blasters as I continuously fail at jumping to boxes.  Do I get to the boss and beat the game?  No.  Game over.  Am I happy about this?  Not one single bit.  Will I replay over and over until I beat the game and beyond?  Yes.
76561198144616037,Recommended,322110,34298968,Posted: 16 August,all,CaptainAfrican,Oh you like Mega Man? Bet that Means you LOVE this game man just pick it up. I have 17 damn hours in this damn game and that was during early access. This is the first game I've witnessed come out of early access and I'm proud af. Pick it up well worth your time.
,Recommended,322110,34280724,Posted: 16 August,all,Docjekyll,"I bought this game during early access nearly 3 years ago. It was worth the money then, and it has improved so much since then.20XX is an action-platformer in a similar style to the Mega Man X games for SNES. The twist is that the levels, powerups, bosses, etc are procedurally generated, providing greater replayability. There are also several features designed to improve replayability, such as online multiplayer, metagame progression (unlocks, etc), seeded challenges, multiple characters (basically, ranged or melee).The procedural generation serves to keep things interesting, but it is not purely random. Difficult optional paths often hold stronger powerups. Stages get longer and bosses change their behavior based on the order in which you fight them. This means that on one run you may encounter the penguin boss first and defeat him easily, but on the next run he may be the 5th boss and prove quite challenging. Currency and shops also help give you control over the randomness. You can collect ""nuts"" and spend them on extra health, energy for weapons, or save up for new powerups/weapons.After playing for a while, you will start to notice the recurring rooms used in the proc-gen, but most of them have multiple ways to traverse them. In some worlds, the levels are pretty clearly a series of rooms stitched together in random order while other worlds do a better job of creating a level that feels like it was created by hand. However, all the stages still have hidden paths to uncover. The challenge becomes how to adapt your playstyle to the powerups/weapons/enemy patterns you are given in order to complete a run as efficiently as possible.Noteworthy features:Online co-op playSeeded challengesMetagame progression (powerup unlocks)Lots of melee/ranged weapons supporting a variety of playstylesGreat, energetic soundtrack"
,Recommended,322110,34281684,Posted: 16 August,all,Battleaxe,"One of the few games I've ever seen on Steam that has come out of early access after multiple years, with consistent developer updates based on feedback from the community. The game itself has seen steady improvements and is definitely in a spot worthy or release, especially considering some of the other titles I've seen leave early access much too early.Gameplay has a very nostaligic megaman feel, with some of its own original flare. I hate comparing it to megaman as it truly feels like its own game, but the comparisons are there. What differentiates this game is the rogue like element and how upgrades are handled, using a number of different methods to obtain upgrades (shops, chest in levels, glory zones, post level chests). There is a ton of replayability here between different game modes, not mention there are two playable charaters, as well as multiplayer.While I haven't played much multiplayer to review it accurately, multiplayer improvements should receive love in future updates, and may end up being a larger focus now that the game is out of early access. As it stands now multiplayer seems serviceable, which is what I'd expect for release.When all is said an done, it really comes down to price for a lot of people. Is the price you're paying worth what you'll get out of the game?-If you are a megaman fan and enjoy this style of gameplay, this is a definite buy-If you're looking for a game you can hop in and out of with quick sessions, or enjoy rogue likes, this is worth a buy-If you're anyone else, buy this game when it's on sale, for any sale price, because this is worth the money"
,Recommended,322110,34279642,Posted: 16 August,all,Crash Man (G.E.W.P),"I cannot begin to describe my utter love of this game, the music the controls the visuals, all of it is so good that if capcom came out and said they maid this I still wouldn't believe that they could make such as masterpiece! Bottom line is buy this game, you will not regret it!"
76561198035820408,Recommended,322110,19887169,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RM60,"Working on an Update:So far, from what I have seen, it has really come a long way. so far, especially at $14, its worth the buy"
76561198060070835,Recommended,322110,34279452,Posted: 16 August,all,Mother_Aeris,"With 1.0 FINALLY released, now would be a good time to highly praise this amazing title! 20XX delivers on bringing fans of the Mega Man X series a true spiritual successor, adding in roguelike elements to ensure that no two runs will ever be the same, complete with multiple armors, loads of cool enemies and bosses, with tons and TONS of awesome power-ups to keep coming back to try and unlock/find.Story~: 20XX follows the adventure of Nana and Ace, the respective proxies of X and Zero, being hired by a pair of familiar looking scientists to wipe out eight rogue... Robot Masters? Mavericks? They never say what affiliation the bosses belong to, just that they're tearing the city apart, and you need to stop them.Graphics~: Inspired by the days of classic gaming, 20XX harbors a rich 16-bit color palette, with plenty of lens flares and glowing, ambiant attacks by all characters, protagonist and antagonists alike.Music~: The music is very catchy, although due to bosses sharing stage themes (equating to four main themes between the eight of them), you will have to listen to a couple themes a few times... more so when you inevitably die and do a new run. A good thing they're catchy and enjoyable to listen to, then!Gameplay~: The bread and butter of the package. 20XX, being a spiritual successor to Mega Man X, has you running, jumping, and shooting/slashing at everything come your way, as to be aspected. However, with the roguelike elements in play, the layout of each stage changes between every run, ensuring that one simply cannot memorize a stage and its hazards, forcing players to build upon their reaction times and learn the ins and outs of their enemies and the weapons available to them. Nuts are the main currency within the game to allow you to purchase various augments (AUGS) or armor pieces to enhance your character and your odds of surviving the run. Every stage ends with a boss fight, and beating him rewards you with a large chest, which you can shatter to get some pick-up goodies.Once a boss is slain, you then get the choice of taking their weapon, taking a large stack of nuts, or a random AUG. You may only hold onto three boss weapons at a time, but each is assigned their own button, and boss weapons can be replaced with new ones. Unlike traditional Mega man titles, your first stage is randomly selected at the start of the run, and completing each stage grants you the choice between three of the remaining seven boss stages, randomly determined before you get to the end. Holding true to Mega Man tradition, the bosses do have a weapon weakness order, although whether you are lucky enough to have the run allow you to make use of the weakness order is entirely up to luck. Due to the roguelike nature of the game, later stages get progressively more difficult the further you get, forcing you to improve your reaction times, and expects you to have some pieces of armor.Armor upgrades come in four types: Helmet, Body, Arms, and Legs. In addition, there are four different complete sets; while you are free to mix and match what pieces you come across in your run, each armor set has a unique set bonus for completing the armor. The last thing worth mentioning in the core gameplay are the other two types of currency: Tokens, and Soul Chips. Tokens are used on the slot machine device that shows up randomly in the stages, usually in the hallway leading to the boss. Soul chips are acquired at the end of a stage and from random, uniquely glowing enemies. Unlike Nuts, Soul Chips cannot be spent during a run, and instead are saved for when the run is over (whether it was a success or not...), and are used in the main lobby to purchase new AUG's for future runs, new permanent passive AUS's that don't need to be collected, being able to start with a few AUGs, and buying Tokens to use in the run.There are a lot of things I have ommitted explinations on, such as the various difficulty modes, daily and weekly challenge runs, seeded runs, and multiplayer. However, the core material mentioned in Gameplay applies to all of it, and that's what really counts here. Without naming.... another, disappointing title, 20XX honors and maintains the spirit of the legendary blue bomber, and will keep you coming back for more and more... and more... and more... and more... Did I mention no two runs are ever the same?"
,Recommended,322110,34284283,Posted: 16 August,all,Stefan,this♥♥♥♥♥♥fun lol
,Recommended,322110,34284040,Posted: 16 August,all,Yung Neighborhood,"This is one of the few games I can truly say I don't regret buying during Early Access. Jump-n-shoot rogue-like with some quite outstanding art and music.Only downside for me is the game ramps up in difficulty after the first few bosses, but I guess the same can be said about Megaman. Absolutely a must-buy if you're a fan of Megaman and/or rogue-likes."
,Recommended,322110,24374464,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Undyne-Requiem-『OVER HEAVEN』,"UPDATED REVIEW:I was not aware, but the game developer alerted me that the game had reached the end of its Early Access, so I decided to try the game again, and see if anything in my review should change.The changes made since the last time I reviewed this game were very subtile, but there's a clear difference in how the game plays and controls from what it was to what it is.The hitboxes seem perfected, the enemies spawn were definitely fixed, and although this game was and still is clearly meant for co-op, it is fun to play single-player as well.It is now more of its own thing rather than a simple megaman copy, and the addition of optional permanent upgrades really gives you reasons to keep trying until you can finally beat all the levels.The bosses were clearly tweaked so that they'd have a more fair fire-pattern, and I am glad to say that this game is one of the few examples of how Early Access games should be developed, as there was clearly alot of attention given by the developer to the complaints people had, including to my own.i can now recommend this game 100% to any fan of 2D platformers, and is now one of my favorite platformers on steam, right next to Ghost 1.0.===================My review in 21 Jul, 2016:Well... I really really wanted to recommend this game, but I can't. There is not enough material here for a person to play alone, and honestly it feels like most reviews are made by people who despise Mighty nº9 over trying to make a fair review.I will start by saying this: The developers are very active in improving this game, but as it stands, the game has a lot of issues with its RNG.There are many enemies that spawn in ridiculous places, like just where you can land to the next platform over a huge gap, or making bosses having random 360 attacks with no previous warning. Megaman had this right: for as little time as you might have to dodge an attack, the attack pattern was something that you could learn, or atleast forsee what attack was going to be performed. In here, bosses just randomly use a 360 attack as you progress the levels and they become harder.Using [Totally Not Zero] feels awesome, but its pretty obvious that the game wasn't designed for you to walk around with a melee weapon when most enemies attack from huge distances, specially bosses. Fighting a high-leveled Hamster boss where, on death, spawns 2 tinier hamsters becomes a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for [Totally Not Zero]. The penguin's dash is very unpredictable, and this becomes a problem when you use [Totally Not Zero], not to mention the spikes that get shot at you in later levels if you face him or any other boss on the ice level.There are several more issues with the remaining bosses, but I won't even go into detail. It feels like with a bit of polish, it might work well, and add in a more extensive story would be really cool. Something that would really want to make you play the single player. As it stands, there's a huge skill difference between going through a level and fighting a boss (this is actually a problem that is also visible in the original Megaman X games).I think the longer it strives to improve, and the longer it tries to separate itself from Megaman the better. There are many things in this game that I look at that weren't in the original megaman and I really enjoy, such as most powerups and the random level design and how some bosses work, but then there are also plenty of problems that are inherit to the original Megaman games, that were straight out copied and pasted onto this game, where it just seems to not blend in very well.Again, I really want to recommend this game, and for all effects and purposes, it is superior to Mighty nº9, but I also feel like it should strive for more than ""I'm better than Mighty nº9"" which is honestly not a hard feat to accomplish."
76561198083410288,Recommended,322110,34283546,Posted: 16 August,all,Krinok,Seriously one of the best Megaman clones. It's just as responsive (if not more) than Megaman X. The music is top notch and the countless amounts of upgrades you find and purchase will definitely give you plenty to do. GET IT! YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!
76561197992960689,Recommended,322110,23794835,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ron,"Challenging and fun in most of the same ways that Megaman is, but with the randomness of a roguelike, so you can't just memorize levels and twitch your way through.It's not quite as much randomness as some other roguelikes, which isn't a bad thing, necessarily.Shiny graphics, with spot-on sound design. System of powerups is varied and fun, though some are so good that it's hard to play without them.There are leaderboards and daily challenges, but I don't participate in them, so I can't say much about them.Only real complaints are that some levels spawn with obstacles that are nearly impossible to pass without taking damage, and some are just impossible without the right powerups.Post-release Update:This game just gets better and better. The devs are very responsive and have fixed every major issue that has cropped up. I still wholeheartedly recommend this to fanst of Rogue-likes, Rogue-lites, and Megaman games. If you find yourself in the shaded areas of that Venn diagram, you will like this game."
,Recommended,322110,24747729,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,paxtheconfused,"Bought this ages ago, desperate for a Megaman-esque game, before i even heard of Mighty no. 9. It was good then, but not really what i wanted it to be... That being said, I've always come back to screw around for a few runs every couple of weeks. Every time i launch this game, there is something exciting and new, it's better every second for it, and I'm not even interested in mighty no. 9 at all, because of the monumental leaps and strides this game made. It was the diamond in the rough, a masterpiece in waiting. Everything i was looking for in a megaman game and so much more.edit:16/08/2017Congrats on a full release. This game is still epic as all hell. You totally blew me away."
76561197961107482,Recommended,322110,34296150,Posted: 16 August,all,Tegge,"I can really recommend this game to everyone that likes a great challange. 1.0 finally's out! Two new stages, a final boss and an escape level. Two characters, one melee and one with range. There's also co-op mode. The music is totally fanstastic on every single stage. The music also really hypes up the game even more. So many upgrades, different challenge modes, daily quests and with the latest update, achievements. A few/several more different enemies and weapons wouldn't hurt. I love this game! Get it now!"
,Recommended,322110,34300811,Posted: 16 August,all,JohnicBoom,Amazing game in the spirit of Mega Man X. Really well done difficulty curve & procedurally generated levels. Interesting boss characters with great weapons to earn from them. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,322110,34301403,Posted: 17 August,all,Vash Ericks,"Its roguelike co-op megaman, what's not to like?"
76561198051969722,Recommended,322110,34299739,Posted: 16 August,all,redtwinng,Premmo quality platforming and combat/upgrade system. This title pays true homage to it's predecessors.
,Recommended,322110,34303352,Posted: 17 August,all,Echos Firebrand,"i never wrote a review for this game originally, though i've had it for quite a long time. i've played it quite a bit, considering i've beaten it at least a dozen times, marked the leaderboard, that sort of thing. i'm happy to see this game has come to full launch. it's a great game for its price, and definitely worth the 15 dollar price value. a megaman game with its own twist, in a roguelike setting. one life, unless you don't like that, then theres casual with three lives."
76561198028272274,Recommended,322110,34306634,Posted: 17 August,all,eztarget,"This game has some of the best replayability i've ever experienced. If you're looking for a solid fun coop game that you'll always come back to, this is it."
76561197997752804,Recommended,322110,34307300,Posted: 17 August,all,Lysianthia,"For anyone that wants a good old fashioned Megaman X game, this is the one that does it right. Bosses are fun, and Randomly generated levels keep the game entertaining. Lots of power-ups to make each run through completely different. I really can't find anything wrong with this game."
76561198028552489,Recommended,322110,34298327,Posted: 16 August,all,deadxero,"I never review anything, so the fact that I'm taking the time to do this says more than a wall of text would.I'm just getting into it, but this game is amazing. If you've ever played, and enjoyed, a megaman game you should give this game  try. The game play, art style, and music are spot on. Just try it already."
,Recommended,322110,31639373,Posted: 8 May,all,Fajita_Taylor,"This game is so excellent. If you like either Mega Man X or roguelites I would easily recommend it, but if you happen to like both of them then it's a no-brainer, it will probably become your favorite game.Learning all the ins and outs of the different level pieces and enemy patterns is super satisfying. As you die run after run and make progress little by little you feel like you're really pushing forward and getting better at the game. And all along the way you unlock more upgrades and learn where more secrets are, until you eventually go into every run feeling like you can take anything the game can throw at you (particularly if you use the new permanent upgrades system).The best thing about 20XX is that you can customize the experience to your liking. By default the game takes it easy on you in some of the areas where a proper Mega Man title wouldn't, such as falling into spikes or off ledges just dealing you damage instead of killing you outright, which is pretty necessary considering the permadeath aspect that isn't present in Mega Man. But if you don't want the game to go easy on you there? You can activate the corresponding ""skull"" in hardcore mode and you got it! There's a slew of these and they all can make the game more interesting and difficult.But what if you're bad at video games like me and you need the game to coddle you a bit more than that? There's Reverent mode, in which you get three lives and start with three upgrades, and normal mode. Both of these modes have a permanent upgrades system where you can purchase stuff that you'll start every run with. Of course if that's too much then you can turn it off and on at will in between runs. The attention to customization is really so good.The developer has been updating every second wednesday without fail for three years, and intends to continue to make the game better. He takes as much time as possible to talk with players on reddit, the steam community, and the mailing group and really sincerely cares about this game and its community,Buy this game. It's worth it and it deserves your time if you're even remotely into this sort of thing."
,Recommended,322110,34299948,Posted: 16 August,all,Geno9999 [GitP],"Mega Man X/Zero, but like, Rouge-like.Also the Datalores are hilarious."
,Recommended,322110,34299403,Posted: 16 August,all,xiepher,"Just completed game and they did a great job.  If you're looking for something that plays like Megaman X series, this is as close as it can get.  Really loved the final stages that got added.   Graphics are nice, music I like as well, and the controls are excellent.   I've not tried co-op, but I'm sure it's just as good."
,Recommended,322110,26040936,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Nismu,"Even when it still  was early access it  offered hours of fun.  Great game for those who loved megaman or want to know what they are about.And now that it is fully out i ahvent' canged my mind.great controls, interesting upgrades and weapons to find,Level generation isn't all that random but again each piece on each skill level has been designed well to work and there are enough different pieces and with randomized loot ach run is different enough. Also these pieces are well designed so 20XX doesn't suffer from boring maps like many other roguelite/-like,Specially the final levels on run can feel challenging without right items but  it isn't unfair kind of and i have always felt it was my own mistake when i end up dying.  and challenge only makes the victore sweeter! The new final levels really put you to use  what you picked up to get through.Though for more casual players there are plenty of helps available like permanent starting gear upgrades (can be toggled off) and easy mode with couple lives so run isn't isntantly over on death."
,Recommended,322110,25832243,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,MrPillow,"i just came back to this game after not playing for like half a yearits hella updated and incredibly good. very polished roguelite thats shamelessly a megaman x clone. the whole game feels like a very good loveletter towards the megaman series. plus online co o. highly highly highly recommend. playing this game depresses me to an extent because i remember now just how much i loved megaman x 1-6. like this game is freaking awesome, it feels like it feels the void of new mmx gameplay that ive wanted for years and years. i would spend $30 on thisedit: again came back to game, left early access even MORE content added fore free. this game is legit sick just buy it"
,Recommended,322110,33623234,Posted: 17 July,all,Sprocket,"This game is a love letter to the fast-paced action that is Mega Man X. It mixes up the formula by randomly and procedurally generating its levels, power ups, enemies, and mixing it up with perma-death. A typical run should take under an hour, and will have you on the edge of your seat every time. You WILL come back for more."
76561198145535857,Recommended,322110,34320026,Posted: 17 August,all,CreeperKirby9000,"This is basically Megaman X cross Binding of Isaac. It's really fun and if you are both skilled and have some good equipment you can either go through or bypass big chunks f the levels near the end. I was able to be in the early access so I was able to beat the last 2 levels without have to buy alot of items in the shop. If you were disapointed in Mighty no.9, this is something that hopefully will remove that diapointment. So I would recomend this to fans of platformers, Megaman, or Binding of Isaac. I hop this game doesn't disapoint you."
,Recommended,322110,34321169,Posted: 17 August,all,Rocinante (darkcell),"I've played for a couple hours now.  The controls are tight, music is great, and the bosses are varied.  Replayability seems good, and the devs seemed to think of everything (turn off upgrades with one click, hardcore mode, ladders, daily challenges, keepign the hub condensed so you don't have to walk all over the place to change/purches upgrades).  I look forward to putting many more hours into this game.  If you want a well crafted, 2D megaman rougelike then it probably doesn't get better than this."
,Recommended,322110,34337413,Posted: 18 August,all,PBnJake,"As someone who's never really been any good at platformer games this one is AMAZING! The music is epic, the best kind of Chiptunes. great effects very smooth game play, cool enemies. multiple button options for powerups. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
76561198024270997,Recommended,322110,34336447,Posted: 18 August,all,loupfu,"Vintage !Usually, I'm not especially attracted to the platform games. I have always enjoyed playing from time to time, but nothing more.Well, that one gives me taste for the genre !Addictive and well done in every aspect !Rogue-like with persistent, it pushes us to improve and progress as we go along !So, if you are a casual like me, or an expert in search of more tougher challenges, 20XX will surely satisfy you !..."
76561198040444895,Recommended,322110,34336083,Posted: 18 August,all,Cesar Cavatelli,"Right off the bat, this is a great game.It's a great spin on Megaman-style action platformers by introducing rogue-like elements.Gameplay:I love the amount of optional risk-and-reward type augments that players are given in each run.I also think the crushing difficulty of the final area of the game is fair, it's meant to serve as an early run ender that players work towards both with skill and unlocks. This balance of skill and unlocks already puts it way over so many other current rogue-likes that feel too reliant on random chance to get a good run rather than skill.I really dig the ability to turn off unlocks in each run to give a fun purist difficulty mode.The weekly challenges, boss rush, and other modes are another really impressive addition.I haven't tried the multiplayer yet, but that's just another bonus mode on top of this already solid game.Art:I might be a bit biased on the art considering that I spent a lot of time on Newgrounds and Flashportal growing up, so if you can relate to that you'll probably also dig the style here.Music:The soundtrack is a small list of tracks, but none of them have gotten annoying to me after 4 runs. It's a good megaman-fan soundtrack.To conclude, I think this game is not only a really great megaman callback, but also a solid action-platformer in it's own right."
76561198027222614,Recommended,322110,34341151,Posted: 18 August,all,Highwind-ZX,"This is such a good MMX clone sometimes i forgot its NOT MMX.  The controls are soooooo tight, nothing feels cheap (MN9 im looking at you) and the rouge like element actually works really well ... Im really glad i grabbed this and If you liked MMX through the PS era MM titles give it it shot you won't be disappointed"
,Recommended,322110,34381749,Posted: 20 August,all,S0ulmoose,"It's Megaman X meets Roguelike. Tight controls, dashing, and just fully released! Fairly difficult too, sometimes a little too hard, but that's a side effect of random level layouts. If you like games like Spelunky and the aforementioned Megaman X this will be right up your alley."
,Recommended,322110,34379845,Posted: 20 August,all,Bloodbeard,"Good stuff! Playable with keyboard. Classic megaman difficulty, lots of unlockables.Roguelite + MegamanTwo chars (basically megaman and zero.) but LOTS of powers to find and use.I never played Megaman as a kid, but this game is so addictive."
76561198127605915,Recommended,322110,34379319,Posted: 20 August,all,Xovszky,"It was good in early access, its awesome now.10/10 Platformer"
,Recommended,322110,34376429,Posted: 20 August,all,bandoleir,Best Megaman game since X!!
,Recommended,322110,34377735,Posted: 20 August,all,Radikal℠,"Solid Gameplay, has awesome feature like map generator (yep the map layout will keep changing) and challenge run.We love the Coop system as well (borderless gameplay making Coop run not frustrating).The difficulty on general is pretty much spot on and can be forgivable at some point, which also really nice.Sadly, the game still borowing or pretty much copying lots of element from Megaman & Rockman series. Dear dev, at this point i believe you guys are capable of creating something original and bring golden age to roguelike platforming game once again. Stop living under a else shadow and grab the light for you and your brother & sister. you can do this :D"
76561197970476480,Recommended,322110,34374886,Posted: 20 August,all,Serious,"This is the Mega Man X sequel of my dreams.  Controls are EXTREMELY tight, upgrade items are fun and really change up the way each play through handles.  There is a ton of challenge in this game and even more than that: replayability.  I'll be playing this title over and over.  6 hours logged my first day, here's to another 600!"
,Recommended,322110,34376979,Posted: 20 August,all,MadSephiroth,"Even though I've never played Megaman X, I still fell right in to this game. In fact, I probably wouldn't have even gotten this game if I wasn't a fan of Smash Bros., where 20XX is a term. According to my steam stats, it took me about 12 hours to beat the game. My winning run lasted almost an hour itself. I've beaten the game, but there's so much extra content, I don't feel even slightly satiated with just the standard runs. I need to get better, unlock all of the upgrades, get all of the achievements, and so on. But, if your reading this, just know that there is loads of content in this game, mixed with tight platforming, a killer soundtrack, and hours upon hours of replayability, and I highly recommend it."
76561198273060816,Recommended,322110,34387594,Posted: 20 August,all,Rad Bran,"For the amount it's worth, I'd say that it is worth the money!"
76561198055024539,Recommended,322110,34402502,Posted: 21 August,all,SquidBreath,"This game is quite the bundle of fun. It looks pretty, the music is enjoyable, satisfying controls and challenging gameplay.At a glance this game appears to be a mega man tribute, however  it is much more than that; It's a tribute to its own genre. This game is made by fans for fans."
76561198086504590,Recommended,322110,34351006,Posted: 19 August,all,Snow,"I bought this game due to it bringing me nostalgia from the old Megaman X series.  I am glad to say that this game does not disappoint.  Randomly generated and increasingly difficult as you go through stages.  Once you die, you start over.  See yourself improve the longer you play!"
76561197981904627,Recommended,322110,34342551,Posted: 18 August,all,Tagifras,"Randomly generated Mega Man. Its a Mega Man clone so good its even better than Mega Man.The jumps are tight and polished and the game is satisfyingly difficult, A complete play through lasts roughly 45min, which is perfect imo. There is a large variety of map sections and it is seriously the best procedurally generated game I've played. This game has been seriously been amazing since day 1. The early access process was handled beautifully. Every update the game got better and better and the full release does not disappoint."
,Recommended,322110,34347418,Posted: 19 August,all,Jaykstah,"This is an awesome rogue-like platformer that is both challenging and rewarding. It has some mega-man aesthetic with an art style akin to Brawlhalla. Platforming and movement controllers are tight, bosses get tough, and co-op adds another layer of chaos to a run. This game offers great incentive to come back and play more by offering permanent upgrades that are purchased using the harder to come by in-game currency (the longer you play the better permanent upgrades you can get) as well as allowing players to spend previously acquired currency on items to start the next run with. Since it allows you to start back at level 1 but maintain some upgrades that had been worked towards in previous runs as well as unlocking new items that will drop in the next run, the permadeath mechanic isn't so punishing that it would turn players away but adds the risk and difficulty that comes with a roguelike. Overall it is a great balance of generosity and challenge and offers smooth gameplay that works amazingly well at higher levels once the pace and difficulty begins to ramp up exponentially.There are also various timed challenges you can complete daily, weekly, or at other intervals for more rewards and overall is a great package that allows for some of the most engaging roguelike platforming out there."
,Recommended,322110,34361197,Posted: 19 August,all,KHROME246,"This is indeed is a game that you'd turn to for a Mega Man X fix, down to the BGM, other than Mega Man X of course. I bought the OST bundle even though I had no idea what the BGM was like. I wasn't disappointed, neither my 17 month old daughter who rocks out to 20XX, Firestorm, Permission Denied (which should have an extended version btw). What I do not like about this are the borrowed items from across games and I would have preferred the company to stick to original ideas."
,Recommended,322110,34361002,Posted: 19 August,all,stingchameleon_x,"I really enjoyed this game. Personally enjoyed it more with a controller than keyboard. Still, the game is fast paced and varied and no two plays are ever the same. Really great stuff."
76561197962401882,Recommended,322110,34517993,Posted: 26 August,all,Maxwell,"Love the game a lot. Great price/quality ratio!I have only praises. Tight controls, online/local co-op, AWESOME music. If you are a fan of chip-like music, grab the OST. Cityfire nailed it on 20XX. For replayability's sake, play with friends. Make it much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,322110,34537185,Posted: 27 August,all,GnomishKiwi,"I suck at this game really bad, but it's a lot of fun.You like Mega Man? Good, buy this game. You don't? Well, maybe try it again. Great use of random-ish level generation--I haven't gotten very far, so it's getting more obvious when level elements are reused--and I'm glad both guns and swords are available. Looking forward to getting a little better at platform jumping...What are you waiting for? Just go play it."
76561197962143939,Recommended,322110,34336334,Posted: 18 August,all,Nanami,"Challenging, random with tight controls. I'm too much of a scrub to beat level 9 at present but i'm having a blast trying! The music is amazing, and I love how the game feels - although it will get easier over time, it's fun failing at present. Highly reccommended.Edit - I can now reliably beat the game on normal mode - whee! Still fun as heck and i'm loving the mucic more and more!"
76561198151244356,Recommended,322110,34465869,Posted: 24 August,all,TheDarkRougueofVengeance,"A true spiritual successor that was made with effort, heart and soul. This game developers understand what made Megaman great. Keiji Inafune did not. If you want a fun game instead of trash (Mighty No 9) and want to have fun buy this game."
76561198015092692,Recommended,322110,34474249,Posted: 24 August,all,Reiko,"If you like Mega Man and Rouge-Likes, this is absolutely the game for you. It can be a little repetitive, but no more so than other games like it. And for $14.99, its a pretty good deal."
,Recommended,322110,34470773,Posted: 24 August,all,Akronis,Amazing!  Feels exactly like Megaman X!
,Recommended,322110,34469803,Posted: 24 August,all,Starchaser,You haven't bought this yet?
,Recommended,322110,34469896,Posted: 24 August,all,Slikone12,"Only played a bit so far, but this is so much fun. weekly and daily challenges, unlocks, and just tons and tons of fun. loads of different bosses to learn and beat. i'll be playing loads more of this."
,Recommended,322110,34436161,Posted: 23 August,all,Fenix,"Been playing this for ages while in early access. This was one of the only early access games I had cofidence in as the developers were very on-point with their updates.This is a fantastic Mega Man Rogue-like(lite) that Mega Man X fans shouldn't ignore.I give it a8.5/10Capcom should take notes.Ultra Wide Support has been added the same day I inquired about it.That was quick.(Ultra Wide resolutions are available for the main game. Leader board challenges have black bars on the sides to keep it at a 16:9 ratio for the sake of fairness I'm guessing.)I have heard from a developer that they are looking into fully supporting Ultra Wide resolutions and, at the moment, its more of a technical issue than a fairness issue. I will update my review if/when its finally supported."
,Recommended,322110,29875945,Posted: 12 February,all,Mogul,"""The year is 20XX. Everyone plays Fox at TAS levels of perfection. Because of this, the winner of a match depends solely on port priority. The RPS metagame has evolved to ridiculous levels due to it being the only remaining factor to decide matches.""Forced dead meme aside, I'm happy to say as someone who doesn't play Megaman much that this game is really great. And I don't say that quite often for Early Access titles. This rouge game is basically what Mighty No.9 tried to be and failed."
76561198040811636,Recommended,322110,34562081,Posted: 28 August,all,Zenoform,This game is great for those who love Mega Man games. Co-op is the gem  and if you like to play co-op games this is one to pick up.
,Recommended,322110,21074474,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DayBroNa,"59 minutes. 59 minutes of blood, sweat, and tears. The perfect run. Perfect drops, perfect jumps, perfect shots. The ultimate co-op run. And then disaster struck.My partner disconnected.Anger almost set in, if it wasn't for some quick thinking and a check of the patch notes.""0.983b Patch Notes - July 19, 2017: Netplay Reconnect!""Instant respawn. All items intact. The maniacal laughter. The run was never meant to be over, merely delayed. You cannot stop greatness.God I LOVE this game."
,Recommended,322110,34565101,Posted: 28 August,all,Amber,"4 hours in, haven't even broken level 4. Some of the most enjoyment i've had for a while, from a seemingly innocuous game. Could probably use a bit more variety, but for the price I can't complain too much. The difficulty settings having gotten my friend who is bad at games to play are great if you're not-so-great at games but still want to enjoy the experience - Easy seems to be a good experience that isn't so easy it's insulting.Highly recommend to any fan of Megaman X, at any skill level. You will at the very least get your money's worth.An edit after a bit more playtime: the game is far more varied than I originally thought. If you feel like you're bashing your head againt the wall too much and everything gets samey, don't worry - the levels do get more varied as you get further."
76561198272322159,Recommended,322110,34416407,Posted: 22 August,all,Caoscore44,Best game ever great gameplay and a very big Challenge nice graphics and good musicP.S : Best game ever :3
,Recommended,322110,34415590,Posted: 22 August,all,Matodactyl,"very fun game, but like all roguelikes sometimes just annoying."
76561198158703180,Recommended,322110,34136804,Posted: 9 August,all,battleheed,Super Rad
,Recommended,322110,34614492,Posted: 30 August,all,H0lt /DRev/,THis is the best megaman type game made in the last 5 years
76561197999107242,Recommended,322110,34624809,Posted: 30 August,all,Shuruka,"Got this game in early access. Plays great, pretty graphics, lots of fun items. Extremely happy with it so far. Certain parts can be a little difficult but its part of the enjoyment for me.10/10."
76561198050616539,Recommended,322110,23486635,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dyspeptic,"EDIT: time for a complete re-review.This is one of my favorite platformers ever. Tight controls and (mostly) fair enemies make it challenging but rewarding every time--although scaling is still messed up for some levels so order still matters. HINT: Don't try to do the ""agnisort"" levels too late (as stages 6-8) or there will be so many hazards that you can't get through without special equipment.Netcode is still a little buggy, and there are still some bad placements for enemies but this is overall a great game. Highly recommended."
76561198025611182,Recommended,322110,34703978,Posted: 2 September,all,greatbigman,"This is a very good game --- a great value considering it is only $15.  If you enjoyed any of the Mega Man games, you will almost certainly love this title.  I have played for around 5.5 hours and still have plenty of desire to keep running through as the Mega Man-type character.  I haven't even played yet tried the second character yet (Zero-type).Pros:1.  It controls very well.  For example, the dash, wall jump, etc. all feel totally natural.  It does all the fundamental things a good platforming game like this should.2.  The weapons, upgrades, and enemies all vary nicely.3.  While it is challenging (I played on the normal difficulty, but there are easy and hard modes), it doesn't lean on annoying death traps to make the game feel longer than it really is; when you take damage or die, it feels like your own fault.4.  The difficulty curve is great as you progress through the game.5.  The rogue-like aspects are a lot of fun and give it a lot of replayability.  They don't feel tacked on and give you a lot of choice in how you build your attributes.  This adds a lot to the Mega Man-ish formula, more than I thought it would.6.  It has an interesting and attractive visual style.Cons:Really the only bad thing I can say about it is a minor quibble. The controller button symbols displayed in-game are for what I assume is an Xbox controller.  I use a PS4 controller, which makes this a little annoying, although you get used to it.  But I do wish one could change the symbols to PS4 layout.  As I type this, I hope there is not already some setting to do this which I didn't see."
76561198259679169,Recommended,322110,34705466,Posted: 3 September,all,Alderious,"I personally really like this game and would suggest it to all other gamers. It is strongly based off the game Mega Man X which I played when I was younger. It still has a few bugs, but overall it is a great game."
76561197998624391,Recommended,322110,34687630,Posted: 2 September,all,t0adstyle,Want something to scratch that megaman itch?  Here you go.  Excellent game.
76561197999328378,Recommended,322110,34699967,Posted: 2 September,all,Jewel,"This game was amazing. Controls are so crisp, it's funny, but the humor doesn't drag on. The multiplayer is amazing. It can be difficult at times, but it never feels cheap when you die. Short and sweet all around. I love playing it with my boyfriend."
,Recommended,322110,34693836,Posted: 2 September,all,orckdorck,Pretend Mighty No. 9 doesn't exist and just play this instead.
,Recommended,322110,34694180,Posted: 2 September,all,Jasper,played though 1.00.4 version.. did not ger the steam acheivements for some reason
,Recommended,322110,34652736,Posted: 31 August,all,Dougie Jones,"If you are an addict of rogue-lites like myself, this one fits the bill nicely and you will not regret it at all.The only weakness is the soundtrack. Just pull up some mega man music or some other classic chiptunes and you're golden."
,Recommended,322110,34648440,Posted: 31 August,all,Killbot 2.0,"A game that draws inspiration from the Mega Man series while putting just enough of it's own spin that defines itself as a wholly new product.  If you're going to buy one game this year that carries on the spirit of Mega Man that isn't being made by Capcom make it this one.  Definitely make it this one.That being said also make sure to know what you're getting into.  The Rogue-lite elements are definitely a major part of the game mechanics, and it controls like a Mega Man game.  If you don't like both of those things, you won't probably won't enjoy this either."
,Recommended,322110,34675987,Posted: 1 September,all,yung crystal pepsi,"It manages to take everything I loved about Mega Man and Mega Man X as a kid and throw it all into a very addictive roguelike that has yet to get stale for me. Even the dash-jumping and wall-jumping feel just as responsive and intuitive as they did in the original X games. The only thing I'd knock this game for is the fact that the randomly-generated nature of the levels leaves them feeling a bit more lifeless than something like the average Mega Man level with a lot of specifically-designed gimmicks, but that's by design. I've never played Mighty No. 9, but I see people saying this is more of a Mega Man revival than that game was, and I can definitely see that. It's surprising that some fans can do Mega Man better than Inafune himself and with a fraction of the Kickstarter budget, but they deserve mad props for doing so."
76561198037000789,Recommended,322110,34625026,Posted: 30 August,all,Sweet Red Pepper,This game is addictive. Purchase at your own risk.
76561198042320776,Recommended,322110,34639717,Posted: 31 August,all,hauseman,Megaman X but better.
,Recommended,322110,34585837,Posted: 29 August,all,OmegaWarrior64,"This is the true Megaman X reimagining,buy it NOW! We need more games like this."
,Recommended,322110,34567723,Posted: 28 August,all,DoJax,"Megaman being one of my favorite series has given me an itch for some time I have yet to scratch, but 20XX has hit that mark and left me wanting more. At first I thought I was going to play this game and be disappointed after a little while, but before I knew it 4 hours had passed and I had not yet beaten it. Another 5 hours later I managed to finally beat the game, and I was ready to quit, but I realized I still had many other things in game to unlock to power me up more. I am 11 hours into this game and I have to admit it is far more addictive than what I thought it would be originally.Pros:Random level patterns smushed together for interesting layoutsEnemies slowly gain strength as you progressItems are random and MANY combinations work well together (I almost never collect powers, always grab me nuts for more items)Bosses and enemies are tiered pretty fairly and never seem to overpower youUse of a controller makes the game a cakewalk (though you should remap your keyboard and gamepad, the default button layout sucks horribly)Music is very reminiscent of the SNES Megaman games I missOnline play is pretty dope, though only using emojis to communicate is pretty annoying11 hours in and I am still sure there is a ton of stuff to unlockCons:Sometimes trap timing is nearly impossible to get through without a lot of speed or jumping/flying past everythingSome enemy attacks glitch through walls making it hard to dodge when you are corneredSometimes you wont find a health station for 3-4 levelsMost of the powers are useless, seriously, use the reflect shield or dragons power, the others are too crummy in comparisionAce has terrible attacks, yet everyone wants to use him onlineNo quick save for resuming laterSome platform glitching has killed me numerous times dropping through the base of themSummary:I don't normally leave reviews, but this is something I think anyone who likes to test their skill will enjoy, it's great for long or short play sessions. Now if you'll excuse me, I think I am going to put another 11 hours in this game."
76561198129565890,Recommended,322110,34965844,Posted: 15 September,all,LightUpTheNightTime,"If you like megaman games or roguelike games get this! It's great, I come back to it every few months and am always happy with the additional content!"
,Recommended,322110,35115808,Posted: 21 September,all,Saurok963,It's great
76561198048008259,Recommended,322110,35127566,Posted: 22 September,all,ahldruhnnia,"This game is Megaman X, with more stuff. You jump, dash, dodge, and shoot your way past death lasers, fireballs, flying icicles, vanishing platforms, various enemies and bullets, to kill bosses. Then you rip their arm-guns off their corpses, and use them to beat the next stage. The game's bright, it's got a wickedly upbeat chiptune sountrack, and it's plain good fun!The extra stuff you'll see:- Some boss weapons neutralise various environmental hazards, making platforming much easier as long as your special weapon energy lasts, so you need to decide whether to use energy to make the platforming easier, or conserve energy for enemies (especially bosses) or future, possibly nastier hazards.- Failing an obstacle 'only' causes some health damage (and a respawn nearby, in the case of falling off the stage) rather than being insta-death like the games this pays homage to. Casual-friendly!- Each playthrough features randomised levels from playthrough to playthrough.- You can buy upgrades during a playthrough, so there's a little stat-allocation / RPG-lite involved.- You unlock upgrades outside each playthrough depending how well you did in the last playthrough. The newly unlocked upgrades will show up in later playthroughs. As these get progressively stronger and have more interesting interactions, you'll progress further or faster in each playthrough as you unlock stuff, and the game experience varies more depending on what items appear during your playthrough.- In the 'hard' mode you can add skulls to make the game even more challenging, anywhere from a bit harder, to impossible. And yes, you can make it so spikes and falling off the stage kills you instantly. Just like it should be. I'll never turn this on, I'm a scrub =P.- There are daily and weekly challenges where your randomiser's 'seed' is set to a fixed value, so you play through the exact same layout as everyone else. There's leaderboards for those, if you're into that kind of thing.My first few playthroughs were short because I sucked. As I got better, playthroughs took longer until I finished the game. I think my first completed game on easy mode was about ninety minutes or so. Now, I'm better again (and have unlocked more stuff) so a playthrough takes an hour or less. I've also had a few satisfying playthroughs where I only had twenty or thirty minutes spare, so it doesn't take a huge time commitment.Why buy it?- This game is great for something light to jump into even for a half an hour.- This game scratches the platformer-shooter itch just right.- Each playthrough varies, so there's plenty to keep it fresh even though the core game is quite simple.- You can choose whether you want to play anywhere from casual-ish difficulty all the way past Nintendo Hard to suit your taste each playthrough.It's not perfect, of course. There isn't a huge amount of enemy variety, and if you get unlucky with the randomiser, your playthrough will be rather short. It's also a game that I find I cannot 'binge' on, typically doing one playthrough per session. Arguably that could be a plus?Oh, and one more thing: this game should be played with a controller.This game is excellent value for its price, and I'm looking forward to the prospect of future content updates or DLC."
76561198081551121,Recommended,322110,35018169,Posted: 17 September,all,Elackid,"The art style is mediocre...BUT MAN, THE GAMEPLAY IS OUTTA THIS WORLD.I've never played a Megaman X game. However, I felt like trying this game because I like roguelikes. I instantly got captivated after playing the first few minutes. I never knew platforming could be so well put together in a roguelike formula this well.Overall this is my favorite roguelike to date and I want other people to experoence the loads of fun I had playing this amazing gamw."
,Recommended,322110,35064133,Posted: 19 September,all,Game Genie by Galoob,"This is a good one. The aesthetics don't exactly nail Megaman X for me but the movement is pretty close and the roguelike elements bring a replayability that the X games lack. I also like the way they handle boss powers too, a little more accessible. I actually came to this because I had been listening to the Megaman X soundtracks and I can't say the soundtrack delivers for me in the same capacity but I've nearly put 24 hours into this by now so it was still very much worth it."
,Recommended,322110,35077043,Posted: 19 September,all,Xanderos,"20XX is a good MegaMan clone with a rogue-like touch. There isn't much as far as storyline, except for a humorous twist on the original MegaMan plot. It's a pretty standard affair; there are 8 robot bosses and 2 end-game bosses. Stage difficulty increases after each boss battle, and after each playthrough you're able to unlock additional power-ups. Random level design tries to keep each playthrough fresh and challenging. Unfortunately, the randomness feels less random as you become more familiar with the premade tile-sets that are used again and again. I think the devs need to (and likely will) continue working on creating more varied tile-sets, so the player doesn't see the same ones quite so often.Though I recommend this game, I would have given it a neutral rating, if I could. It's a fair attempt at recreating MegaMan, and I really appreciate the rogue-like elements, but overall I feel it could be completed too quickly, by hardcore gamers.I give 20XX a 3 out of 5."
,Recommended,322110,34920806,Posted: 13 September,all,DEXIMA,It's not like Mighty No. 9
,Recommended,322110,34939057,Posted: 13 September,all,InsanityMoose,"A roguelite megaman-style game with procedurally generated levels? Could that work?'Answer: It does. Controls are sharp and responsive, it plays much like a megaman-like game should, and the levels turns out to be pretty good. I have never found any that does not make sense or simply does not work.The bosses are also fairly good, but I have not played enoug yet to see them at later stages."
,Recommended,322110,34948521,Posted: 14 September,all,Mr Glass,"If you like playing Mega Man X over and over with slightly different changes, this game is for you.I only lasted a few hours before I got bored of doing the same thing over and over again.  Still, it is funt to play so I give it a thumbs up!"
76561198271894118,Recommended,322110,34359821,Posted: 19 August,all,desertvulpine01,This game is not easy it is quite difficult (but persistance will win out). The idea of new random levels is pretty much bogus. Its very fun. definately worth the money for hours of entetainment.i have beaten level 8 now (allthough the achvemenst for level 6 and 8 havent triggered) there is something quite annoying at the end that ruined my run
,Recommended,322110,35047854,Posted: 18 September,all,DMan689,"It took just a few seconds for me to fall in love with this game. Co-op Megaman X! Sign me up. I do hope for a bit of new content here and there, but a game leaving me wanting more is a good game."
76561198068398108,Recommended,322110,35082013,Posted: 20 September,all,Lixes,"--BYB I would be happy to pay full price as you will get many hours of fun.--If you have a limted rig and want something with a good challange and fun combo (Having never played or played megaman).--NOTE: YOU MUST OWN A CONTROLLER OR BE SUBJECT TO FRUSTRATION.--On a side note this is great gift for anyone one with a controler and okay PC whom is a gamer and enjoys platforming. From time to time the level gen can be difficult, but is by far the best I have ever seen used to date (execpt for maybe dont starve which is a very different game)"
76561198256342456,Recommended,322110,23871743,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,theJAMSman,"I deleted my early access review to give my final thoughts now that the game is out of early access, and I am thrilled to see how far this game has come in terms of development. It is the same as megaman x, but revised to be more of a rouge-like. I can't believe how much better the game has become, and look forward to any future projects that batterystaple games will produce."
,Recommended,322110,35211679,Posted: 25 September,all,Gemini Man,"This game is the Mega Man X you remember through rose tinted nostalgia glasses. It takes the classic formula, adds a modern twist, a lot of loving polish, and delivers an experience that rivals your fondest memories of the venerable Mega Man franchise.If that sounds up your alley, then I highly recommend. The only real criticism I have is that the character animations are a little stiff. But that is a very minor gripe for an otherwise excellent game."
,Recommended,322110,35228740,Posted: 26 September,all,SuperGoodWIN,"Best platformer I have played in years! Megaman 3 for NES was my jam (among others) and this is spot on as a modern indie adaptation. Great level design, power ups, and 2 player mode. A must for any run and gun platformer lovers!"
76561198082557053,Recommended,322110,35112015,Posted: 21 September,all,BigBoss,"Great Game,  Great Control, Great Soundtrack, Great Nostalgia. Its a simple formula, Generate a level, Traverse the level as one of the two charcters, defeat the boss, Repeat.  Definitely Recommand to anyone look for something fun to kill time with. It is going to be the next big speedrun game."
76561198114162344,Recommended,322110,35387024,Posted: 1 October,all,patara.tk,"If there was going to be Megaman X9, this is going to be it.Unlike megaman, every stage is random so you will never get bored of it.There's also a co-op mode in the game which i recommend playing, its just so much fun and make the game way harder.Must buy for any Megaman fan out there."
,Recommended,322110,35398378,Posted: 1 October,all,Cerebrolord,"Bought this during Early Access, do not regret it one bit. Permadeath Megaman is a lot of fun, controls are tight, its properly optimized now, and the devs keep checking in often."
76561197979998458,Recommended,322110,35314393,Posted: 29 September,all,CheapO,"I bought this during early access, played enough to know I liked it then shelfed it for its full release.Three words:Worth The WaitIf you liked Megaman X you'll like this. Normal difficulty is a bit on the easy side for those of us that cut our thumbs on the NES megaman titles. Even with this in mind 20XX is worth the price of admission. Randomized levels mean replay lasts as long as you want it to. Randomized bosses and subsequent upgrades mean you'll have much to challenge yourself with here. Tactics change drastically when for instance you don't have a double jump. Appropriate for both kids and adults."
,Recommended,322110,35432134,Posted: 2 October,all,Error,"It feels really good. It's fast, feels seemless and is what you'd expect from a Megaman-esque game. I love the concept of the Megaman universe and I'm fine if we can get some more shady history from this game since Megaman is no longer important to the gaming industry.Love it."
,Recommended,322110,35304575,Posted: 29 September,all,Sheepfucker,"Disappointed by a certain other Megaman-alike?This game has a lot of what you want from a megaman X style game, with the replayability of a roguelite.You've got standard ""roguelike features"", that is, permanent unlocks, procedural generation of levels, and randomised order of content.Face it, when you were young you played megaman and were bad at it, so it took you a long time to beat it fully. Nowadays, you'd blitz megaman X in two days and drop it.This adds enough random features that you've got an interesting challenge you can play repeatedly.It's got dashing, jumping, wall climb jumps, boss weapons, charged attacks... and it doesn't have the awful combo dash score system of M#9.It recognises the greatness of its forebears and uses them for nostalgia, BUT! It doesn't keep all features of the Megaman games - you can instead turn on some of the difficulty features as optional Skulls, such as ""Instadeath Spikes"", and you can increase difficulty in a granular manner with other skulls."
76561198001533758,Recommended,322110,35478638,Posted: 4 October,all,Tim Carroll,"It's Mega Man X as a roguelike: Kill bosses, steal their powers, bite off more than you can chew, die horribly, repeat."
