user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,322300,16040274,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,DustAndEchoes,"This game is hard.I'm going to start there. The learning curve is so steep it might as well be a brick wall. Three days in the game and I'm barely comfortable leaving the main city to poke trash mobs, and Ive barely started nibbling on crafting.This game is also incredibly complex, beautiful, and clearly much loved by its developers.Dont look here for WoW. Dont look here for SWTOR. This is truly an ""Old School"" game from the days of Star Wars Galaxies or the very first Everquest. This is a game for the MUD nerds and the Tabletop masters with skads of reference material on-hand from the days of grid maps and notebooks.There is very little hand holding, there are no classes. Dont complain about haivng to craft a hundred different sub-components to get your speeder bike. Because that's what this game is about! It's about complexity and spending hours to master some tiny aspect of the game that makes you an invaluable cog in the greater machine. I love this game. I love it /because/ it is overwhelming. It gives me so much content dropped into my lap like a knotted fishing reel that I'll spend forever pulling apart the strands until I understand the mechanism.That's what this game is about, and it does it very well for being so very early access.Now, dont get me wrong. It /is/ still early access. There are glitches, texture collisions, quest-killing bugs, and the framerates grind a bit. But for all its warts, I can see the diamond underneath, and I cant wait to see where they take it.In conclusion : Buy the game with the understanding that this is a HARD game, and it is an EARLY game. But it smacks of nostalgia, and it's a wonderfully refreshing challenge in a world where MMOs are designed to cater to the whiny masses and dragons practically slay themselves."
,Recommended,322300,13692242,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Riolis,"*edit : They have updated quite alot so this review might not be relavent anymore. Will update once this game get more polished*I've never played SWG or UO before, so I was kindda curious what the game like, as I was looking for games that put more emphasis on crafting system and economy like Wurm Online and Haven and Hearth does, and I've been dissapointed time and time again with the current ecosystem of MMORPG. All the other MMO that I've played put crafting and economy as a side mini game of grinding that the only main objective is to drain your gold coffers (so you would microtranscation more gold from them). I wanted to find a game that making something is meaningful, not grinding harvesting and crafting by making worthless items just so you can make the end-game items, and any items you made before that is pointless and garbage after you level up a few times. And this game is EFFING it!!This game will be a complicated game to review, since it does have a huge pros, and also a few deblilating cons.Pros :- Crafting is meaningful. Each of the item you crafted is useful. Each items made is used in alot other recipes. You can make almost every single item in the game. And you can actually do, without too much of a grinding like in other MMO, you can make alot of things using the lowest quality items and its not a hassle to do it at all. But to make a really high quality items, you need to depend on other and this is where the grind is. How cool is it to be a master crafter of making single core processor motherboard :3And I must say, when you make something, the satisfaction is astounding. <3- Fitting system. Fitting system is great since you're not tied to a armor or weapon, and you don't need to change your armor/weapon/accessory every 5 levels. If you found a set that you love you can just stick with it and customize your armor to be what you want. Slashing defense maxed out armor? Full armor penetration defense armor? Hell yeah.- I haven't experience the player housing, town and shops, but any game with that is a huge plus.- Living world. Day and Night cycle. NPC have their own schedule like what Ultima 7 had. Alot of MMO keep yapping on and on about how their game is alive and how the city is bustling, yet when you're the only one in the area, its feels like you are in a town fulls of puppet, every NPC just stand there doing nothing. This game means it and NPC will close shop at night, Guard stop patrolling the town outskirts at night, Guard will change their guard post every day. Shopkeeper will go to the disco at night.- Quest is randomly generated based on a template. Each area have their own quest type and story. Not one player will have the same quest like the other one (kindda). While the quest is not that great and buggy, but its a huge step on the right direction. Each quest is different (somewhat) unlike the old system where the same NPC keep forcing everyone to collect the same bloody 10 animal hide over and over again. This game is on the right path, imperfect but on the right path. While you have to send the cupcake to the guard, your friend might be sending some rose to a girl. <3 and another guy is sending a cupcake to the guy in the pub.- Away from the stupid classic leveling system. Mega plus. The more you do on certain area the more it will progress, and you will get skill point bonuses also. This is what all MMO should aspire to be.- Huge world and multiple passanger vehicle and mech!!!- Dance routine (that give buff to everyone depending on the type of dance and the dance step) and story telling (that also give buff to everyone depending on the type of story, plot-twist and ending, oh and anyone can jump in can contiue to story tell the story started by another.). Make a camp in the wild, and start playing the guitar, dance and storytell, and then go lay teh smackdown on the bandit camp nearby.Cons :- Early Access : God the game is buggy as hell. I know its early access, and people need to be reminded that the game is buggy and it does takes off the enjoyment sometimes (ok maybe more then sometimes). Wait till the game enter a more stable stage if this is your main concerns.- Combat is very unpolish, laggy and not particularly fun. Well I've seen worst (aka Fallen Earth) but I hope they can polish it more down the road.- UI is nasty. just plain nasty and unfriendly. The ingame Map is probably the worst I've seen in any game, hard to read just filled with freaking orange colored dot that can mean anything, even worst when compared to Fallen Earth in-game map (and Fallen Earth UI is first on my Top 10 list of most nasty UI in an MMO). UI is unresponsive, the map (M and Shift-M) is impossible to use. Mini-map should just be deleted for how useless it is.Crafting UI is bearable, Quest UI is pretty bad. And omg, the talking to NPC UI and speech bubble is horrible nasty piece of buggy crap.Please dev, fix this at the utmost priority. UI is the most important gateway for user experience in MMO. User spend more time using the UI then combat, then gameplay and all the other thing combined.- Character Creation is pretty bad too and buggy on top of that :( which is really making me sad.- Player economy is yet to sprout because of the lack of player. Hopefully this will change once the game goes Free2Play.Neutral points:- Graphics is way behind, but if you want to play an MMO with beautiful gals with perfect bewbies and booties physics, then the Korean Dev is working hard to make those. I prefer the dev to spend their time making the game mechanics more unique and fun rather then asking them to spend most of thier time making the bewbies bounce prefectly and copy-paste the old, tired and grindy MMO recipe to offset the time wasted. Rather you should just google ""Porn"" watch it then come play this game.Back to the point I wanted to make, the graphics is not great, but it is playable. While I would love this game to have the graphic of TERA and gameplay of Repop (wet dreams) I know thats not possible, and I would choose gameplay with a playable graphics any time of the day.- Very steep learning curve (like 90 degrees steep, also known as a brick wall), but once you get the hang of it, its like magic, everything will seems to make sense and you will love the complication of the system. Will probably turn alot of poeple off tho.- The community is filled with smarta$$. Not quite sure to either to put it as pro or cons. The community is matured, no tarding chat because most of those type probably quit in the tutorial. Unfortunately this make the community very stiff, and  asking a noobie question in chat will usually get you ignored or answered in a non-helpful way since everyone thinks everyone should already knew the obvious things already, and shouldn't be asking about it, and any points/suggestion made in chat that the game should be more easier to understand will be shot down pretty fast. So beware.I find this refreshing though, no more global chat spam about virtual sex and all that crap, god, Tera chat is nasty.TL;DRI recommend this game wholeheartedly if you :- Can handle a buggy early access.- Can handle a huge learning curve.- Likes making shiny things.- Dont mind the laser from your gun shooting from your bottom at times.- Likes to support a dev who is making what a MMO should've been all this time, not like all the garbage that is out there.5 cats out of 5."
76561197978094155,Recommended,322300,23555114,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Urizon,"March 2017The servers are back online and they have just opened up the game for sales again.  I've been playing the last week and the devs are very responsive both in game and on the forums.  They seem to be working hard to get the project back on track.  I'm more hopeful that the game will see full development under the new company.The game itself is great.  It has probably the most complex crafting system I've ever seen, and I love it.  There are no classes or levels, you get skill in what you do.  You can be whatever you like.  Classic fighter that kills stuff and sells the spoils...of course.  Gatherer who hoards mats and sells them to the highest bidder, check.  Trader who squeezes out the competition with better quality goods, yep.  Animal trader who tames and sells awesome pets, sure.  Greese monkey who builds the best rides around, can do.  Mad scientist who bio engineers creatures to fight for them, why not!  The sci-fi style is great, we need a good sci-fi mmorpg with a fresh style.January 2017Idea Fabrik PLC has aquired The Repopulation.  They are looking to bring it back online in the first quarter of this year!  While I won't hold my breath that this game will make a full recovery, I look forward to being able to at least play again.Here is the article for those interested:https://www.therepopulation.com/index.php/news/299-above-and-beyond-technologies-sells-the-repopulation-to-idea-fabrik--This game was smashed by the fact that the engine it was being built on being pulled out from under the project.  They are now converting the entire game over to the Unreal engine.  The game had been down for about 6 months.  But instead of giving up or leaving the players to suffer the loss they have released a free spinnoff survival game that all who bough the game can play for free.The game is not dead, it is on hold.  There are still full plans to rerelease it once the conversion is complete. Keep an eye out for it's return!--"
,Recommended,322300,13597644,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sodo,"This being another early access game and I a fan of Star Wars galaxies pre-NGE; I will try to keep this review as unbiased as possible. I have not seen a lot of the game yet, and I have spent most of the time I currently have logged trying to fully understand all of the basic mechanics the final product will revolve around. So this is mainly a performance and theory review. Since most of this game is subject to change over time.------------------System Information------------------Time of this report: 12/25/2014, 14:59:00Machine name: SODOGAMINGOperating System: Windows 8.1 64-bit (6.3, Build 9600) (9600.winblue_r3.140827-1500)Language: English (Regional Setting: English)System Manufacturer: Dell Inc.System Model: XPS 8500BIOS: BIOS Date: 08/28/13 10:44:30 Ver: 04.06.05Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-3450 CPU @ 3.10GHz (4 CPUs), ~3.1GHzMemory: 8192MB RAMAvailable OS Memory: 8152MB RAMPage File: 3318MB used, 6114MB availableWindows Dir: C:\WindowsDirectX Version: DirectX 11DX Setup Parameters: Not foundUser DPI Setting: Using System DPISystem DPI Setting: 96 DPI (100 percent)DWM DPI Scaling: DisabledDxDiag Version: 6.03.9600.16384 64bit Unicode---------------Display Devices---------------Card name: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 TiManufacturer: NVIDIAChip type: GeForce GTX 560 TiDAC type: Integrated RAMDACDevice Type: Full DeviceDevice Key: Enum\PCI\VEN_10DE&DEV_1200&SUBSYS_089810DE&REV_A1Display Memory: 4043 MBDedicated Memory: 971 MBShared Memory: 3071 MBThere is currently a lot of performance issues for people near or meeting recommended system reqs. The game is playable with my system specs, and in most places I can get 40-60 fps with everything set to low. Granted the options aren't fully developed yet so there is only so much tweaking you can do to enhance game performance. The Hero Engine works in cells. So when you enter a new cell in the world map it can cause a huge drop in frame rates. Another major issue to be noted when considering purchasing this early access is the large memory leak the game has. Generally memory leaks lead to constant game crashes, but this personally isn't the case. The main problems from my experience with the memory leaks is that The Repopulation has a rapid declination of performance over an extended period of play time. Now I am not saying that this won't cause constant crashes for others, and I have ran into a few crashes myself.(The crashes I've had were mainly from tabbing to my second monitor while at the loading screen.)Now, for the people who want to focus on testing out the crafting system. There is a bug that will frequently cause your recipes to disappear requiring you to reboot the game application in order to continue crafting. Another bug that is somewhat annoying is your inventory and items disappearing.(which will effect people who want to craft, or people looking to test combat). The last two major bugs people should be aware of before purchasing is a game crash on respawn, and your hotbar being bugged on respawn and not showing ability cooldowns.Performance summary = EA is not for everyone, and if you at least meet recommended system reqs the game will be ""playable"". Keep in mind this is an early access alpha so expect everything to constantly be breaking, or not be working as intended.The theory of the game is very community oriented. I like this concept however in the current state I feel that the direction the game is going in the developement team is relying too much on an over complicated crafting system to supplement the lack of content. The crafting system is extremely amazing and intricate, but the foundation of the crafting system requires a large and active community to keep supply up with the demand.Starting out I felt as if I was missing the direction I should be going or as if i was not ""playing"" the game correctly. I feel like this thought process came from my experience of all the other mmo's inbetween the time of Star Wars Galaxies and The Repopulation. There isn't a story line that you're tied down to. You choose how you want to play, and the mission system is the perfect flavor for me. You can find missions that are static pick ups off of npcs, but most of the quests will be delivered right to your mailbox. Play the game how you want to play there is nothing linear about it. Do what you want to when you want to.Theory and mechanics review = Intricate crafting that is heavily interdepenent on other people. The load of work required to be the master of a craft is too much for one person. I currently think the crafting should be slightly simplified but with time those sort of things will be ironed out. Being able to pick up and turn in missions on the fly without having to go back into town is just awesome, and you have the freedom to master all of the combat and crafting professions as you desire.(It would take an extremely large amount of time to do so.)*Overall review*Performance= Early access plenty of broken thingsCombat = unpolished but the concept is definitely thereCrafting = Amazing in depth system that lets you tailor items to the stats you want and need! (currently over complicated and doesn't have the population to support it)Community = If there is a game to bring back the concept of an actual community The Repopulation is the one.Content = currently not there but this is to be expected being Early access. (Only future patches will be able to tell us what is to come. However, it currently feels like crafting is taking place of content.)Should you buy The Repopulation alpha early access? I'm definitely not going to say no, but you should consider some of these things. The Repopulation will most likely not run well, and you will have to deal with unexpected downtimes. However, most of the concepts are very ambitious and interesting. The game has plenty of potential we just have to see in which direction the dev team takes it. Like most other reviews I will also say if you loved SWG pre-nge (That includes pre-combat upgrade AND combat upgrade) you will most like feel comfortable in The Repopulation. For people who have not played SWG if you do buy The Repopulation EA don't get confused. The game feels like too much to take in at first, but it's set up to give you the freedom to be whoever the hell you want to while in game.Thumbs up to The Repopulation it currently has a lot of problems and questionable content. But this is a game that I know has potential to be the next amazing thing, and I wish The Repopulation the best of luck. I will be extensively testing this title!"
,Recommended,322300,30447023,Posted: 11 March,all,DioCyde,"People complain about the politics that happened. Its over, the game is coming back out. The guys who developed the engine for the game are now in control. They we're there at the beginning so its not some random company goobering up a great concept. Give them a chance. I know I will."
76561197992200829,Recommended,322300,15848860,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,LunaticWoda,"So I will start with saying the game is still in Alpha as I write this and have been playing it for about 3 weeks...This game is soul sucking I mean it drains the very essence of your being. its not a normal MMO where its POWER GRIND because you can't do it. It simple drains your mind to hard. With that said... This game has extreme potential this is a MMO for the old school MMO players aka pre-WoW insta gartification noob fest. The crafting system is super complex almost to a fault and its bitter sweet. I have been farming mats for most of my time and I still haven't made anything. But damn will it be a fulfilling thing once I have.The combat is alright and I rate this on a huge curve as the Alpha to launch it will be a lot different but the foundation is solid.The ProsVery fulfilling gameInsanely high soft/hard caps for things (ie normal MMO 2-300 skill level for your craft = nothing here were talking 6000+ is good crafting levels)Solid helpful communityPVP/Sieges though not really out the foundation for this is AWESOMEPlayer houses / cities AWESOMEFun ""mounts""Interesting pet systemGreat social components not just grind grind grindConsSoul suckingthis is NOT a game for people with no free time or think WoW is a great MMOTarget audienceEQ1 / DAOC / SWG / EvE"
,Recommended,322300,14007692,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,WeskerDoodle,"After years of playing Star War Galaxies and experiencing the empty hole that could never be filled since its demise, I finally feel like I'm at home again. Open world sandbox, Sci-fi theme, player housing, robust crafting, foraging, mining, etc. All of these qualities are what I have been searching for in a game for YEARS. The Repopulation played at my heart strings. After 2 days of playing it, I can already tell I will be playing this game for many years. My friends and I extend a great thanks to The Repopulation team. You have filled that empty hole in our gaming experience and payed attention to Sci-fi/Sandbox players. We have been ignored for so long. Following the development of this game for 2 years was worth it.10/10 even though the Alpha play is quite broken. This is expected.Rest in peace Sunrunner server of Star Wars Galaxies."
,Recommended,322300,17286272,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,RobertDole,"Did you enjoy playing Galaxies between launch and the CU? Do you like complex crafting systems (the good kind)? Do you like the freedom to level 1 or 2 things or Everything if you want on one character?The Repopulation might be for you, then.Use any weapon, or heal.Tame wild animals, or make your own to fight with and / or for you.Completely customize the way your character looks on creation, and afterward in-game if you didn't pick the right things. Think about the Saints Row Series - make a normal-looking or goofy character if you want.Entertain and buff yourself and other characters in rest zones like pubs in and outside. Not near a town? You can pop open a tent and do the same with your group.Not interested in being a good guy? Stealth your way around and pick pocket / steal from people and shops. Become an assassin with rogue-like abilities - backstab with one or two knives for massive damage. (From my experience, starting out along this path is a little tricky in the current state 7/29/15). There are several skill lines that are beneficial - Stealth, Assassination, Bladed Weapons, Thievery, etc.Want to build your own robots, vehicles, and other advanced items? You may want to consider joining a nation (guild). Crafting is complex for most advanced items and you may want friendly teams of people gathering to accelerate the process.The game is early access, which means many things haven't been refined to perfection, and there are still some features on the ""To Do / To Add"" list. In its current state, I can still recommend this game to all those interested in it. Be warned; there is a guaranteed wipe slated for the launch of the game. There are only rumours of other wipes between now and then, but no official word on any.There are GMs that occasionally do testing with players ingame to hunt down bugs and troubleshoot various things. Watch General chat for opportunities like these.On live streams (Twitch) you'll be able to get info on new features, ask about development, etc. As of the one that was done a few days ago, I had the opportunity to ask about Space Exploration (""Will we be Repopulating other planets at some point?""). It was confirmed that this is something they want in the game; Space Exploration and Space Combat.10/10 ""Shut up and take my money"", even in its current state."
,Recommended,322300,14493637,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Bigdan99,"Some general warnings about this game:1. It will be free to play when it releases in mid-late 20152.The graphics are still very WIP3. Most of the systems will be very intimidating when you first boot up the game, as they are extremely complexDespite these reasons, The Repopulation is the best MMO i've ever played. I paid $20 for early access, and can say that the game is fully worth that price, let alone the low price of free later in the year. All of the features that you see are here: Once you get out of the tutorial, the game literally says ""Im not giving you any more direction, go and do whatever you want."" You can switch to action mode with Shift+A, and the game will play like Mass Effect rather than World of Warcraft. You can also switch into first person mode with shift + F, but it's a little buggy. When people say this is like SWG, they mean it. You can dedicate your time in this game to learning how to dance, and only how to dance. There's a skill tree for dancing, and throwing in different moves will add different buffs. You can also be a storyteller, a weaponsmith, a herbalist, a hunter, a pyro, the list goes on. When you start off in your beginning town, you will recieve emails which detail missions tailored to you based on the decisions you make. If you want, you can ignore them. You can select which missions you enjoy more. There are vehicles to ride, weapon classes to learn, ores to refine, all of this in an early access game. The servers are not empty; the chat is booming on the server im on, and there are more than 5 other servers to play on as well. Seriously, spend $20 on this game. Sure, it'll be free in about 5 months, but you really should not wait for this experience.  Just know that the UI and models are rough around the edges, and you should find hours of entertainment in this."
76561198041088566,Recommended,322300,22135786,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Odd Spierce,"For being in Alpha development, the game was already incredibly complex. Then the stuff with HeroEngine happened, and suddenly everyone lost faith? Really?They made the smart move switching to Unreal; and though it'll take longer for the game to come out, it'll come back better than it was going to be before.And for everyone shouting vaporware: They had been making regular-ish and meaningful updates up till the point of the server shut-down.Just go play some other games while we wait for them to rebuild the darn thing."
,Recommended,322300,14302949,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Rkurnelm,"I never had the pleasure of playing Ultima Online.  But I was fortunate enough to play SWG (both pre and post Combat Update and NGE).  Much of The Repopulation is very reminicant of my days as a TKM (Teras Kasi Master) trying to get to blue glowy (Jedi), with some notable exceptions.  Therefore, the comparrison that the company makes is a very fair one as far as SWG is concerned.The game is highly skill based.  There are your main skills (of which there's around 75) and then there are skills within the skills.  I will use the character I have played with the most (I've tinkered with three) to try to illustrate the point.My main character is primarily a hunter type with some gathering side abilities.  There are several but the ones he specializes in are, mining (minerals and ore extraction from nodes), wood cutting (cutting down trees), and survival (skinning animals and scavenging for water).  There's others but those are the ones I use.  For every mob type there is a set skill pertaining to them.  A common early mob is a Setlang, they are reptilian dog-like creatures.  As you hunt/skin more and more of these creatures you begin to become more and more familiar with them.  So there's your overall skill (say survival) and specific species skill (in this case setlang) the higher they both are the better you do, obviously.  This holds true across the board.   Are you a miner?  What kind of miner are you?  There's a skill for each ore too.  Woods man?  What trees/plants are you good with?On the flipside.  Lets say you go into crafting.  The same thing applies you have your base crafting schools, lets say chemistry, and then you have all of your chemistry recipes.  They have separate skills associated with each one of them (i'm quite the badass water distiller but i can't do acid extraction for crap).Harvesting is interesting in that you have several options.  There's auto harvesting (you can put down extractors over some nodes) and there's manual extraction.  Many nodes under manual extraction come with 2 other options enhancement of the node you're on, and enrichment of the area.  As an area is harvested it looses quality and it shows in the nodes.  The immediate and personal fix is by enhancing the node you're working on but it only works for you.  Enriching the area restores the area's quality not just for you but everyone.The game is in alpha so please expect crashes, bugs and issues. They aren't abundant but they exist, most can be fixed with a soft log.ProsMassive skill systemGreat in game communityVery ambitiousRewarding if you're willing to work for it (those who seek immediate gratification go elsewhere)Decent early teaching methods (nooby training instance)ConsSteep price tag for alpha *redacted con, see edit*Alpha lots of bugs, they're being worked on but it's alphaFuture possibility of microtransactionsSteep learning curve, with many skills ""hidden"" for you to discover on your own, and little direction given beyond the original training instanceAll in all, if they add a twitch based flight aspect I will be at their door screaming ""Shut up and take my money"".  As it sits, for me, it is worth the early investment.  These guys are clearly serious and want the game to work.  That being said I enjoy alphas and betas, and realize many don't.  So if you're one who wants a clean and polished game don't buy in yet.  The game is clean and has some polish, but isn't finished yet.  They are making progress (think an update comes out today or tomorrow actually) but they've still got work to do.  The price tag of 40 bucks for an alpha is a bit steep in my opinion but being that it harkens back to my days in SWG as much as it did I took the plunge, and am glad I did.There's many things that you can do in game that I've not mentioned this is strictly the path of one of my characters, the character is truly yours when you get in.Enjoy-RkEdit: Thanks to WubZero for bringing this to my attention.  There's been a price reduction removing that con.  Game is now 20 bucks as opposed to 40 now makes it a very viable competetor in the current market.They do plan on having twitch based flight once they've smoothed out the majority of the ground game.  So we are at ""Shut up and take my money"" status."
,Recommended,322300,14646321,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sardoni,"2/25/2015 - In the current iteration I feel the game is still in the core gameplay stage of testing.  If you don't know what that means, probably best to avoid the game until it progresses into a beta stage.  The developers always seem active and open to feedback.  GM staff is usually always available in game if you hit a snag with most issues.  /newbie chat is most times filled with helpful people (so long as you actually paid attention during the tutorial :P).I would caution you to bring your engineering degree along if you plan on delving too deeply into crafting because it is quite literally rocket science.  Most crafts also have strong interdependencies relying on the other crafting fields, so it's not a recommended solo experience.  And why have we gotten the notion that MMOs should be solo experiences in all things?  You can eventually grand master every skill line on one character, but don't put the cart before the horse.  Soft cap is currently 6k per skill line (when you stop gaining abilities) with hard cap being 60k per skill line (with small gain improvement depending on the skill line after 6k).This game is trying to recapture many of the sandbox aspects that have been ignored lately in MMOs.  One of the more important being the social aspects that I feel should exist in all MMOs.  You'll need people for far more in this game then hitting the queue button and waiting for a pve dungeon or pvp map with perfect strangers and then never see them again.  Personally I was excited to see sort of a re-imaging of the Entertainer from SWG providing buffs to people who stop into the pub/cantina (the /tip function is also in this game!).I've also missed my Creature Handler and there's a few different pet style branches here as well.  Animal Handling - tame baby animals in the wild to fight for you/become mounts for you and maintain them with Vet Medicine (or let another vet maintain them for you), Robotics - build your own robot and outfit them with fittings to suit your needs, and Genetic Engineering - take tissue samples and dna samples from various creatures and make your own mad scientst one-shot consumable-on-use clone pets.There are 75 total skill lines at the moment to discuss (as well as hidden skill lines), so I won't talk in depth about all those, but I encourage to check out the official site and wiki to learn more.All in all, this game has a solid foundation to be a decent sandbox which the industry is severly lacking at the moment.  If that is a niche you miss or want to delve deeper into; consider backing.  If you'd like to play a more optimized game... continue to wait until this game moves into beta phase (still a few months out from time of posting)."
76561198012073812,Recommended,322300,13979678,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,macidy,"Initially It was fun and frustrating at the same time...then for a few days it seemed to grind on and on and I didn't see much developing with my charicter...(Because like many I didn't read any of the guides and tried to jump in without a clue.) After I read one of the guides...well...It honestly changed the whole game for me and am now making some really decent headway in charicter developement. It is a little rough on load times and still crashes once or twice every couple of hours, but hey...Its Alpha. It was advertised as such so it has to be expected. Honestly though it preforms better than many games I've tried that were full releases. There is ALOT to do, learn and try in this game. It can be a casual game but it's hard to put it down sometimes even when i'm getting stomped. The crafting system is pretty advanced and it has a new skill system similar to that of EVE online. (Skill books.) plus if you buy the weapon skills you get a free gun, grenade or Sword, ax etc. apropriate to the skill learned. (I.e. you leard automatic weapons you get an assault rifle.) One of my two favorite weapons in game so far are the sniper rifle and flame thrower. (You can also add fittings to the weapons and armor to boost certin atributes.) ....and they have pets! Who doesn't want virtual pets...and no virtual Poo to clean up. They have a limited amount of vehicles that I suggest buying for other players rather than NPCs as the quality, availability, and prices are much better...I bought a light mech...It has a gun...I shoot stuff.It's a keeper."
76561197982916996,Recommended,322300,16300986,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,samhain323,"1st Impressions review.I love it so far. You can tell where the team's inspiration came from. It reminds me of the early days of SWG and seems to have the best parts of that game, Anarchy Online, UO, Vanguard, and others.Even in alpha the game is playable and easily worth the $20. I've been waiting for a game like this since they butchered SWG. I even went so far as to try SWG emulators and others. I played Vanguard until it went offline as well.The good: Solid base so far. Combat is pretty fun and you get a choice between RPG (tab target) and FPS style. The mission system is convienient and being refined. The skill trees are diverse and varied. The crafting system is complex (see below). There are numerous ways to progress your character (combat, crafting, harvesting, diplomacy, entertainer etc). These  are completley viable playstyles in and of themselves. And you can technically do them all on the same character (classless, lskill point based progression with no limit on skill points accrued). Pets, tamed, bought, built. Yes, you can go tame baby creatures and raise them, build bots, genetically engineer pets, etc.The bad: I love crafting. I spent at least a solid year on SWG doing that almost exclusively (by hand, no macros). I love the fact they are trying hard to make the crafting (and other professions) viable. That being said, at first glance I think it's a bit too complicated and interdependent at the moment. There are very few (if any) low level recipes that are useful in an of themselves. Interdependence among crafters is forced. Even most low level recipes require components from multiple disciplines. You might as well include harvesting in this as well, as your skill at harvesting affects the quality of raw and refined mats. Unfortunatley it relies on the premise there will be crafters fulfilling all the parts required. A crafter just starting out, who has no money, cannot collect higher grade mats, and/or make high grade end products, will basically be forced to run missions and grind out sub-par items for xp.Keep in mind this is a first impression and solely an opinion. I may very well change my mind after a bit more time.That being said, I see HUGE potential. I think they can streamline it a bit, ease up a little on the interdependence, and tone down the recipe complexity a little. Honestly, even if it doesn't change much, I'd still play and most likely craft. I don't see it attracting many crafters in it's current iteration though.I'll update as the game progresses. This is my first review after years of playing games on Steam. I'm not the guy that generally takes time to write reviews, but I really want this game to succeed. I'm tired of the trash that's being churned out."
,Recommended,322300,13815797,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,WildJAMES 007,"The Tale of some BlokeGather round children and let me tell you a tale of old, there once was a little boy who dreamt of playing Star Wars Galaxies but lacked the funds to pay monthly or at that point even a Computer to play it on. He wished and he wished for a Computer and the money to fund his dream. Time past and he grew older his dream still alight within him he learnt of Computers and their ways, ventured into the PC Gaming community and saught out adventure yet still he did not have the funds to complete his dream and it was put on hold yet again. Time past by till eventually Sony decided to close their Star Wars Galaxies servers forever, the boy was heart broken his dream crushed all hope destroyed, he would never venture to Tatooine and shoot Tusken Raiders, never explore caves on the icy planet of Hoth or slap Gungans because they are so damn annoying on Naboo...His dream faded into the past only occasionaly reminded of it by Youtube Videos and the odd discussion among fellow gamers. He moved on taking up arms against others in different realms and worlds fighting for different causes a lone wanderer without a home. But then one day he stumbled upon The Repopulation. ""What is this?"" he said aloud in surprise, it was a game that was incredibly similar to Star Wars Galaxies and it was in a Kickstarter, his heart soared he may not be able to live in the Star Wars universe but he could damn well come close with this game. He bided his time yet again and waited... and waited... and waited.It was Christmas 2014 the young boy...long since ageing into a man stumbled upon The Repopulation again on Steam he began to debate it's purchase ""Is it worth it... can I afford it?"". The man was conflicted so he took to the Steam reviews. Review after review spoke of how it was similar to SWG. He put his foot down and decided to gamble for it.Upon entering the world of Rhyldan he knew he has found what he wanted for so long he had character customisation, free form skill tree progression with the ability to change to a different variety of weapons without being stuck with one class, men who played as women and jumped around alot and most importantly he had no idea what he was doing. Despite all this he was happy... and well how do I know he was happy you may be asking?I am that guy. (Of course you've already likely figuired that out so no suprise there)Serious ReviewFor a game in early access I find it pretty fun it has main functionality and the devs are looking to add much more content before release so that's looking dandy.The combat is like most MMO setups but does offer a Third-Person Shooter mode it isn't grand but it makes a nice change. The ability to be able to rank up and use all weapon types greatly pleases me too many times I have felt restricted by other games due to their enforcement of a specific class, although it was fun to start with the novelty and the wanting to use other weapons grew.With Character customisation you are able to modify your face and build etc, there are a limited amount of hair styles at present but enough to keep most satisfied such as myself. A nice feature I have found was upon visiting a store I was able to purchase a cheap cosmetic item to change my facial structure this greatly pleases me as I always screw up something in my characters in all games.Being a Social / Sandbox MMO you are able to do a variety of things I have seen dancers, crafters, people on floaty bike things reminicent of the Scout Trooper bikes from Star Wars. You can also cook, build robots etc.There are some issues with Repop such as weird little feet indicators that clip through your clothing however these are barely noticible unless you are wearing specific clothing, I also imagine this will be dealt with at some point in the near future. Other issues would be new comers at least in my experiance might not be sure what to do, it took me a while to figuire out the NPCs could help me locate mission based NPCs when they weren't on my map for a quest. All in all though for an alpha it is pretty good and it looks promising. I have seen data that suggests it will be coming out as Free 2 Play so you may wish to just wait till its fully released and not drop a penny but if you are like myself and don't mind some bugs, helping out devs and getting early access then it might be up your street."
76561198034810870,Recommended,322300,15522419,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Topkos,"Good Idea. Good Crafting. Great Community. Not for everyone. I'll be back when at least 2 things are fixed, that ruin my game experience. 1) Map Crossing - I have everything in low in a pretty good gaming rig, still crash every other time when traveling in my bike. 2)Mobs Loading Time. When the 100 mobs around me are loaded in the map, I'm already dead.Beautiful place to explore, But these 2 things ruin the game for me.Again, alpha is alpha, I got my 20 bucks worth of entertainment, Kudos to the Devs."
76561197970516144,Recommended,322300,16040820,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Only Jesus Christ Saves,"This game is Alpha and obviously has a lot of work ahead of it but what impresses me is most of the major features seem to work.  It has the potential to be the game I will call home for the foreseeable future.  Skill based system, player crafting economy, player housing/cities/nations and many other great features.  It all reminds me of UO and SWG (both early era) which are two of my favorite games.  If you have never played a skill based game before try it with an open mind.  No more leveling, what you actually do is what you become good at.First off, the game is very rough around the edges.  It’s Alpha so expect Alpha.  For Alpha however it is very impressive compared to others I’ve backed.  Everything in general works.  It might not be pretty but it works.  My review will just be an example of a single play session as a complete noob:Log in, check my in game e-mail for any quests I’m interested in.  If one looks good I take it, if not I simply ignore them.  I hit the local bar/pub (allows you to enter a resting state that makes entertainment abilities usable) to do some Entertainment activities such as dancing and storytelling (this is the game’s buff system, the more people around using entertainment skills the faster you seem to stack buffs and of different types).Once I get 6 stacks of all the buffs I can that last more than an hour, I head out of town, with my Adult Setlang pet and start murdering stuff with my rifle (gaining rifle skill and animal handing doing so).  I harvest any lumber or metal I can find as well as the corpses of the fallen (gaining survival skill and knowledge of what I kill).  Using my survival skills I upgrade the resources harvested as far I can (quality in materials matters to crafters).I’m working on my personal short term goal of building a speeder bike so I focus on the mats needed to create this (found by access an outside website for crafting, expect plenty of this).  If enough time goes by I also use my survival skill to create a camp in the wild to enter a resting state (same as the bar) and refresh my buffs.  If you have 6 stacks with a minute left, it only takes 1 more stack to refresh all stacks to max duration.I find any baby animals I can tame and do so to raise animal handling.  I also have to craft food for my pets and feed them every hour so they can continue to grow to adulthood.  Eventually I’ll be able to turn them into mounts if I choose depending on the animal.Every fight I gain skill in Stealth, light armor and whatever other skills I use.  If I have to run and heal I gain in healing skill.  What you do is what you become good at, you get the idea.That’s a very basic example of what’s going on and it all works.  The animations are rough, the sounds are not great and not directional, the graphics glitch and the engine lags at times especially around what appear to be server lines but it’s still Alpha.  If the game can get polished up it will be a real gem."
,Recommended,322300,14805312,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Veo,"One of the few games out there with such depth.  I've just completed my second week on this game and have been amazed by the vastness of the world and item (read: crafting) system.  I've never played Ultima Online or Star Wars Galaxies, but other players ingame say that those are the closest comparisons.  I like to think of The Repopulation as a Runescape on steroids with a touch of EVE Online. While I could talk about various aspects of the game, I'm going to focus on crafting which seems to be the strongest point in the game currently.Pros - CraftingThere's a highly complex crafting tree for making things like weapons and armor, vehicles, consumables etc.  I specialize in Armor Fittings, which enhance the stats of your armor.  Unlike most MMOs out there, the armor and weapons themselves don't matter as much as the fittings which you insert into them.  In order to craft Armor Fittings I rely on other players to harvest ore, wood and plants which I then turn in to refined metal bars, firewood and chemicals to craft the components that I will eventually need to make a single fitting.  If no one is gathering Calibrite Ore, and the auction house is empty, then I must go out and gather some myself.  Armor Fittings are one recipe of the larger Armor Crafting discipline, which is itself one of several hundred skill paths players can choose from.  The interesting thing is knowing that you rely on other players on your server to gather materials that you can't gather, and to craft items you can't craft yourself.  While you can theoretically DIY, it takes significantly longer than bartering and buying/selling to and from other players.  Plus, advanced items require dozens of ingredients to come together.Cons - CraftingThe system can be daunting to players who are used to very simple crafting systems like World of Warcraft and other theme park MMOs.  In a theme park MMO you would mine ore, refine it into bars, then use that to create items.  On The Repopulation each ore gives different properties to a finished product (armor penetration, damage, resistance, movement speed, critical hit).  Ores also come in varying grades with a letter prefix A-F and an integer suffix 0-9 which can only be harvested by those with high skill in the corresponding ability.  So to make a very good quality Armor Fitting I would need to hire a Master Miner, and a Master Ore Refiner just to ensure that the metal bars I have are the best possible.  I would also need a Master Forager to gather plants, and a Master Chemist to synthesize the compounds I need.  I could do it all myself, but training 4 skills to such a high level would take months to attain.  Recipes are highly complex, and you will find yourself opening your web browser to check on agents, and sub-ingredients to make those agents quite often during crafting.  Once you do get the hang of it, though, it gets much easier and manageable.Cons- OtherThe graphics leave something to be desired.  The engine seems old, so the models ingame from players to NPCs to the environment are lower quality than most people are used to in 2015.  As an alpha game there are some bugs and glitches that still need to be ironed out.  You can phase through objects when zoning between areas, and the combat seems clunky rather than fluid.  With a still new player base, everyone's still in that learning process so it gets frustrating at times when trying to find others to help you build cities or craft items that you need.  The game is not easy to play and requires some thinking.  After playing the game for two weeks it feels like I took college courses in Chemistry, Geology, Mechanical Engineering.  If you're looking to just zone out, then the crafting system isn't for you.  But the combat and doing missions is still very viable for someone not looking to get too involved.For a quick overview here are the numbers:There are about 15 different weapon types you can choose from.There are currently 100 or so skills you can choose to specialize in.There are around 1,000 recipes to choose from when crafting.There are 60,000 levels for each skill.Level 500 Mining took me about 1 week of gametime to reach, but each higher level takes more and more time.Simple crafting recipes require about 4 different ingredients to create.Advanced crafting recipes require about 20 different ingredients.There are 52 types of harvestable nodes in the game (ores, wood, plants...)Each harvestable resource can be further broken down or combined with other resources to create even more complex components.Quick Tips:There are no levels in this game besides your levels in each skill.  Someone can have 6000 points in Fishing, but have 0 in Combat.Monsters become easier/harder to kill depending on your weapon type and your armor type.To get ""better"" weapons and armor, you must add Fittings to them to add stats.Weapons and Armor have almost no stats besides Physical Resistance without Fittings.The world is mostly player-owned apart from the starting cities.The economy is 80% player-run and 20% vendors and NPCs.The world is large.  It takes a very long time to traverse the landscape on foot, which is made easier with vehicles."
76561198011188297,Recommended,322300,13890367,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,That_Imperial_Officer,"I highly recomend this game for players at full release.Currently, it is in early access, and I only recomend it to those who want to bug test, activly give feedback to the developers, and tolerate a game with immense bug and glitch issues. Never buy an early access game unless that is what you are intending. Early access is not typicly for people who want to simply play a game, or people who want to test to see if they will enjoy it later. People who do this usually get a poor first impression and do not enjoy the full game, when they would have loved it at release had they not been turned off by their early access experience.Now for my actual review:This game is making huge strides at recreating the Star Wars Galaxies Pre-NGE gameplay. So much to the point that I ditched the emulator for it to participate in this games alpha/beta proccess. I can not give any comparisons to ultima online however, as I never touched that game due to personal circumstances.What this game does well is truly allow you to be what ever you want, with out a scripted story or class system get in the way. I my self love linear stories for single player expiereinces, but I never could get behind it in an MMO setting.Other things are:-Completly open world-Die hard sandbox-Caters to both PVE and PVP players without comprimisng either types play quality(VERY important to me, as I prefer PVE)-Ability to play your entire time without being a combatant, yet still fill a very important role.(Weapon Smith, Docter, Entertainer [Yes those are actually a BIG role], Resource gatherer, Cook, etc)-Ability to build your own cities (As in custom build the structures and interiors) so long as you have the people. If you get enough folk to join you, they will start to fill the NPC pop and provide quests for you-Better quest system. You get quests in the mail based on reputation. You can filter them to recieve only the quest types you want (I.E. Combat only, Resource gather only, Delivery run only)- Good Charecter customization-Excellent skill systemAnd many more features I can not rememeber at 1:35 AMThis game does have issues, but none of them are really GAME issues so much as BUG issues.Over all, I highly recomend when it comes out. Right now though, only buy if you intend on bug testing and giving feedback for the devs. I enjoy simply playing it in the proccess, but I also have an abnormaly high tolerance for masive bugs and unfinished features. If you want to enjoy minimal bugs and fully fleshed out gameplay, early access is not for you."
,Recommended,322300,16893344,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,iSpoon.UK,"I recently bought this on steam for £15, it truly is SWG 2.I've been really impressed with the level of customization, especially with player cities.The crafting system is complex. There is a grading system in place. 50 grade levels with F0 - A9 that applies to components, ingredients and the actual items crafted. There is a big learning curve with the crafting system and it is designed so you are dependent on other crafting professions for certain high level components.There is the normal AH, accessible from anywhere that also allows you to place work order for others to fill (think EVE).The levelling system isn't straight forward, it is similar to SWG (from what I can remember) but not exactly the same. You pick up a weapon and the beginner skills, and you level it by using the weapon. When you reach a certain level you unlock an ability, but you do not get the ability yet. There are two ways to attain the ability, one is to spend training points which are given to you for completing missions. Mission completion can also give reward you directly with a choice of ability. It's a little hard to explain.Another element of the skill/levelling system is Skill Imprinting points. All sorts of in game actions can reward you with SI points, which you can then invest in the relevant skills to give your level a boost.There are two main factions warring with each other, and you can create your own third faction and align them with either main faction. I've not had a chance to play with this feature yet but as far as I know you can change your alignment at any time.Combat seems pretty good to me but needs a little work. You can roll like in GW2 and there are a lot of combat classes such as Rifles, Automatic weapons, grenades, aerosol, bladed weapons, unarmed, blunt weapons, martial arts, axe, handguns, probably a few more and you can dual wield some of them. And shields.There are healing abilities that require a healing scanner in the main hand, so any class can heal but it requires swapping out your weapon.Anyone can play the entertainer class that dances and tells stories to give buffs. You can only do this in a ""rest"" zone, which comes in the shape of inner city bars or player placed tents when out in the wild. You can tame animals with animal handling or buy them from a genetic engineer, use robots made by robotics, go fishing, logging, foraging or mining. Place harvesters, get into hacking or diplomacy. Culinary arts can make food buffs, stims made by pharmacists. There are stylists, interior decorators, disguises, stealth, traps and quite a number more that I've not mentioned such as armour/weapons crafting etc.I know that every time a new game comes out, someone makes a huge post listing all the great features it has and tries to get people hyped. We're all a bit above that kind of hype train nonsense now but I hope that the info I've given is of some help."
76561198038946455,Recommended,322300,14941116,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Pius,"over 500hrs on record, so I'm not a paid hyper.  wish I was one though...*hint hint*The game is in alpha, if you gripe about buggy stuff in betas, or full releases, stay away from this game in it's current state.  The game needs a lot of polish, and can, at times, rattle a nerve or two.  However, the game is fully playable, has a great community, great staff, and great development team.  You will almost certainly never see anything about thievery in the game.  Arguments are generally quick, and allowed to vent themselves out.  The whole atmosphere of the game is very helpful.Developers are constant presence on the forums for, both, Steam and the main site.  In-game GM's are a constant, and interactive presence.  9.5 of 10 times you need a GM for something, there is one there for you.  You whispers GM's directly for any questions, or help with bugs.  For the most part, the community will help with trying to resolve your problems before you need to speak with a GM though.  We answer the same tired questions from new people like they did for us when we were new, and nobody complains about it.Never be afraid to ask any questions in the game.  You'll always find someone to answer your question, and without belittlement.As for the actual gameplay itself:Pros -1. There's an immensely huge crafting system that will wreck your frail little minds.2. There's vehicles, and mounts.3.  There's an entire line of skills and crafting focused around taming, training, and healing pets; which can be used as mounts as they evolve.4. There's PvP.  However, atm the PvP system is a bit goofy, and arena based.  There are PvP contested areas in the world, but not currently activated for PvP combatants.  Like, you can go there, kill mobs and stuff, but can't be Pk'ed.  That will change with upcoming patches.  Also, there will be a hardcore, full Open PvP with loop drops.  This hardcore PvP server will be every definition of Hardcore.5.  You can mine, fish, gather plants, log, and set harvester machines down to do the looting for you.6.  The economy is player driven, so there is a lot of trade going on constantly.  I'm not going to lie to you though, at the game's current state, the market hotly debated upon.  There's this whole grade quality vs demand thing vs skill thing going on...  It would read to be more complicated and broken than it really is, so you'd have to experience it for yourself to understand it.7.  There are many, many different wpn choices you can choose to specialize in.8.  The world is huge, and it can take a long time to travel to some places.9.  There's player housing, both, instanced and open world.10.  There's player built and run cities.11.  There will be flight.  There was talks that once drakes are tamable, you can fly them as mounts.12.  There will be space flight, and other planets in future expansions of content.I'm sure there's a lot I'm leaving out, but I've listed a good bit.Cons -1.  Endless bugs and glitches.  (it's alpha, stuff happens)2.  The whole economy, and crafting system can be very overwhelming to new players.  At times it can still be confusing for old people.3.  Crafting needs a lot of love.  There are aspects of the crafting system that are hotly debated, and need some serious tweaking.4.  Not everything is in the game yet.  (like I said, it's alpha.)  Some things you're just going have to cope with.5.  You will get stuck a lot.  Happens to everyone, and is usually fixable with a number of in-game commands, or other tricks.6.  Things will go invisible, and you will have to exit to desktop a lot.7.   The map systems are glitchy, and at times will white-out, blackout, or brown-out; causing you to exit to desktop.8.  You're going to experience periodic server crashes.  They are not frequent, so you don't have to worry about crashing every ten minutes.9.  Questing system is glitched, and needs a lot of love.  Some quest you cannot complete, the tracking system is far from helpfu, and the rewards need a tweaking.10.  There is night and day system in the game in which NPC's are highly reliable on.  Most NPC's are out only during the day, but some are out only during the night.  This can make questing difficult, and confusing.There's a lot more I could put here, but I'm not here to scare anyone off.  The overall game-play is still very fun, very doable, and highly worth it in my opinion.  As I've repeated several times in this review, it's an Alpha game, we as a player in an Alpha Phase game, you are /will be a tester.  Testers report the bugs encountered to help improve the game.If you feel you can be patient, helpful, and want to make a difference in something, I encourage you to purchase this game and join us.  We're all friends here; even the people we dislike we get along with.  That's the type of community we have.  A good one."
76561198136383896,Recommended,322300,13790949,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,marziniraltheon,"This project is what most 30-something gamers have been craving after being disappointed with a plethora of WOW clones and action-only themeparks over the last ten years. It is the first alpha I found worthy of paying for. A do-whatever-the-heck-you-want sandbox with unmatched versitility. No more running to npcs to get quests-they are mailed to you whilst you are doing whatever else. Don't like the quest? Delete it, another is on the way.  Such is The Repopulation. A bastion of potential. But your fun won't be completely unhindered:-Unfinished graphics (althought the landscape looks quite good)-Memory leak from the graphics engine that cause most systems to crash periodically. I experience it about once every 45 mins. with 4gb ram and a 650ti. This will be fixed with the hero 3 engine build at some point before launch.-A lower frame rate that what you are accustomed to. This is because the game is currently running on Direct X 9c--Direct X 11 is coming, which means higher fps and  better overall appearance. To maximize fps, set draw distance at 50% and turn off shadows and anti-aliasing.But even with all this, I still keep coming back. This is a noble project and a worthy place for mature gamers to call home."
,Recommended,322300,20382014,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,MoonKat,Servers have been shut downDevelopment DelayedWill recommend [cause it is awesome] once it comes back online
,Recommended,322300,13585701,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TheToRN,"For an alpha game to pay $30+- seemed crazy.From the outstart I had plenty of technical issues. When I hadnt even begin to play the game.  Like most people who spend money on a game(even alphas) I felt seriously frustrated at the black screens (that should have loading bars) camera position glitches, no mouse showing on screen, delay in game play (cause its still downloading game items in the background)But this was put to rest very quickly because of one simple reason.Support is AWSOME!!!!!!!!!Quick turn around times to answering my technical questions like I have never seen before, from any of the major game manufactorers. Less than 15 minutes on my last query !!!!And to receive an answer that actually solved my technical issue instead of a typcial scripted response, which normaly  sends me down a long winding rabbit hole to never getting my problem solved, made the feeling of being duped out of money disapear very quickly ( unlike my scar from the burn of SimCity, EA I will never forget !)It gives me confidence that its a well spend investment on a Game, that clearly is drive and funded by the community. As long as they dont lose site of looking after the players needs/wants and problems.  It will always be worthwhile Buying this game now or in the future."
,Recommended,322300,14084253,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BungDuck,"Play the turorial ALL of the turorial READ the turorial, Dream of what your dream character would be plan your skills to make that dream character, Get a vehicle, EXPLORE! gather and mine EVERYTHING once you're tired of that go do so combat then go back to gathering then maybe you can craft, when in doubt hit G.The game is still very much in alpha and as you play there will be things that make that obvious to you.As a SWG vet I approve."
,Recommended,322300,23138932,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Talrose,"The developers had to deal with the engine they were using essentially getting canned, so they've been working on converting the entire game to the Unreal engine.  In the mean time, everyone who bought the game gets a free copy of Fragmented.  Be patient people, The Repopulation will return.At least that is the hope.  They seem to be working very hard on it, though."
76561198077368647,Recommended,322300,15359292,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Willie,"As a displaced veteran of gaming, I found myself wandering from genre to genre, game to game looking for a suitable replacement.  I wanted an experience that I felt I had been cheated of.  My only regret is that I didn't find or try The Repopulation sooner.There are some games that come along once in a lifetime and build memories that haunt you through every MMO you attempt to play after that.  For me, SWG was that game.  That once, That feeling.....The Repopulation has filled that void and turned the once in a lifetime into twice.  Still being polished and updated with every patch, this game holds interest and attention with command.  With offerings to suit the crafter, gatherer, warrior, dancer, story teller, medic, doctor, farmer....  you get the picture.  The essence of this game is being.  Simply being.If you have been looking for a sandbox, this is the one.  No theme park, no single road.  This is truly ""make your own adventure"".  Pair that with enhanced player based cities and housing.  Seiges and a truly player driven economy, incredible....  simply incredible.  I would (and have) recommended this to all my friends and SWG displaced communities.Thanks for listening."
,Recommended,322300,13619205,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Slynoceros,"If you're unable to find a server as I was because I'm a dungus, follow these steps1. Right click game, ""view CD key""2. Copy paste it3. go to website you registered too, and use that key4. ????5. profitI honestly didn't... I don't know mabye they'll be someone out there with the same thing haha I'm just dumb but hopefully this helped some neegus"
76561198041982295,Recommended,322300,14647186,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dupirmarch,"A crafting system with complexity depth and variety that's second to none. This alone keeps me playing.EDITAnd after having played for almost a month and 500+ hours I'm still as hooked as  ever into this deep, evolving, and fun filled world. I've stolen from every nation and got strong enough to kill guards that try and catch me. Aspired to open my own restaurant and become a cook for a rogue nation.There's just so much to do and work on, to skill up and learn. It's completely natural to be overwhelmed by it all at first, and you will be. Don't give up and you'll have a really fun time."
76561198024127460,Recommended,322300,18421194,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,hboyftw,"I will start by saying I started playing mmos back in the days of Asheron's Call. I loved it and after a while I moved on to Guild Wars and then Star Wars Galaxies. If any of you remember SWG you know that the game had a tremendous cult following in the world of mmos. WoW came out and SOE decided that their games should be pulling as much revenue as Blizzard was doing. They ended up murdering alot of what I loved about SWG though I continued to play it for a while afterwards. In the end though I just ended up going to WoW because it was a more polished game that was sticking with the vision the devs had set out for. SWG died and I played WoW for years... buying expansions as they came out. If anyone keeps up with WoW you know that it has lost half of its player base with the recent expansion not delivering on the hype of the previous xpacs. I again stuck around and gave the game a chance hoping it would pick back the pace but it just did not happen for me. So I went on a binge of trying different mmos until my buddy told me about this gem. I have to say that the game has alot of potential. Giving that we are still in alpha and how fun the game is I am very excited to see what the game will play like when it goes live.Pros:Sandbox Gameplay... This is where the game shines. Many mmos that claim to be sandbox are usually all hype and not enough substance. This game delivers at being very open ended. Even the quests are randomised and tailored to your character and the skills and approach you take.So many skills... Again I love this. There are no combat levels. Just your many skills you start off with and the choice is yours on what you want to level. If you want to be a melee then choose your weapon. The more you use it the more skill you will aquire with that weapon type. This is reflected in the crafting and non-combat skills too.The Crafting... OMG! If you like crafting in mmos and love complex and in depth systems such as SWG or the higher end minecraft mods... you will love the crafting in this game. There is so much to it you have to check it out to believe it.Other non-combat skills... Dancing, story telling, diplomacy... There are many things to do outside of combat. They claim that you can play the whole game without fighting. While I guess that is possible... I don't know if it is as feasable as they say but even still there are a slew of things to do outside of combat and crafting.Nation Building... While many games have guilds or clans that you can join this game takes a different approach and lets you create your own faction outside the two set ones called Nations. Nations are similiar to guilds except in a nation everyone outside your nation can attack you. You can form alliance with other nations to counter this but this takes building relations with other people which I find to be intriguing. The town building is very nice too and throwback again to SWG and older mmos where you can have your own housing and utility buildings for various things like shops and guildhalls.Pvp... While I haven't been able to explore alot into this yet I will say the vision of what is possible seems pretty cool. Being able to seige other player cities is the biggest addition and the devs are still implementing new systems to this. Again unlike WoW where you have just horde and alliance... this game allows you to build your own faction and thus making you a primary target for everyone. While there are ways around this it still brings alot of potential to pvp players who love open world type pvp.Animal Taming and Robots... The pet system on this game is good. The more your robotics or animal handling skill is... the more pets you can control at the price of a debuff. There are many features as well not seen in many mmos such as having to care and feed for your pets among other things.Graphical style... While alot of people shy away from the stylized graphics of this game I personally find them very suitable to the immersion. It does feel like mass effect and SWG met up and had a baby but that is perfectly fine with me since I loved both games.Free to play: and the devs swear that it won't be pay to win. We appreciate this.Cons:Stability: This is the main issue with the game right now. There is lag and crashes and just overall weird glitches rampant as of 10/10/2015. The next patch is suppose to clean alot of this out so I won't be too harsh on this. That being said this is the worst experience of the game at this stage.No instances: while this is a good thing too... I tend to find the lack of dungeon-crawling aside from the occasional cave or what-not. Just yea the pve could use a bit of a boost and not saying that instance dungeons are the way to go but in my experience this is where pve shines in mmos so the devs will just have to get creative on this aspect if they want the end game to keep those raiders hooked to this title.Crafting and other systems can be a bit overwhelming at times: Again this is both a positive and negative. I personally love the deep systems but alot of players will look at it and be like yea !@$! this. If you are familiar with crafting systems in WoW and other mmos this is by far much more sophisticated. If the devs give this kind of love to the other systems... i.e. pvp and pve that will be needed to keep a strong and dedicated player base going then yes this will be a fabulous mold of a different approach to all things mmo.So again this game is still in alpha so I am curious as to see what the devs have in store for future patches. If you are looking for a great mmo to get in on the early stages then look no further."
,Recommended,322300,15730242,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Veniym,"Okay, where to begin. Pro's Con's? Sure why not.-PROS-*In Depth Crafting Systems*Not a quick progressing game, Meaning, you get what you put into it.*PvP is not a must, but definately an option.*Be yourself (Play and progress any way you desire)*Massive World*Always something to do*Great community-CONS-*Still pretty buggy*Not the most asthetically gratifying - Yet*Huge learning curve^^^^^^^Thats really all that ive noticed^^^^^^^^^Okay, this is a review for its current pre-beta state. Graphics arent a huge priority for devs in this current stage, it WILL be polished by release. Ide much rather them get out content and fixes before worrying abt how it looks. If you dont like bugs, or occational crashes, or anything of that sort, dont play. If you enjoy learning the game as it progresses and molds over time, and knowing who is who from the beginning, BUY THIS GAME!!!Ive been checking back in with this game quite often to see what has changed. Now that i have some friends playing it makes it alot more enjoyable. Things are easier, and the entire game seems to have more just by adding 1 or 2 people to play with. Servers are not dead, but the world is so big its hard to find people in the open world."
76561197960403453,Recommended,322300,17496715,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,soupy21,"It's a great game. Fun to play, and the community is great. When you ask questions in General Chat, you typically get great answers and lots of help. Sometimes questions develop into larger discussions between more experienced players, and you learn even more.Crafting is deep, and develops over time. Vehicles, animal pets, robot pets, genetically engineered pets, guild housing, player housing, PvP large and small, this game has it all.This truly is a sandbox play-it-your way kind of game. No need to grind to Level 100 before you get to the ""fun stuff"". Start developing your combat skills right away, and within a short amount of time you will be strong and rich enough to outfit your character enough to tackle large group content. There are no traditional raids, but there are areas of the game where you'll find a ""Miniboss"" for 3-4 players, ""Boss"" for 5-8 players, ""Raid Boss"" for 10-16 players, ""Ultra Raid Boss"" for 24+ players. All in the open world. Fight creatures 10x your size!Do note that this game is currently in late Alpha phase, and Early Access. Yes the game has bugs, and frustrating patches. But you also have the benefit of seeing this great game grow and develop over time.Ever play a brand new game and there's some elite group of players that say things like ""I've been playing this for years"" or ""Things used to be different! Remember X Y Z"". Those players are from the Alpha and Beta phases of the game. Now is your chance to join those elite players before this game gets very popular."
,Recommended,322300,15968553,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Яedzy,"Where do I begin?At first, I was having trouble finding my way around and training center and getting used to the undeveloped parts of the movement and animations, which took some time. Once I popped out into the world, beginning my adventure in Freedom Town I almost instantly felt at home.The community in The Repopulation is beautiful, I haven't had such a good time just talking in the General / Trade chat since Goldshire in Vanilla WoW.The Repopulation is definitely not as casual as most MMORPG's out there and to this point I am still dying quite frequently in combat.Nonetheless, I absolutely adore where this game is going and will be proudly supporting it as much as I can.Considering I am currently studying Digital and Interactive Games, I am EXTREMELY impressed with the overall development progress and approach.If you are just starting out in The Repopulation, please give it some time. It can be frustrating and you can easily get lost, but I'm sure other players will assist you in anyway possible! Allow yourself to adapt to the game and you will enjoy it as much as I am.I can't wait to watch the progress, very big THUMBS UP."
,Recommended,322300,15789981,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,if you played SWG buy itif you like future games set in a open world environment with strong crafting and sandbox options - buy it faster
76561198021345592,Not Recommended,322300,16279806,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Eachna,"I'm somewhere between neutral and dislike on this game. It has it's fun elements, but the devs don't appear to understand what a sandbox game actually represents. While the game nominally supports multiple play styles, in practice the devs design the systems to force players into a very limited set of choices. It's not really a sandbox, it's an open world game with a permanently broken crafting system and a lot of missions.The more systems you have in a game, the more choices you should feel like you have. Instead, in Repop, so many of the systems they added are gated behind strict controls that it limits choice. The dev team has a few inflexible ideas on how the game ""should"" be played and they don't seem trust their future player base, so players end up with only a few inflexible options.One of the biggest draws of the old-school sandbox games Repop is supposed to be emulating is that the players were allowed a lot of latitude in what they did. That latitude is not here.A lot of fuss is made over the crafting system. Crafting has a lot of pieces and an obtuse interface, so it's easy to mistake it for a deep and interesting system. It's _confusing_, but it's not at all deep. After figuring it out, it becomes clear that it's messy and shallow and requires very little thought. Given the same pile of ingredients, a ""smart"" player and a ""stupid"" player will make exactly the same items. I would much prefer a system that allowed for intelligent decision-making on the part of the players.The materials chain has been designed so that all but one-fifth to two-fifths of the in-game production is useless. Most resources are useless. Most items you can create are useless. Despite designing the harvesting and crafting this way there's no system to constructively absorb all the useless cruft.The economy is only partially player-driven. Having figured out fairly early in the process that they were too ambitious with the crafting system, the devs integrated inexpensive vendors and common loot drops of key items that are too complex or too boring to be supplied entirely by players. Have fun slaving away clicking thousands of times to skill up making circuit boards or copper wires that can be looted off any NPC human opponent, just so you can be a provider of the high-quality versions.Lore and back story is frankly...stupid. Even the most loyal players make fun of the lore on the forums. Not surprisingly, the lore is never discussed in interviews other than to say it's an original universe.At the time I'm writing this combat is very uneven, but it has gone through a few balance passes and there's always hope they'll get something better. Right now it's almost as bad a joke as the lore.The systems have been pulled from older popular MMO's with very little thought of how they fit together. Like Star Wars Galaxies? You'll find creature handlers, imagine designers, and entertainers. The skill system has been lifted from Ultima Online. The siege system was borrowed from somewhere else. Endless re-cloning and some of the market mechanics come from Eve Online. Because the dev team is trying to recreate so many different games at once but have skipped the planning stage where they consider how the different systems inform the world, nothing fits together. It's just like the crafting..a lot of overly complicated or broken systems shimmed together with vendors and patches.If you're wiling to ride their rails, the game can be fun. If you want an old-school sandbox experience, I would look elsewhere."
76561197960626849,Not Recommended,322300,29258004,Posted: 14 January,all,SharT Magician,"DO NOT BUYThe Repopulation WAS a sci fi sandbox mmo, trying to be a resemblance of the great game Star Wars Galaxies.  The devs were fans of SWG and listened to the community and were going to make a great game that pleased fans of the sandbox mmo genre.  The game showed some promise, even though it was in some early stages of development.Then the drama happened.First the servers came down in December of 2015.  The developers claimed that the engine they used was tied to the servers the game was on, and Idea Fabrik, the company that ran them was having problems, so they needed to switch to unreal engine and that would take a while and we needed to wait.  In the mean time we all got a free survival game that was somehow going to help Repopulation come out sooner.  No big deal right?WRONG.As of January 2017 we got an update and it makes no sense considering the above facts.Repopulation was originally done in Hero engine with servers provided by Hero Cloud which was all apart of the company Idea Fabrik.Idea Fabrik has now purchased the Repopulation from the old devlopers and is putting it back on Hero engine, on Hero Cloud.IT LITERALLY MAKES NO SENSE.So we couldn't play the game we paid for, for over a year because Idea Fabrik was having problems, yet here we are getting Idea Fabrik as the new devs and going back to the old engine and servers?The same old engine that the devs said we needed to move away from?Basically this game is doomed, the old devlopers at least showed a love for this game/genre and really wanted to make something great.  The new team can't possibly have that same passion they had and if the old developers were right about the importance of switching to unreal engine, we are probably stuck with a bad engine.I do not blame the new developers taking over and will gladly give them a shot when the servers come up in Q1 2017.  But a lot of us are not happy with how the old team handled this game and the future is looking pretty grim for it.  But, I will gladly rewrite this review when the new team gets everything together, but even then, I don't have high expectations.EDIT:If you have an issue with the reveiw leave comments instead of just downvoting so I can address the issue.Otherwise it seems like fanboys ignoring facts."
,Not Recommended,322300,28680473,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Asvarduil,"Once upon a time, I bought The Repopulation for $39.99.  It had good ideas, bugs, and interesting gameplay.  I put it on the shelf to wait for a few patches to come and go before trying again.Then, 2016 - the year of worst luck - came.  The developers appear to have been forced to abandon Repop, as they've put out a generic survival game with some Repop assets.  Supposedly, they're converting Repop to the Unreal Engine, away from Hero Engine.I can't undertake my normal ""What Works?"", ""What Doesn't Work?"", and ""The TL;DR"" format with this game, as it's inoperable, and possibly still under rewrite in a new engine.  Therefore, this re-review is anautomaticNot Recommended, until the game is restored and can be properly evaluated.I would like for them to bring Repop back, because it had interesting ideas, and I would like to provide feedback.  Until then, don't spend money for a game that doesn't actually exist.  Look elsewhere."
,Recommended,322300,14604359,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,bluefootedpig,"While I haven't played much in this game, I am only really waiting until the release to dive deep into this game. It has so much, and what is best is that you don't feel limited. You aren't a ""class"". I can spend time fishing with buddies, each of us working on our skill, then I can go off hunting.The game has no skill cap, but rather has diminishing returns on the odds of getting a skill up. So the long term players will be better, but that gap means less as you get higher up.The crafting is insane, basically you can't make things from start to finish, well you can, but it won't turn out well. Each item made is often used in another process to make something else. Each step of the process takes into account the crafters skill with that specific receipe. This means you can be awesome at making batteries, but horrible at refining ore.This means you can work a niche. I have met people who are basically only doing a few items, and they made good money.The bard buffs (dancing) seem nice.I recommend this game to people who don't like class systesm, want a very niche type crafting system, and more or less just someone who doesn't want to feel like they wasted time by helping a friend."
76561198094075679,Recommended,322300,14060324,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,thurstyone,"After reading lots of reviews about it being like SWG - I decided to give it a go. I spent a day wandering aorund, getting killed, getting lost and making many many mistakes. Loved it :)"
76561197972524635,Recommended,322300,15289034,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Pentarian,"I wanted to log a few hours into this game before I gave a review.   Leaving a review of an alpha game is kind of tough so this will be more of a first impression than anything else.   I’m a crafter, so this review will come from that standpoint.There is definitely a resemblance to SWG and Ultima online when you play this.  It’s a game where the crafting actually matters.  If you want to run dungeons to get uber gear this isn’t the game for you.  If you want to be known on the server for being able to craft some of the most sought after items then you will have a home here.The crafting is immense and can take some time to get into.   Most items need many components to craft.  The components come from several branches of crafting.  You can learn them all but it takes time to raise your skill.  Some of the items you can craft are:Robots (pets)Genetically Engineered Animals (pets)ImplantsHarvesters (mineral, wood, water and so on)Housing ItemsWeapon and Armor FittingsVehiclesAnd many, many more items.The crafting can be difficult to understand at times but the community is great help.  After about a week I was able to make my first robots.  There is a work order system so if you need mats you can request them there.  There is also the ability to have your own shop merchant at your house or in the city if you belong to a player nation that has built a city.There will be nation vs. nation pvp and city sieges (Mechs).  There will be hardcore and standard servers.Abilities include pet taming and vet skills (You can raise a mount).  You can be an entertainer or diplomat.   There is no class system, you only limited by the skills you pick up (and you can get them all).There is definitely a lot more to cover but I haven’t gotten into much more yet.  I’ve got about 90 hours in and feel that I have barely scratched the surface.If you enjoyed SWG and games like Dark Age of Camelot this game is probably for you..."
,Recommended,322300,16672432,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Snarfster42,"Started playing under early access three days ago. Already addicted.Somehow I always end up being a crafter in games like this. The crafting system in this game is beyond anything I've seen until now. As a former Star Wars Galaxies player, I always thought the crafting system there was the best. This game has basically taken that concept to a new level.Mind you, if you want to be a solo-do-everything player, you might be in for a rough ride. Yes, you can easily explore and fight on your own, but for the bigger projects it's essential to team up. (And more fun).Be it fighting, animal handling, mining or fishing, it's all here, in massive detail.Big thumbs up, will be playing this for a while to come."
,Recommended,322300,13595463,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The Architect,"The game immerses you into a realm of the unknown which only adds to the addiction factor. The tutorial gives you the very basics of gameplay and then you're left to explore and learn the depth of this beautiful game.The developers really spent time developing the complex systems instead of story. They are working to provide a complete sandbox that will allow you to adventure the way you want to; logger, miner, fisherman, flower picker, looter, weaponsmith, droidsmith, vehicle engineer, armorsmith, creature tamer, rifleman, hangun enthusiast, unarmed combatant, blunt weapons expert, dance, storyteller, and many many more.If you get lost, just ask someone around you (or in General chat) a few questions. This is a social game. Don't be afraid to be social. Some believe that games should be centered around the social and community aspects; these guys nailed. I can forsee a day when the cantina of a player city is filled up with individuals wanting to get buffed before a large PVP battle.If you're looking for a complete and finished product, you may want to let this cook some more; but if you'd like to jump ahead of the rest and understand the complexity of the game before everyone else, BUY IT NOW!!!"
,Recommended,322300,14413080,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Durai,"If you like Star Wars :Galaxies you would love this, its basicly the same thing just...well just more amazing! Great game so far, ran into very few bugs as an alpha game.Now im updating this since i have the time,There are lots of neat features that alot of players from SW:G would see.Skills: This is the primary element of the game, Skills progress as you play. The more you shoot Automatic weaponry, The more it goes up. The more you harvest Plants the more your Flora skill goes up, The more you craft weaponry, ect. This makes the game more time consuming yes, but at the same time you do not have to put a full 12 hours of gameplay to progress, For instance if you only have 2 hours a day to game you can still get to do things others do, Granted it will take you longer than someone who spends 12-18 hours a-day but still you can do it too with no restrictions other than your time.Gameplay: This element of the game can be played majority in two ways, RPG mode; Simple understanding, Movement keys work and you use your mouse and keyboard to play like you would in World of Warcraft.[ Not comparing just saying that you use number keys to use skills and what not]So basicly your standard MMO controls almost with key differnces that are easily seen when you play.Action Mode: This mode is my personal fav when it comes to combat. This mode turns the game into a Fake shooter, You aim with the mouse you get a crosshair and you attack with your left and right mouse buttons. There are ALOT of bonuses to this, If using guns you can AIM and hit Certain areas dealing more or less damage. making combat more fast pace you can still use # keys for skills, The only thing that changes ins the control scheme.So i use RPG mode for everything else but combat mostly. If i feel lazy i will use RPG to attack. In RPG mode damage is mostly chest as spread is wider in RPG mode with guns. (This as if firing a gun from the hip its more inaccurate yeah?)Sandbox Features: These features plays a major role later on, I have yet to buy one i am working on my offical character now but with these features you can do several things, so far what i can tell there are going to be Three memberships which are all going to be a ONETIME PAYMENT, Silver, Gold, Plat. Gold and Plat can both make towns/cities while plat will get access to Nation. Not sure as this is Early Access so i do not know the Release prices. Nations are part of the Sandbox features as this makes you a Rouge faction, This is a playermade faction. (Sorta like guilds) Now i know what everyone is thinking. ""OH GREAT I HAVE TO PAY REAL CASH TO HAVE A GUILD"" You may have to MAKE ONE, but joining a nation that exist is going to be the better option early on, as a Nation your going to have alot more problems. Such as the old faction likly to start hating you more. (You deserted what'cha expect Cake and cookies? This aint no girl scout army) You will be able to make houses with out needing to pay at all. housing will let you do several things, Craft, Party, Live. housing lets you place Crafting devices, Decorate, Invite your friends over and entertain them and ect. so this is one of the fun features. No info on towns/cities yet.No combat needed: This is added to the game where you do not ever need to swing a sword, Fist,shoot a gun ever. You can do all the crafting and everything not involing combat if thats what you want with out ever equiping weapons.Now onto the Cons i see of this game.Grindy!: This game is grindy beyond grindy. Skills require you to use that skill stuff to advance it.Lengthy: This game needs people who are Dedicated to playing when they can, Otherwise you wasted your time even looking at the game, But if you think you would like it give it a try but make sure your willing to try to put time and effort into the game.Slow: This game is not going to let you max your skills in a week, a month, or likely in a year, If you were to focus on one skill it would likely take you six months to max it out and from what ive heard, the skills max out at 60,000 points, and you gain your skill one point at a time.Alpha: This game being in alpha is a Con unto its self, its a great game so, if your not willing to support and report bugs and such, Dont even bother with the game IT IS NOT COMPLETE!Huge amount of skills: Over 75 different skills to use, and you can use em all. But to master EVERY skill would take even the most constant gamer  years to do so. Its like Eve online They do not go easy on you.The pros of the game are a smaller list but more impactful.Nice Community: The community is nice and helpful, there is always someone there to help you.Great gameplay: the gameplay is amazing and the Random gen quests dont stop, Always something to do.Amazing stability: There are so few game breaking bugs as far as i can tell, Ive ran into the minor/annoying bugs and a few Quest stoppers. But for this game being in alpha its great. Never crashed once."
,Recommended,322300,14584505,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Wavingwalker,"This game is so similar to star wars galaxy pre-NGE, I found myself enjoying other elements other than just fetch quests as seen in mmo nowdays, interesting crafting, good social elements.. The community so far is pretty great.The game itself is not without fault (minor bugs, likesound or music stopping and a UI that could use some work), but it still is in early devellopement. It shows great promises.on another note don't get that game if you are expecting mindblowing graphics ;)"
76561197989579424,Not Recommended,322300,24834063,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Erudite Incubus,"Currently paying the price for banking on the notorious HeroEngine initially, The Repopulation while not exactly dead, is going through the long and painful process of migrating and rebuilding assets on a new, FAR more superior and user friendly game engine.Will revisit when Repopulation is repopulated."
,Recommended,322300,15192507,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,KG_Middian,"I don't really write reviews much any more unless a game is extremely bad or extremely good since Repop falls under one of these categories here I goRating 15/10Yes that's right you see it 15/10 is the rating I give Repop and I'll you'll find out whyRepop is a Sci-fi sandbox mmo that in my eye's is more of an amazing futuristic VR world feel perfectly combined with all the RPG elements we love and on top of that they expand and made every system their own.Repop gets a 10 out of 10 just for being amazing and allowing you complete freedom and systems that are not only unique but perfectly set up.  The extra 5 points is for the fact that with all it's greatness it's still in early access beta which is impressive.  Most alpha's I enter always end up with the game being unplayable whereas Repop is not.  Keep in mind there is bugs, and stuff going haywire from time to time but the bug reporting system in game and on the forums are constantly watched, there's even GM's in game pretty much 24hours a day for in game help and most of the time the GM's have your problem fixed without you even needing to leave the game.I definately suggest you drop all the games your playing and get this game but before you do I have a few tips for starting out.REPOP is not your traditional ""handholding"" rpg, you are not guided to your next step.  it's more of a here's what you need to survive , and ya get kicked out the door.   Some people find this frustrating others love it the best way to look at it I think is to think of it this way, say you get your memory wiped and get dropped off in a different country where nobody knows you what do you do? Well ya don't just sit there and whine about it you get off your but and do what you can to survive, make money, and work your way up the ladder, well that's Repop.When you first get into the game after you created your character and everything you will be put into the tutorial area.  This area is where you will learn the basics of playing this game.  In most MMO's gamers generally just click through the chatting and use the mission tracker and map to do the quests this technique might work well in other games but DO NOT click through,  read everything you can , absorb all the information given to you in the tutorial zone because if you don't you'll spend hours out in the real world going ""How the hell"" and spend more time figuring it out that it would've taken you to listen to the trainer.Along with the fact that this game is decades ahead of any other game I've played (which is a lot) in terms of systems, features and game mechanics it's definately a must buy and the community of players repop has drawn in are an amazing bunch, they are helpful, active, dedicated , and understand the importance of community and ultimately it's that aspect that makes or breaks a game.Repopulation is amazing definately worth every penny the Devs, Community , support and GM's are the best their is and really dedicated to bringing the best experience to all of us"
76561198150779935,Recommended,322300,14360293,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Baracka,"Firstly i would like to say ty for the Devs who have helped me through alot of bugs which havent all been solved yet and they are still currently working on. Having said that i have had a few hours on to try it out so here goes. Alot of people are comparing it to SWG i played SWG from beginning to end and in my honest opinion...not even close yes entertainer and popping down harvies is abit like it, but this game blows SWG away the combat and game mechanics are much more like entropia universe tbh except you dont have to pay real cash for items like ammo etc . Dont get me wrong i played entrpoia universe for a long time as well and spent alot of money also and is a very good game :/ This has clean well worked graphics (carnt understand the reviews i read about combat either i found it to be really good). You will find that there is so much to do and learn you wont be just in it for an hour but weeks of making the perfect character, Im a scout at heart and so ive been checking out the pet system which is really good, stealth again nice :) harvesting i could go on with that one for hours lol really good, ive only been crafting things that i need for healing my pets etc but the list for making things is near endless. the cities are not quite complete but are really well done. Entertainer just makes me pee myself yes that bit is abit like SWG only funnier and more entertaining. Ive not gone out laying harvies yet becoause of the issues ive had (getting logged out) so i havent had chance to do that side of things, hopefully these will be sorted soon (crosses fingers) but if like entropia this progresses to more planets space travel etc etc it will be the game to beat because evean at this stage it has me hooked and belive me im hard to please nowadays. The other question i see peaple ask is that is it worth paying for? Answer: in all honesty i dont think it should be free to play i think its worth paying for so in my opinion when completed it should be a buy to play people pay out all the time for shoddy hyped up games with no content and i think this game will hit the top of any game chart when finished. so if you can deal with a few bugs and getting cut off from time to time go get it. as i said the Devs are working hard and do talk to you and help you out its already a 10/10 for me and its got massive potential to get bigger and better. P.S i still play the SWGemu and Entropia Universe,,,,well until i get the full chat at this baby then the missis will probebly kick me out with my computer ;)"
,Recommended,322300,14443256,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Sci-Tek,"Long have I looked for a MMO which apply to me, in my opinion a game should be about doing what you want and while you do it you shall have a very fun time doing so.In many ways The Repopulation seem to be spot on, the crafting is very comprehensive, thers no doubt that this game was made by gamers who are really into crafting, having to ensure quality for every piece in order to have the highest end product is just spot on if you ask me.Skill system is very interresting, we have seen in done before and with great success, you don't have any char levels, instead you gain skills by using the respecive tools, weapons or crafting.. theres even skill gain on using a mount!You can easily switch between RPG mode (WOW style) and FPS, personally i perfer combat pulling in RPG mode for then to switch to FPS mode, during crafting or gathering professions my choice is clearly RPG view.Everything in this game is based on players themself supplying eachother, and they don't make days long enough for you to do everything on your own (ofc you can still try), but eventually you'll have to settle with what best suits your playstyle and what you want to do. Want to switch later on? Sure, just start doing it, thers no limit as to how many skills of professions you can learn. Personally a perfer mining along with some simple hunting.You remember Project Entropia (later on Entropia Universe)? This game is much similar to it, crafting is way more advanced and challenging, but mining isn't and thats maybe something which has to change, there was many miners in PE and the way you mined there is something that beats WOW-mining style any day of the week. Who wants braindead mouse clicking on a pixelrock? Not me. Im crossing my fingers for devs to look at different opportunities.I'll clearly recommend this game to anyone interested in getting involved in the development of a game and leaning the game early on. It's far from launchable and new content along with fixes are added all the time. The potential of this game is pretty much limitless and if done correctly this game has the potential to be a very good game for many years to come.Keep in mind tho, game will be F2P, what this means for server cost vs income per player is to early to tell, but thers no doubt that as I predicted some years back, F2P game are here to stay. But they also bring with them new challenges and in my eyes there havent been that many ""successfull"" F2P games, atleast which did apply to me.Looking at the current state, my best guess is that the game is about a year away from releasing."
,Recommended,322300,16432465,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NiHZ,"Recommended as long as you don't mind buggy alpha development phase. If you can't handle that, wait until beta. Animations and a lot of visual things are, quite frankly, -terrible-. However, the gameplay is solid. There is so much to do, the map is already huge, and it looks like it can expand easily when the developers decide to. There's a potential to really find yourself a niche in the game's community where you can excel, which I think it my favourite part. Nobody can do -everything-, so whatever you choose to do, someone's going to need what you make. Some people are saying that there's too much for skills and crafting, but I say there can't be too much. The more there is, the more you can specialize, and the more you can come together as a community [or a nation!] to get things done and done well. I think nation building is going to be huge, with that kind of a mechanic, with leaders bringing people together and organizing their members to do what needs to be done for the betterment of their group, unlike other games where you don't -really- need anyone else to get by.Just got it a few days ago and I keep playing, but I'm still just poking around the main town and the couple maps out from it, just like someone else said. If you play, expect to start slow. I advise you ignore everything but the basics to start, get comfortable with the game mechanics, then slowly ease yourself into crafting something. I'm definitely going with Animal Handling for my main mastery! Still need to dive into the crafting a bit more. :D"
,Recommended,322300,14889678,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Disasterbate,"At the time of writing this, I haven't played very much. But what I have seen, I absolutely adore. As a big Star Wars Galaxies veteran still upset by its closing years later, this is a huge relief to me. It's very nostalgiac to me to play The Repopulation.Since the game is still early access, I can't hold all it's flaws against it. This is a work in progress afterall. That being said, I would highly recommend this to sandbox game fans and my fellow SWG vets as well."
,Recommended,322300,14717603,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Óðinn,"To be fair, I have been following the game for quite a bit, I bought it with the Gold Pack, I believe this game as an amazing potential, specially since it follows a lot of steps from one of the best sandbox MMOs in history, so I do think this is a viable buy and probably one of the few that won't disapoint even in its worse state situations! just hope the game keeps on rocking!"
76561198039225338,Recommended,322300,13857169,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,natedawgusmc,"This game has huge potential.  I have not played a MMO like this in a long time.  A lot of players are saying it is like SWG and while I did not play that game I now wish I had.  Of course at this stage there are a few glitches and bugs, but nothing horrible.  I have enjoyed actually working towards a goal and the fact that I cant accomplish everything on my own.  It's not like WOW in that you can craft everything with a toon or two.  You need to specialize in this MMO and work within the community to accomplish your goals.The people you see giving this game bad reviews either have a error preventing them from playing which is normal in alpha, or they prefer games like WOW where everything is just handed to them.  They are only concerned with getting their purple pixels, not with actually working towards something.  So if you are looking for a game that actually embraces what a MMO is supposed to be this is it."
,Recommended,322300,18756121,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ranch Dubois,"This is a fantastic scifi sandbox mmorpg that really gave me a feeling I haven't felt since the pre-combat upgrade days of Star Wars Galaxies.  Literally one of the only things I see holding this game back is the lack of a community. There are maybe 50 people on the US server that are online at a time, so it's hard for new players to get the proper support from others that they need. Not only that, but a lot of the game depends on player to player interactions, especially when it comes to crafting and the auction house, so it can be difficult for players who may want to play a non-combat role in the game to get the materials that they need. That's why I want to encourage everyone who enjoys this genre of mmo to support the development and buy into the alpha now.  Anyway, here's why the game is awesome:-Huge maps to explore, barely any instances at all! Nearly Seamless!!!-amazingly indepth crafting system.-leveling the right way! instead of your character having a base level, every single type of gear, weapon, armor, skill, you name it... has its own level that has to be leveled the good old fashioned way, by practicing it. Using a particular skill or item will level that specific thing, so if you shoot a lot of pistols you gain experience in pistol tactics, you use light armor you get light armor tactics, etc.- (this one is a pro and a con) Community dependant. It thrives when there is a huge player base, which it does not have at the moment. There are building plots, which allow for entire player built cities to be placed. There is so many different crafting skills to choose from and sooooo many different components needed to craft these different things that it makes it difficult when there aren't many crafting components for sale on the auction house. Please support the game, the developers, and the community to make this game even better!I mentioned this earlier but it really does bring me back to the Galaxies pre-CU days. It's not an exact clone of SWG, but it does follow in the footsteps as an amazing sandbox mmo."
76561198052283712,Recommended,322300,13831390,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,-=†Blood Reign†=-,"If you loved SWG give this game a try, It has alot of the sandbox feel that SWG had and no MMO has brought back until now. Your not in a ship like in eve, and its modern like anarchy online is so not a fantasy genre. Crafting is very huge in this game, also they do have Entertainers but not really as complex as SWG was but they are pretty decent.Now understand its Early Access so expect lot of bugs and an occasional relog, other than that its a great game. 40$ may be too high for you but your pledging to the game which gives you some perks when the game goes live."
,Recommended,322300,29238194,Posted: 13 January,all,calabris,https://www.therepopulation.com/index.php/news/299-above-and-beyond-technologies-sells-the-repopulation-to-idea-fabrikIts coming back!
76561198038047199,Recommended,322300,21330022,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Jaster,"Even when it was online in its early access state, it was still better then all the other cookie cutter MMO's out there. You gotta give the Dev's credit for having the guts to develop a game like SWG, since the only thing that is released these days is WoW with fetaures.Ever since the problems with hero engine though development has halted untill they recently annoucned that they would be switching engines to UE4, and in the meantime they are gonna keep there team busy  and feed by developing a survival game and use those assets in The Repopulation. Now thats some real dedication there! Keep this game on your radar if you have grown sick of WoW clones."
76561198131631781,Recommended,322300,14701751,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,mad113,"Interesting game! It does harken back to better days for online play, but at the same time it's graphics are state of the art. I like this game but need to explore it more in depth. 8/10"
76561198054852539,Recommended,322300,15978807,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Adranath,"This game has a lot of potential. Deep crafting and gathering, a lot of skills, pet system, multiplied by 3 (tamed pets, genetic pets and robots) with a different kind of care for each one of those, good battle skills and ofc a freedom of the sandbox :) Looks like a good cocktail of Ultima Online, Star Wars Galaxies and Entropia Universe. It's alpha, but already looks awesome! Thumbs up for the devs!"
,Not Recommended,322300,20356898,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Tremic,Developement has been put on hold and servers shut down. Future isn't looking bright for this game right now.
76561197980793947,Recommended,322300,16772980,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Solego,"It takes a lot for me to actually like an MMO enough to actually want to go out there and say, ""Hey, world!  Yea, you!  Get this game.""  I will start out by saying that if you've ever played and liked Star Wars Galaxies, this game will fill the gaping wound that Sony Online left in your life.  'nuff said, there.  If you liked SWG then get this game.For everyone that has not played SWG, a bit of a gameplay walkthrough.  The game starts out very well for an alpha MMO, with a fully featured newbie area and tutorials enough to give you a really good foundation of all the skills a new player may want to play with.  You get basic training in several weapon types for free and the ability to spend training credits on up to three others, with the ability to choose from any weapon type the game has to offer. You also get basic crafting tutorials that give you enough of an idea how the surprisingly complex crafting system works to get you on your feet, and gives you a preview of how the really complex things will work once you get that far.  You are also introduced to Entertaining, for providing temporary buffs to allies; Stealth and Rouge-like options, like trap detection and disarming; Animal Taming and Robotic pets; and Medical skills.  And as you play through the tutorial area you get a feel for just how much more there is to play with as you progress with the game.  With dozens of different skills across 6 different catagories.  Even with the comprehensive tutorials, the game is overwhelming at first.  This game has a LOT of mechanics, although they are not so bad that they get in your way.I definitely recommend it for anyone that's tired of the cookie cutter WoW clones that have been coming out for the last few years.  They definitely stray from the textbook MMO here and it is so refreshing."
76561197987152970,Not Recommended,322300,13689302,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Conga-Line Bob,"EDIT-1/26/16 - The developer has shut down the servers and they're not exactly being forthcoming with the reasons why. According to their website they have run into an issue with their hosting company with regards to new account creation. They have completely suspended development and shut down the servers with no ETA as to when business would resume. They promise that they're going to continue to develop the game and bob loblaw. My review which i wrote a long time ago stated that I felt that the development team was inept. From the graphics, to the implementation, the audio, and everything else it was just a really bad game. While they do say that they aren't abandoning the game, I do believe this is another sign of their ineptitude. Don't buy this game if it goes on sale again. It's really bad.I have popped in now and again over the past year or so and I obviously stay current with the news of the game. I can once again state with confidence that this game is NOT going anywhere. Another poorly fleshed out MMO that will see it's demise likely before it even begins. Stay away.This game is ugly, clunky, confusing, repetitive, bug riddled, and boring. I'm generally willing to overlook issues that others are not. But man, this game gives me a headache. Not because it's hard, because it isn't - but the graphics, UI, map, and minimap are just all so poorly implemented that it literally makes my head throb in pain.The Audio is awful. I work in the audio industry and i'd be embarrassed if this were my sound design work. The quality of the sound effects are bad. The music flutters in the game and needs to be muted.The graphics in this game are mixed. The 3D player art is really nice. Beyond that it's between bad and laughable. People argue that it's early access or alpha so graphics shouldn't be considered. I think those people are wrong as i've been a part of a ton of alpha's and early access games where the grahpics showed promise. What i'm looking at is certainly not representative of the final product but it is representative of the art teams talent. In this case i'd say the art team is not talented.The UI consists of a ton of menu diving. Little boxes with tabs that extend out of site. I'm forced to open little windows and click a little arrow key to get to the tab I need which consumes quite a bit oftime. These information menu's are things that you need to access constantly. It becomes annoying and adds to the tediousness of this game. Keep in mind that i'm a 10 year Eve vet. People jokingly refer to Eve as ""world of spreadsheets""... so I can deal with data. I imagine that these things will be refined over time.The minimap is a tiny little circle that shows little detail in the terrain. NPC's, monsters, players, quest items are little tiny dots. They are everywhere and it needs a lot of improving. In all honesty it should be scrapped. Around the minimap you have little yellow arrows that tell you which directions to go for quests you have. Only problem is that they blend in with the terrain or with some of the icons aroundthe minimap so you can't even see them. Literally they disappear. I expect this is something that will be changed shortly cause right now it's just a clusterf**k of dots.The map itself is a little more useful. By pressing M you get a little map window, that's notexpandable, that shows you your immediate surroundings. I had complained that the map was terrible because itdidn't scroll. Someone from the development team commented on my review that by pressing ""Shift-M"" you get a scrolling map. He was correct but the map is still bad. It's a tinly little box, that doesn't appear to expand, that's about 1/8th the size of your screen. Even if it did expand it shows very little detail, is ugly, and causes my framerate to drop very low.The combat is clunky and the way it's implemented I basically can't use any of my skills. You have to right click your target to shoot and left click items on your bar to activate them. Maybe i'm missing something but that's not my fault. This games just so clunky and confusing, including the tutorial, that it's not obvious in any way. I have found that by assigning some of my abilites to extra mouse buttons is really the only way to go. For people who don't have a fancy mouse with extra buttons then i'd say that you'll be at a distinct disadvantage compared to those that do. Also the combat is not fun or challenging. Combat consists of right clicking on your target.The gameplay is very repetitive. Questing is like WoW. Though you receive quests through an email system the meat of the quests are the same. Go to location X, gather resource Y, deliver to NPC Z. Or Kill 8 of these and return to NPC X. Or pick up package at NPC X and deliver to NPC Z. That's fine because that's not really what this game is about. However, it adds to the repetitive feeling of this game.Resource gathering thus far has consisted of running out of the town, finding nodes which are clustered by the dozens in specific areas, and harvesting one after another after another after another. There is no real danger, there is no real challenge, and it's very repetitive. From what i've experienced thus far it's completely a solo activity.Crafting has been much of the same experience. You can only craft at a ""crafting station"". These are situated inside cities and you generally find a number of people all huddled around it. You find the item you want to craft in your recipe book, place items in window, and you get your crafted item. There is a fairly deep crafting system that is somewhat rewarding. I think this is where a lot of the potential in this game lies. I've been following the advice of the tutorial and sticking with one profession. Generally that's the right thing to do in all MMO's but I find the process of gathering resources in the game extremely boring. I find that crafting in this game is extremely boring. This does not appeal to me though in other games I enjoy carebear acitivities.Hopefully more people read the negative reviews and think twice. I bought this game because of the positive reviews and the pretty pictures. BIG MISTAKE. I understand that hardcore SWG fans have been waiting for this game for a while. I'm glad that they have a new home. I am not one of the SWG refugees.Yes, it's alpha and yes the developers have intentions of improving this game. Well they better because as it sits now it's a bad game. So many good games out there and in my library. This game isn't one of them.If you're on the fence about this game my advice would be to just wait and see. Watch the lets play videos as they surface and follow the development and updates as they occur.I for one am very excited about the ""potential"" of this game. I don't feel like I was ripped off or that I wasted my money. This is an ambitious project. Considering that this game was made thus far by a small development team and very limted funds (like less than 100k i'm being told) it is quite impressive. That being said, when you fork over your 35 bucks you're doing it in good faith that the developer is going to do something positive with it. As it sits right now it's not fun and many others will share my feelings.Sorry if the sensitive gamers were offended by my review. I'm just offering my experience and opinion. My opinion is not wrong and neither is yours! We're talking about games here..."
,Recommended,322300,16687203,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,RonnSama,"A game for people who love tons of complexity, crafting, and difficult griding.  No difficulty curve, there is a difficulty cliff.  However like most things, if you work at it, take the frustrations; and learn the system, it's relatively fun.  Only 15 hours in (as of writing this review).Hours 0 - 5: Beating head against wall because skills and algorithms don't make senseHours 5 - 8: Beating head against wall because I have no clue where to find resources proper to grind craftingHours 8 - 10: Beating head against wall because it takes 100 lil pieces to make something decent.Hours 10 - 13: Putting ice to forehead because of previous head beating-- finding resources and other things slowlyHours 13 - 15: Finally started understanding system better and getting more familiar with the system.Overall -- Game is fun if you're into grinding, graphics are nice, decent community ready to help at a moments notice, really well done character creation/customization.I recommend this game only to the hardest core of gamers that are looking for a real challenge; if your casual action gamer I don't think this is the game for you even with the 1st person shooter elements; the RPG elements can slow down the action for someone looking for fast paced action.Attention -- I am no where near end game, and have no participated in PvP as of this moment, I cannot speak for that; that maybe more fast paced than I anticipate."
,Recommended,322300,14789376,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,MoistDust,Great game that really resembles the hardcore gameplay in earlier MMO's before WOW set the new crummy standard.
76561197972336977,Recommended,322300,34095832,Posted: 7 August,all,SiRdRaXoN,"So far so good.  Lots of old mechanics from Star Wars Galaxies, updated graphics, still great in 1st or 3rd person.  Appreciative of every update.  Best part is..... ITS AN ADULT GAME!!  THERES READING!!  FIGURING STUFF OUT!!  AND YES ..... they're SUPRISES YOU GOTTA FIGURE OUT ON YOUR OWN ... EXPLORE!!  LOVE HOW ITS NOT A KIDS GAME!!  Keep up the good work and keep us guessing:)"
,Recommended,322300,13897449,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dachartach,"I'm certainly not very far into it, but so far it looks promising. It's a skill based advancement system, where you obtain skill points through missions or by using the skills. New skills are available by buying the books from NPCs. The crafting system looks ""deep,"" which means complicated; but, much like in SWG(you're going to see that a lot), this is not needlessly so. Most gear will be crafted by other players, and the key elements for modifying stats are fittings, which are modular modifications that you put into your armor or weapons. The tutorial is raw, and consists of popping up a database page describing what to do. Read these. Once you finisht the tutorial you will have several skills and pieces of equipment for your future endeavors.I have not gotten into too much of the main story missions, and I think you may need to build up some reputation before you get access to the lore. You do get missions in your mailbox regularly, and it is made clear in the tutorial that you don't have to do them all. Once I entered Freedomtown I received 4 messages with missions very quickly.Graphics are alright for this level of development, of course they will be expected to improve after what is an Alpha.5 build. My biggest problem is that the client keeps crashing to desktop, and apparently this is an issue for many other players. It is not totally unexpected, but I WANT TO PLAY. WAH.All that aside, I am looking forward to getting into the gathering and crafting. Finding some materials was not as difficult as in SWG, and once you find a node you have the option to enhance the node or the area to improve the quality of the materials you take. Also, various quality materials stack, so you can have F0 all the way up to A10 quality of a commodity all in one stack. Oh yes, you can break them up later. So yes, I think this will be a good one, all the proper elements are in place. Sometimes you just have to sack up, roll a hard 6, show up and see what happens. This should be pretty good."
,Recommended,322300,13948376,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Synoke,"So overall after playing an extensive of 10hrs of this game (which is still pretty much the beginning in building skill), I must say I am quite happy with this for it just being in Alpha. To be honest this is pretty mich just like SWG with the ability Queue etc. The skill based combat etc. You have an action mode (more like NGE) or you can do the standard mode like original SWG with queues.You can tame pets and the community is well knit and able to help with no issues, entertainers are buffers also! This can be done by any character because you learn the skills when you start playing along with medicine etc. The developers are constantly updating the game bi-weekly and they are great at it for being a Indi developer. I was originally iffy on purchasing this when I first saw it, I didn't like the way it looked, then watching the stream helped me make a better decision. The game was for me. I have been playing GW2, SWGEmu and Repopulation to get the comparisons out when it came to SWG and The Repopulation and they are quite close.So if you were looking for an MMO that was similar to SWG Pre-Cu with a mix of NGE (based on preference) welcome home people!"
,Recommended,322300,15613329,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Acerbic,"Only played 30 hours, but so far so good. It can get a little reptitive and grindy, but that's to be expected when it's still in the alpha stage of development. Crafting is a pain in the backside, but not necessarily the bad kind, it's simply a more involved process than in most MMOs. There are plenty of things to do and the learning curve can be a little difficult to work out at first but with the community, there are quite a number of people willing to offer assistance in game if you get stuck. I am so far enjoying the game and I look forward to the full release."
76561197980523260,Recommended,322300,14751353,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Stone_Templar,"It's alpha, and it crashed on my first time within 30 min. It's so early yet that it has bugs.And you know what? It's still awesome.Great concept, great game so far, and I've barely scratched the surface of a huge amount of playability.Fantastic level system and crafting as wellThe graphics are a bit sketchy yet, had some ugly lag / frame stutter but still such huge potential.Obviously all Early Release is a risk, always consider that, but overall this one has a super solid start."
,Recommended,322300,13891293,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Spycho,"This game has the potential to be the game i always wished SWG could be in the future. It Does still have some major flaws in the general game play. However, in general, the direction these developers are going in is everything ive been hoping someone would do. This game might have some heavy competition when the next everquest engine comes out but i think they have exactly the right idea. But if the devs read this please fix the cpu core distribution problems and memory leaks soon."
76561198104647270,Recommended,322300,22560446,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Anime Bus Driver,I miss this game
,Recommended,322300,14119206,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Lost,"I love this game. Seriously Is a refreshing oldschool style brought back with todays tech. You can tell how well and far this game will go by how much detailed content is in it already.  Graphics atm I would say 8/10, Audio ambiance 6/10 I rate this low due to audio loops and sounds not playing at proper times or over and over ( not game breaking by any means, Sound quality itself is very good).  You can feel like you have accomplished so little sometime because of how much there is to do and learn/explore. World is ungodly large and seamless from what I have found.  Crafting and training on the whole is very very cool and does take work and learning/reading to really get the hang of it. All in all i am satisfied with my alpha purchase and lookforward to all content the devs send our way. Yes the game does have some bugs. minor quest ones, some housing placement but nothing that cant be worked around as they fix them."
,Recommended,322300,15149991,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Shamshire,"Oh boy, where to start.I freakin' love this game, let me get that out there first but I recognize it isn't for everyone.  If you like old school MMOs and have gotten tired or burned out on more recent MMOs where your existance in the game is largely running errands for NPCs, this one could interest you.Fair warning, there be a learning curve ahead.I've put 60 hours into the game at the time of writing and have so barely scratched the surface, it's laughable.  As I slowly learn more and more about the game, I start to like it more and more.  The crafting system is very complex and the different discilplines are tied together so one person cannot easily do everything, which forces cooperation within a group or buying materials from other players on the auction house.  It's not as simple as collect the resources, click a button, and poof I have my brown leggings of might!  The quality of the resource matters, how familiar your character is with the recipe matters, your character's skill in that profession matters.There are no limits on what your character can do.  Mastering a ""profession"" requires an enormous amount of time so it really just comes down to what do you want to spend your time doing.  Want to learn how to tame and control animals?  Do it.  Want to craft weapons or armors?  Do it.  The more you do it, the better you get.  Tons of areas to level your character, you'll never reach the end.I could go on but I'll put it bluntly: This is a complex game that requires some time but if you invest. it becomes extremely rewarding.  It may be comforting to know the community is very friendly and helpful and GMs are active in General and Newbie chat to help you figure out the game."
,Recommended,322300,14874932,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,FeelinHawt,"Before you buy this game read the posative AND negative reviews.  I would not say this game is for everyone, but if it is for you, you'll love it.The way they go about skills is unique to modern MMO's. You can be a melee'r with a sheild who stealths gets some distance pull a gun out and blast on your enemys from afar if you so wish. Or maybe you want to be a healer who buffs has a sheild with 3 pets defending you and heck, why not throw in the stealth skill while you're at it. (I like stealth) Maybe you just want to dance and talk in chat, the choice is yours. Mix and match as you please. The map is big and they keep adding more areas and points of interest. There are 3 ways to sell or buy items involving other players. 1.) Player venders 2.) Work orders 3.) Auction House. These 3 ways leave an opening to become a master of the economy if you want to. Crafting is deep to say the least but I'm not much of a crafter so I won't get into that but every item you can use is made by other players, if it's high quality. The community is helpful most of the time, people want the community to learn the game and keep playing it.  The armors are shells meaning you can wear what you want and put fitting in them to increase your stats, same with the guns. If you find a look you like keep it as long as you like just change the fittings in and out. There's player citys and in later updates seige warfare (seigeing has been disabled for now) and remeber player citys have peices made by other players as well as the seige weapons. Mastering skills can take some time so don't expect to jump in and be the master of stealth, healing, entertaining, construction, harvesting, buffing, animal handling, robotics, combat and more. It's best to pick a few that complement each other and level them. Heck even vehicle handling is a skill.  There are 73 skills (give or take) listed on theirwebsiteand one that isn't (that I know of) spirital arts. All 73 skills are broken up into 6 categories. Like I said mix and match.I play this game on a 4 year old laptop with an onboard graphics chipset. My CPU runs at 1.3ghz duel core. So when this game goes F2P expect alot of people to at the very least try it.  Although Be Warned! This game plans to do a server wipe once it is released. If you don't like the sound of that, just wait for it's release."
,Recommended,322300,13930057,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Morphius,i believe this game is great and has huge potential to finally replace my starwars galaxies that i played for years. I would recommend this game to those that have played starwars galaxies and love that social side of it with mayor and player towns etc.
76561198084739818,Recommended,322300,15771907,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Mazael,"This game has steadily (about once every 2 months there is a large patch.)  been making great progress ever sense initial alpha 1.   Alot of people call it ""vapor ware"" but it is a smaller stuido making a very complex and interesting game.   Bottom line this is an alpha but its in great condition for an alpha.  It does have bugs yes but the core features are implemented and there is plenty to keep anyone busy.Is this game for you? Maybe maybe not.  This is the true spiritual successor to SWG.  The crafting system is the most complex and challenging (in a good way) crafting system ive ever seen in an MMO.  It is also the most rewarding crafting system due to this.  When you actually accomplish producing something you feel as if you have accomplished a great task.This is also a sandbox no hand holding here folks.  It does have a basic tutorial to get you introduced to the game but after that you better be able to tell your on tale and make goals on your own as to what you want to do.Overall 8/10 right now due to alpha i will hold my 10/10 for release.  Would have paid more to play it and been perfectly happy."
,Recommended,322300,14495926,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,NevaeH.ExT,"Really fun game, so much player choice. Just give it a try, you won't regret it if sandboxes are your thang."
76561198024564035,Recommended,322300,20440350,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Malvishas,"I enjoyed playing repopulation, the game was fun to explore, a very different crafting system and approach to character creation! I loved the fact that the game gave you a good deal of freedom of choice, although the server populaton was low I looked forward to getting on and playing..... yep thats all i got to say I hope to see me games too fun and too free to ignore."
,Recommended,322300,14766590,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Vauhn,"Initial Review:I will keep this brief, but add to it as I play. I have completed the initial tutorial for the game and am starting to progress through my chosen craft. Generally I prefer crafting, but do enjoy combat from time to time, so I went with Genetic Engineer. I supply my own Tissue and DNA samples which you get from harvesting animals, which need to be dead. I have dabbled into some of the other crafts and have quickly realized how intense the crafting in this game really is. It is very difficult to become your own supplier.For instance, I can buy sterilizing agents(agent A), but I decide to craft them, so I determine which profession makes them. Turns out several, so I pick Chemistry, to make agent A, I need another item made with chemistry(agent B), as well as a raw resource, and an Acid(Agent C). So I go to make Agent B and find it requires another Raw resources and another agent from another skill(Agent D). For Agent C I need another craft skill, foraging, so I pick that up to find that I need a raw resource and more of Agent B. To make agent D I need A Raw resource, and who knows what else, so I just buy it. So to make a simple item, needed to make anything else in Genetic Engineering, I need 4 different raw materials, and 5 different crafting sessions, and that is with buying one refined item, which I need twice. I may still be missing a step, but to get those 4 different Raw materials, I need Foraging, Survival, Mining. I would also need a combat skill to be able to kill the creatures for some of those items. I guess if I wanted to keep it brief, I should not have mentioned the crafting system.That said, it is a very well done system and it is exciting to see your work progress. I am ten hours in and have forgotten that there was no class selection, and the world feels very free and open, a much better feel for an mmo in my opinion. However, its not all sunshine and rainbows either. There are glitches, random crashes, graphical anomolies and everything else you would expect to find in a game. I have not knowingly joined a group(more on that later) or participated in PVP so I cannot speak on game balance. That said, it is definately worth the money, just remember you are basically buying a product that is still in Alpha. You are helping a startup to fund a brilliant idea and they almost always have a GM on to answer questions or help with bugs, which shows their commitment to making this game a success.I am still listing it as a con because it is hard to find but here is some good information for new players.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=362788661- Pros -Amazing crafting systemEnjoyable combatGood TutorialGreat Trade SystemComplex Skill TreeGM Support- Cons -Learning Curve (A manual would be nice, especially for the UI)Auto Group (realized I was in a group for the first time yesterday)Glitches (expected but a con none the less)"
,Recommended,322300,14819404,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Lucy,"I love the game so far and I do believe when it releases for everyone it'll be one of the top mmos of 2015 so if you have been reading reviews and watching videos about the game and like the look of it, Get it!"
76561197970670863,Recommended,322300,14815061,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,RavingMad,This game reminds me of SWG before it got ruined and i'm very pleased to see development into this genre that isn't cookie cutter gameplay. I look forward to watching this Alpha go into release and hopefully succeeding where I believe SOE failed.
,Recommended,322300,15213505,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dysrel Rusla,"I really enjoy the hardcore aspect of this game. There really is no easy button for progression. Whether you decide to craft or skill up your combat, you will have to work at it. Crafting is super hardcore, so start off slow and work on making lower tier sub-sub items at a higher quality. Then focus on a more specific task.Not exactly the same housing experience as in Star Wars Galaxies, but it's a great start in the right direction. Plenty of sandbox space to roam around and enjoy.Overall, I love the game and would recommend it to anyone that remembers how to play a challenging MMO."
,Recommended,322300,15132732,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ᴿᵉᶰᵃᶰ/ⱽᶦᶰᵏᵉʳᵉᶦᶰᵉ,Pretty good for an alpha game. Helpful community is always a plus.
76561198062366398,Recommended,322300,13920467,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Landru,"Great game. Yes it has some work still to be done but it is awesome. It is not like other MMO's, you don't get everything handed to you. This game makes you work to skill up. They make the journey fun too. Very excited for the future of this game. If you are looking for something different from the ""give me everything MMO's"" I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,322300,16427537,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hazmatbrigade,"Think Ultima Online meets Global Agenda.In it's current state, it's missing some polish, and there are a good few bugs, but what do you expect with Early Access?I've been enjoying it so far, but it might not be for you. Thank god for Steam refunds, yeah?"
76561198018504804,Recommended,322300,13547725,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Palinore,"I bought the game last night and played for a little while. The game shows great potential and it's still in Alpha. I look forward to seeing this game grow, it's going to be a good one!"
,Recommended,322300,17119466,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"love it!you not going to max your lvls in 30 days like eso,ff14,etc lolthis game starts out abit of a learning curve but once you have done a few missions you get a hang of it.has it share of bugs but its early access and way better than most finished games.looks oksound needs some better sound effects and get rid of the back ground noise loops sounds like bones rattle time to time along with random crap. music would be good if it blended together and not so cut up.crafting is sick !controls are tight and with pinnacale program gamepad is a no problem .....yes i got the all the keys that matter for fighting,harvesting, etc to fit.quest are ok the same as others go get this and that and bring them to someone...but the pay off is great .skills and weapons are coolugly meth head looking sag a hoe breasted women....really ugly.loading lag from zone to zone blowscrashes time to time or cusor is gone or some other funky bugoverall tho it is still a good game the bugs and stuff are here or there the other things like looks,sound hopfully they work on. the game is fun and more fun with friends19.99 pricetag.....well i say yes it is worth it only because there is alot to do and game show promise.this reveiw is just what think about the game so buy at your own risk understanding a game of this size in early access will have problems ......look past that you will love the game ."
,Recommended,322300,15215430,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,totalwar235,"This game looks like the best MMO that has come out in a long time, not graphically but content wise. I am very excited to see this game succeed as a return to the classic of UO and a solid reminder of runescape"
,Recommended,322300,13874904,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nexxa,"Alpha is Alpha is Alpha but I really like where they're going with this. Game's a bit clunky and the graphics leave a bit to be desired at the moment but overall pretty damned good for an alpha. That said the game's really pushing for the whole SWG / retro MMO / sandboxy feel and I like that a lot.... right down to entertainer buffs and so on. I'm doing my best to avoid playing the alpha test much (my best in that regard isn't very good) to save it for release but what I've seen so far impresses me. Glad I purchased, glad to support what looks like a wonderful game in the making."
76561198032705817,Recommended,322300,17938373,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,shadeling,"Edit 7/12/17: Weee! It's back! I really didn't expect it to ever see the light of day again but here it is! And after logging in I was delighted to find my characters still in tact! I'm leaving my original review as is for now because I haven't been able to play much yet but it all seems just like it was before.  When the whole engine debacle happened, and from past experience, I kinda assumed that that was the end but I'm glad to say the devs of The Repop are very dedicated!I've only played this game for a few hours but almost immediately after creating my character, I was delighted to get an old but distinct vibe from it that I hadn't experienced since SWG, that same feeling of a world full of possibilities being completely open to me and while it is not from the Star Wars universe in this case, I can completely forgive that.Since I know there is going to be one wipe before launch, I'm not really playing it balls to the wall, but just enough to get my bearings so that when it does launch, I'll be ready to know exactly what I have to do to get established.   From what I've seen so far, it has all the hallmarks of SWG with an incredibly robust crafting system that's ginormous with skills like genetic engineering, tailoring, fishing, culinary, robotics, cybernetics, animal handling, vehicles, etc  just to name a few. Supposedly you'll be able to play a fully enjoyable, noncombat character or you will also be able to experience the delights of a hardcore server gankathon that's never been seen before (the hardcore servers are not yet implemented but it's on the horizon, so I've heard).Since I haven't ventured very far out of the training facility I can't really comment on player cities but such a thing is possible in contested and non-contested areas from what I've heard.   And for anyone who isn't as gungho about PVP for their gaming experience like me, the non-contested areas per your faction are supposedly very expansive so there will be no real need to venture out into contested areas unless you wish to.All I know is that no other MMO has even come close to giving me the feeling that I once had when playing SWG  and even though I know I'll never be able to bring back my beloved Zabrak creature handler from SWG, it feels so damn good to play a game that gives me the same possibilities I once had back in the day.Edit 7/12/17: Weee! It's back! I really didn't expect it to ever see the light of day again but here it is! And after logging in I was delighted to find my characters still in tact! I'm leaving my original review as is for now because I haven't been able to play much yet but it all seems just like it was before.  When the whole engine debacle happened, and from past experience, I kinda assumed that that was the end but I'm glad to say the devs of The Repop are very dedicated!"
,Recommended,322300,23497483,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Bloodraptor,"The game is not dead! Huge engine/development change, frequent updates on their site AND because of the new engine they made a neat survival spinoff to tide people over til the game proper. So far nowhere NEAR The Stomping Land levels of betrayal. ANyone who doomsays the game is ""dead"" or you are being conned are pretty much so jaded by shady practices that they assume the worst, or want the game to not receive support.Keep track of the news, wait til they have an Unreal engine version up on Steam, look at the vids and then make a judgement. Even with the older limited engine it was quite promising, with the new revamps it can be even greater if they receive proper support. It's still too early to know for certain that they won't release the game and reviews saying it never will, guarantee that it doesn't."
76561198029606056,Recommended,322300,14760659,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Nindur,"This is a great sci-fi MMO in the making, it's only in Alpha but it clearly is well on track to become one of the best sleeper MMO's that I have ever experienced, alot of people make reference to Star Wars galaxies which is somewhat accurate but it certainly has its own direction. It is an alpha so there are bugs and there is polish missing but graphically it looks pretty good, there will be no subscription and its not pay to win and on sale its going for 16 dollars, any sci-fi or MMO fan should pick this up ASAP!"
76561198087695118,Recommended,322300,14604297,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Alswud,"I am a new player to repopulation, but not to sandbox RPG MMO. My experience goes back to Star Wars Galexies, and i have never seen a game like that to date, it was fun, you could do or go anywhere and create your own story. This Game was inspired by that, and picked up pretty much where star wars left off, in reguards to the core game and what you can do. This game may not be a developed where star wars left off, but it really has potential that no other MMO has in this day and age, the only one that might trump this game would be EQ next, but that is a medieval themed game, not futureistic themed, i believe that when this game is out of early access it will forever be rememberd as a great sandbox MMO RPG, just like SWG."
76561198009589212,Recommended,322300,16411850,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ryaiz,"this is a good game.. if your not looking for a super easy game where everything is just about handed to you.good skill system like eq1, open world no lvl feel like SWG was  (pre-cu)i'll give it two thumbs up soon as i see it progress to being even bettwe than it is now"
,Recommended,322300,14916129,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Splitoune,"My previous MMO: Fallen Earth, Arma series, Eve Online. (never played SWG)I wasn't really expecting this game anymore.I've skilled equally, Rifle (beam sniper), Melee (Knife, Double handed kinfe, knife+shield), Stealth (useless), craftingMy feelings:Bad ones:- - - Fights are so laggy desynced (even at low pop 6 am, ping is totally stable btw 70ms/120fps ). You don't even even understand why you got hit or miss. So ""netcode"" is wip- Tiny aimbot when using rifles. Plus timetravel is very slow. Pew pew... I play Arma and this mass effect shooter at the time... I've felt so bad that now I'm melee only!- Those are my main concerns because I'm considering pvp. There gonna be Hardcore server which is a good thing, I'm just hopping it won't be empty. And I'm afraid it would split playerbase.- World is not finished, designed into visible squares. Owon side is better. It sometimes freeze when you go between the frontier of 2 blocs, plus mobs get confused. FPS is very good and stable, 50% fps in Freedowtown. This game would run on bad computers which is a very good point for a MMO. Mobs usually use terrain and collision exploit. This reminds me Fallen Earth for now.Good ones:+Attacks seems to have angle of damage, that would mean you could dodge attack by avoiding that cone+You can roll, and I guess would be able to do some kind of combos. Like rolling stabbing in the back.+++ Progression system is kind of ""Elder Scroll"" one ie, you progress by practise. Ther is no bound, some skills go up to 5k points! which should represent at least few months.+++ AH with ""buy orders"" like on Eve Online, this will definitely help crafters.+++ The ""momentum"" or combo idea, I think it would reduce ganking as you won't be able to gank on first strike.Conclusions:Mobs should be serverside, I doubt it would be possible to dodge them (like on L4D series) due to lags/desync/heavystress. Shooting is totally crapy. I mean it's okay if you're a masse effect fanboy(girl) on PS3, but mouse aim is a bit laggy (0.3/0.1sec). From my experience PVP themed game has so much advantage to a game, whereas PVE themed is always laggy experience and repetitive, because you're more interested into the loot than the actual fight. Look on Eve, it is one of best balanced pvp game. Ok they got engineers to works on game concepts.So I've bought a F2P game for supporting, there gonna be server wipe at launch, this is alpha round 4th and last alpha before Beta. I've just bought the right to be experienced at the launch. I'm not familiar with Alphas, except with mods of games, so my review may be a bit crude. So we can't say buy it or don't buy it as would go F2P. This is definetely a good idea of game. Dev team is 4 skilled guys, so it may take so time for update but it will come. Financial plan should be very positive so.So it should get way better. I have to be patient (:I think that I won't play it because of lack of time :/ I'm sticking with DayZ Origins.Now it's a cool PVE game, not my taste, too repetitive. This is really like Fallen Earth technically for now, with a bad map; good, long crafting and skill system. PVP is coming..."
,Recommended,322300,15285286,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Dan3000au,"Great game, love how hard it is to work out what you need for crafting, been looking for a game like this for ages since Tabula Rasa shutdown miss that game BUT this game is the closest thing i have found so <3 yes awesome woot.The community is great within the first few hours i got out of the TuT, i asked for some help and someone told me and showed me how to make some money then gave me a whole lot of items and credits. nothing goes unanswered by the community. The GM are funny and helpful, reporting bugs in the AE is easy all ya got to do is type /bug and fill in the report, Its good that way.Now there are a lot of crashs and bugs but thats not what im doing a review on. the game itself when it doesn't crash or bug is a lot of fun, hard and Challanging. 26 hours and i still have no idea what or how to make stuff in craft but that doesn't worry me its fun trying to find out what to do."
76561197965521621,Recommended,322300,15606930,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Tekpriest,Destined to be a classic. If you are looking for your new addiction here you go. This game is like crack. I predict this game will cause many divorces and bad relationships. But you know.......in a good way. Sell all my other game accounts. The Repopulation is all daddy needs.Seriously though this game is super cool you should check it out.
,Recommended,322300,14380149,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,FaZe Obama,This game is so difficult and has a steep learning curve but is VERY fun. it has a swg feel and is so dynamic! i just realized you can leave cities a while back and damn the universe is big...I reccomend this to anyone that wants a good mmo
,Recommended,322300,17495136,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Dreye,"The Repopulation is an open world, sci-fi sandbox game currently in early access that has continual updates and a helpful community. As of now the game is coming along nicely, the crafting is complicated and fullfilling and while in need of some UI streaming it hits the nail on the head for those who enjoy carving their mark on a player driven econony. Combat is fluid (as long as there is no lag) and feels smooth with practice, there will still be moments when you are killed outright by a mob and dont quite understand why your new weapon is not working as you expected untill you realise you didnt upgrade it or that mob type has resistances to your damage type.While this game is easy to pickup, it is also quite complicated and has a medium/high learning curve. It can be daunting starting out with no real clear goal until you find your stride and decide what you want to be and achieve. As of now the population is low due to alpha character wipes that will occur in the not too distant future so it is a great time to jump in and learn how things work.There are bugs and moments of lag that will be ironed out in the coming months no doubt by the dedicated developers, so just realise this when you jump in and something strange happens out of the ordinary. Players looking for an MMO that combines dedication to a server run economy who are looking for a deeper experience may enjoy this game very much but be aware, lots of reading on how things work is definately recommended before hand, check out some wikis and player made videos to brush up on the game."
76561198067978140,Recommended,322300,16399474,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AppleMauzer,"3 hours into the game and I'm absolutely loving the amount of detail put in the most simple tasks/jobs and just the depth and complexity of it all. There's a huge list of things you can level up, from swimming to thievery to stealth to more tanky focussed stuff to abilities which require concentration (it's literally too much to name, I have never seen such a vast list of usefull skills)My first 3 hours in the game:The first hour I spent just wandering around the tutorial area, trying to get the hangs of the controls and menu's, exploring the place.Second hour was spent doing jobs and leveling up skills like hand gun handling and trap removing.Then I went outside and killed a few robots but one almost killed me so I want back inside and coincidentially into a bar which replenishes your health. Appparently if you set up camp and there's 'entertainment' you heal faster (absolutely love this mechanic, no health potion or whatever but just rest and entertain oneself which actually makes sense too).But so in this bar there was a dancer and I could talk to her, so of course that's what I did.She asked me to dance but my guy said he couldn't, but don't worry folks, even this is handled in the greatest detail, because the dancer replied with 'don't worry! I've got a training card which will teach you some moves.' and before I knew it my guy was dancing his socks off!Love this kind of detail in games. So far I've spent all my time in the tutorial area of the game. Honestly I've never spent so much time in the tutorial, but in this case I really needed it and I absolutely recommend you to stay there for a while too. At least until you've talked to every NPC or did every job/quest.Loving the art style. It reminds me somewhat of the Deus Ex HD version. Controls could use a bit more smoothness or responsiveness imo, and the 1st person part could also use some work. In 1st person the camera just floats above your character's head and it's just not 'true' 1st person yet imo but it's more than good enough for an Alpha.TL:DR: very detailed game, A LOT of DEPTH to nearly everything you can do in it, it's rough around the edges but hey what do you expect, it has it's own style and runs good enough imo (i5 4670 stock with gtx 670 2gb & 8 gb ram at around 40-50 fps). If the devs can keep the updates coming and put in the stuff on the roadmap, this game is gonna be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ legendary,"
76561197993664311,Recommended,322300,15055113,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Scarran,"Amazing MMORPG that is inspired by Star Wars Galaxies. If you're a SWG vet this is the game you need to get to relive all those amazing moments that you had. It might be in early access for the moment, but don't let that foul you into not getting it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7Bgffut4DM"
76561197991763071,Recommended,322300,17147850,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,cinderblock,great skill based MMO.  Looking forward to release.  Very active and communicative developer.  So much depth and more feature rich than any Sandbox MMO I've ever played.  Needs a little polish but I'm sold.
76561198075253197,Recommended,322300,13535138,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Arieswar,"So basically welcome to a game that has a far way to go but is quite enjoyible allready in its current state, lots of things are missing or not intended to be in the game but as you all know this is early access.Ive once played a game we all loved SWG the god of making normal mmo feal like dead fish, this can become the new game like this.Game has a solid noob area where you basically run around and learn the basics of the game like how to move,how to dance,roll hell even play with the pet options and have a pet for a few minutes, The bottom line here is its a great start but it lacks voice over's this to me is anoying cause the game can feal very alive at times and then all of a sudden turn into a turn pager of text after text but hey never been a huge fan of reading.Game has a long way to go to be good or even ok for today's standards, the UI ingame is well uggly and feals i dont know welcome back to the year 2000 but its early access.Good:1. Good Ava maker in the beginning you can look like gollums cusin if you want.2. Good start off with 2 excellent starting locations for old and and new players3. Awsome looking droids (yepp they are awsome)4. fun quest system talk to npc's or answer the mail and voila your questing5. Story telling and dancing, yes rejoice the old swg buffing system is in the making6. Even doh the game needs some huge grafical improvements i can see where the nature in this game is going looking great but hell need more life.7. funny old aspects back ingame type in name of whom your looking for if this will include players with bounties later on it will be a winner.8. No class or level system just epic grind of who is the best well anything, meaning you can learn and master all i guess (Or is this false? time will tell)9. Mounts and taming yea baby!10. Cycles yepp npc's work sleep and leave the shops closed, guess this will be excellent for a thief.BAD:1. Voices missing. sorry npc need voice i suggest looking for voice makers stat since if these npc dont get voices they will always feel dead, this is mainly the quest givers im talking about. I meet a talking droid doh good! thats what we want.2. Jellyfish jump, make a male character and watch that jumping animation and laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off (Again early access lol)3. UI it has been some times since ive seen something so basic in a game, sorry you need to fix this menu's and all look like its the last survivor of the cold war.4. Engine im worried that game is intended to look this way when its done, the visiuals needs a big update, lightning ect hell game look like its a shell at times.5. combat.. ok love the fact with change weapons and go pew pew again animations from hell and lol when i fire a gun i expect it to do a little more then just spew balls of lights but hell again visuals.Im ghonna add more points the longer i test this game and try to update as it it all comes together.I strongly suggest you look at the streams,Screenshots and so found by players because some of the visuals in the trailer is not how it looks ingame.Over all this is a great early access, alot to do ingame and its a good time to get in and answer a poll every quest or so to help the development, if its worth the current price tag even on sale, tbh im not certain should be lower its a hefty sum for a unfinished game.6/10 Pro score.With better visuals,voice overs,new ui and improvements (jesus kill the jellyfish please) the game will prolly be a 9/10with hopes of continuesly updated content and not a Faceplant death SWG did damn you sony. it will be a 10/10Hope this was helpfulEnjoy."
,Recommended,322300,13903690,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Tuanta,Still alpha but i'm liking the direction very much.Check it out...
76561198006888600,Recommended,322300,30964275,Posted: 5 April,all,Wilrana,"I am probably biased being from the old generation of MMO prior to what we know has the hecatomb of mmo post vanill wow with all the pay to win instead of the greatful and rewarding play to win...I really enjoy spending hours crafting killing gathering ressources to get to a point where you need even more time to get to the next lvl. The repop brings all that back with so much content.I have to admit that the game is not for everyone one a vast majority will find a goal if they are willing to put enough time in reaching that goal. With all the new gen x,y,z, millenials and what not it is hard for a game to suits everyone. I love a good evening/ night of PVP when there is a good community working all together in achieving the best they can. What I really hate though is when a little inexperienced cub walks in and yell out loud claiming he knows best and break that good mood community. There will always be trolls and wedding crashers no matter what you do. But a strong community like SWG wa is are to find these days and the repop is doing great in bringing and waking the old spirit that mmos from 15y ago had."
76561198045162570,Recommended,322300,13621755,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Snirps,"The UI can be a bit of a pain and it's pretty much bug city but it's still a hell of a lot of fun so far. It does indeed have that same sense of freedom that UO and SWG had, I'm getting that same feeling - if you ever spent hours and hours immersed in either of those games you will know what I'm talking about. I'm totally lost and confused trying to figure things out and it's great. Also people ingame seem nice so far and are very helpful."
,Recommended,322300,14925978,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,SquaZ,"The Atmosphere of Anarchy Online, The Game mechanics of SWG, The open world of Ultima Online (later the PvP rule set) just the game we have all been waiting for... P.S. BIOENGINEER !!! (called differently of course)"
,Recommended,322300,14942755,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wolfie_Mcgee,"If you like SWG (Star Wars Galaxies), this plays like it the UI has the familiar feel to it. raise pets, make Driods(robots), and get a speeder( cycle, racer, or Cruiser). game still in early Access but making great Progress. you dont have to follow story to level."
,Recommended,322300,14944388,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,SeikoShadow,"This game shows a hell of a lot of promise, the devs are very active on the forums and always willing to take on suggestions and constructive critisism. The game is already very fun if a little lacking in the graphics department though but almost every bad review the game currently has points to flaws which are either being worked on or are being released in the next major update.Some may not understand this but the game is in an alpha state, they are very upfront about this and they seem to work tirelessly to update this game. I've been nothing short of in wonderment at the devs focus on this.For those that might question why my review is so good all I can do is point to the fact that this is my first ever Steam review because I really do believe in this game."
76561198021314205,Recommended,322300,14940613,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Eleraan,"At the time of writing this I have put in 266 hours into the game and still feel I've barely touched half of it.This game is not for everyone! If you want your hand held and guided through your game, don't bother.If you’re looking for a in depth game that rewards those willing to put in effort and work at something, be it combat, crafting, exploring, dancing in a bar whatever floats your boat. This is it.While the game is Alpha at this stage with plenty of bugs and unfinished features it’s still more fun than any MMO I've played in years.  The Development team is the best I've seen in forever, the type I never thought I'd see again in this age of Early Access and Pay to Test.  Devs are on the forums actively responding to feedback, asking for information and actually listening to the community.  There are GMs online in shifts to trouble shoot issues and help gather documentation for the development team.  Really it’s something else.The game itself is complex. So complex one could get a panic attack just looking at the crafting of something as simple as a combat knife.  It takes some effort but all the tools are there and the community is excellent even for an Alpha group.  So it’s hard to go too in depth in a review about any feature without writing up a huge section so I’ll leave it with general statements.  There is ton of information on the site and forums if you’re interested in more details.Everything they advertise about the game is there and then some. It may not be fully fleshed out but the bare bones are there and one can get a clear idea of what the finished product will be.  It’s not like so many early access games, I’ve tried my fair share, that boost all these things they want then when you get in they have two or three things kinda working sorta and tons of features nowhere even on the horizon.   Repopulation at this stage has at least a skeleton of every major feature in place that I have looked into.  It needs a lot of fleshing out but it gives you a good idea of what they plan and that they are actually working to produce what they promise.Updates are common, It seems they have slowed down to about one a month.  Slowed down to what most people consider the “normal” rate and many times faster than what I have come to expect from Early Access games.  But don’t let that make you think it’s just some tiny little fix a few bugs patch.  The notes are huge. Tons of changes, bug fixes, balancing and fleshing out content in amounts that are staggering.  Again, this isn’t something we should be so shocked or awed about as it “should” be the norm.  But again we live in the early access era.  Final note on the patches, I don’t remember the last game I was as excited about patches as I am with this one.  They put up patch notes as soon as they release the current patch and add finished features ready for the next patch as it goes along.  Really nice to have a Dev team that isn’t “Vague” on what they are working on.If you do buy in know it’s not all peaches and cream.  There are bugs a plenty, crashes happen but the game is more stable than many “released” ones I’ve played recently.  It’s not optimized so at times it can be laggy, I have a pretty good rig so don’t notice it much.  Mostly when opening certain menus or entering a new zone.Combat is better than I thought but still needs tons of balancing and is fairly simple.  There is a system in place for stuff like this attack causes this debuff so you use this one to trigger this debuff ect that’s pretty decent but the fights are either really easy or really hard.  There are some open world “dungeons” in place to give you a feel for what they plan and it works rather well.  But it still has a long way to go.  It is kind of complex in the mixing of different armor’s and weapons combined with the flexibility of the fitting system to the point there is no “best” build as all will work well used right.Crafting is amazing. It’s why I first came here and I am not disappointed. It still needs some tweaks but it’s the first game in a long while where crafting wasn’t just important but the back bone of the game.If you’re like me you’ve been burned by the “Early Access” so many times you’d rather walk into traffic than try it again.This is the first one I’ve ever been truly happy with making my purchase and I wish I had started up sooner than later.The last thing I can say is out of all the games I’ve played on Steam over the years, this is the only one I was willing to take my precious game time to sit down and write a review for."
,Recommended,322300,14651032,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,★*•.✩Millenna✩.•*★,"pour un jeux inde je doit sire que je suis agreablement surprise, certe les graphisme ne sont pas exceptionel et pour ma part cela n'est pas primordial a mon sens, mais il y a beaucoup de bonne idee l'univers est vraiment sympas, le craft est tres avancer, le PVE reste banal comme la plupart des mmo mais il a la particulariter de ne pas etre repetitif, alors oui il est encore en early access mais les dev ne sont pas aussi nombreux que pour un AAA et je doit dire que leur travail et leur suivi est excellent, alors oui je recommande ce MMO car il reste une agreable surprise."
,Recommended,322300,18371803,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,PHAZE7,"At the moment, The Repopulation is still young, but already displays great potential. This is an sandbox MMORPG, which means that you are in control of what you do, you choose what you want to do and when to do it, this type of game won’t hold your hand and guide you through each area it has so you experience everything it has to offer.The Repopulation teaches you the basics and then drops you into a world of countless possibilities, free to do as you wish. Quests, NPC’s, PVP, PVE, etc. it’s all there but you choose to follow them if you so desire.What struck me as the most unique however were the skill system and the crafting system. Skills increase as you use them, and the crafting is incredibly complex but never frustrating.The game will be F2P on release, the early access only gives you immediate access to the game, but progress will be erased before release in order to prevent early access players from dominating the game, and a lot of perks that will carry over.TL;DR: It’s a good game with no specifically defined goals, you can do whatever you want. It’ll be F2P, but buying early access will grant perks."
76561198045450923,Recommended,322300,14670411,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,zedZxx,"I think the repoulation will turn out to be a great game when and if it gets out of alpha. it is very much in in inftantsy, early alpha and its still pretty raw. but with enough time it looks to be a really fun and engaging game."
,Recommended,322300,15197582,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,MellowBadger,"Pretty awesome MMO. Great to check out if you're a Star Wars Galaxies fan, or just tired of the same ol' same ol' theme parks."
,Recommended,322300,16637161,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dekeon,"This game reminds me of SWG. While it is still in alpha, it is very playable.If you enjoy sandbox mmorpgs, you should get this game.The community is helpful(which is good because the game is quite complex).Just be aware that you are playing an alpha version and you should expect to see bugs.The developers are very active and take suggestions seriously."
,Recommended,322300,14504272,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Max Dozerfist,"Wonderful, because instead of some paladin giving you buffs, it's an overweight weirdo dancing next to your camp with an abducted alien pet."
,Recommended,322300,16314665,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,B!zeK,These guys did what EA couldnt with the same engine.
,Recommended,322300,14831982,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,thegift777,Going to be a great game
,Recommended,322300,13798700,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sterling,"Good game, but needs a lot of time and polish.Having played the game for a few hours, I found the game to be very decent. I've never played SWG, or many of the other old school ""hardcore"" MMOs that everyone compares this game to, so unfortunately I can't really touch on that. But I have played Darkfall Unholy Wars, and this game reminds me of that, a little bit.Currently the game's buggy, I managed to stumble upon some bugs myself, reported them, and received developer feedback and confirmation the very next day, where they reassured me that they made the necessary changes and that they appreciated the feedback.Very neat to have such a communicative developer team, something you rarely see now a days, especially from an indie game.It has all of the concepts that I look for in a MMO (mobile and enjoyable economy, ""hardcore"" elements, open world pvp, player created and driven markets, etc.). Very few MMOs have these aspects now a days due to companies wanting to pursue a more dumbed down simplistic ""care-bear"" themepark experience that may potentially acquire more customers. I am very pleased with purchasing this, and look forward to possessing the benefits upon its release.Right now the game has lower graphics settings in some areas, and runs poorly on most systems due to it being unoptimized (it only uses one core on my i7-4790k). This has been addressed on their forums MANY times and they've stated that they plan on further upgrading the engine to provide better optimizations and general fluidity in gameplay.Can't wait until the game's complete."
,Recommended,322300,17942360,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,lexxingt0n,"A wonderful sandbox. Free to skill, to do, to craft, to go, to farm, to steal, to build anything and everything you want. Belong to either of two opposing nations or found/join a rogue nation that battles both. Build player cities, build your own house (either instanced or in the open world). Ride hover-bikes. Build hover-bikes. Drop your harvesters somewhere and have them farm mats for you, while you log for the night.The edges are still rough. It's pre-beta. But it's very playable and the bugs are actually more funny than disturbing.A diamond in the making."
,Recommended,322300,13801543,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Derpvoice,First MMO i've ever had so much fun with that I played it fo over 4 hours in one sitting. +1 for likeness to SWG.
76561198027723979,Recommended,322300,30740322,Posted: 25 March,all,Tal Maru,This game is very alpha with lots of bugs and broken systems.That being said I have something like 1200 hours in game.This game has an amazing concept and a great community.It's nice to be able to play an mmo where my characters power is not determined by how much money I can sink into the game.I truely look foreward to seeing what the new devlopment team has planned for the game.
76561198102675323,Recommended,322300,15043265,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,KaiserKillhelm,Really enjoying this game so far. Very nice to be able to really specialize and play with stats and customize.I will definitely be playing this often. Ive been watching this MMO for awhile and am especially happy the development is underway.
76561197971141931,Recommended,322300,14789142,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,aaadam,"The repopulation is really rough at the moment, But I like to rough.If you liked SWG, chances are you'll enjoy this.Alot of content needs to be pumped into the game, More fixes, More preformance fixes & overall polish.Though I'm happy to say, I'll continue playing since I've barely even scratched the top layer of this multiple,multiple,multiple layer cake."
,Recommended,322300,13640799,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NUBLIFE,"27/12/2014This is a very fun and enjoyable game.So far all I have done is the tutorial and they have done a very easy job in explainning the mechanics in a way that makes it feel easy, but at the same time give the impression of scale. Just the level of skills is absurd, and I can't wait to become good at mining a single ore(Yup there are skills within skills)The Crafting system is amazing and done in a very simple to use UI, combat is just like any other MMO, graphics are nice. Really if your looking for a game where you want to feel small and insegificate with the hopes of one day becoming a household name then this is the game for you."
76561197972382750,Recommended,322300,14334091,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Burnview,"This MMO isn't like WoW at all. If you've never played Star Wars Galaxies then be ready for a grindfest. If you find that you'd like an MMO that's (a lot more) in depth then this game will eat your time like when you take your cell phone into the bathroom when you take a dump.So far I've found the community, in game, to be more than helpful to where you ask a question and you won't get♥♥♥♥♥♥ish answers. Very few people spamming their wares in general chat (will change over time) makes it nice to see when I skill-up in a trade.The mission system can be a little annoying at times. You get missions randomly over time or when you're out killing mobs and one will appear giving you the option to be rewarded off further kills of said mob.The only real annoyances I have with the game right now interface screens. If you have your mouse buttons held down (while you're moving) and go into an interface screen, when you exit out of it your camera and/or movement will suddenly change.Also a small tidbit: The game has map rotation with no North indicator. Though you may find this to be silly at first but when you're trying to find your way in a city and bring up your map then close it unless you use a building as a temp heading you will find yourself getting lost very easily.Overall I find this game to be real enjoyable even in its early dev stages!6/10 - Unfinished games never get a rating over 6 due to the fact that it's still unfinished, but from what's playable right now I'd give that a 9/10."
76561198066258459,Recommended,322300,16541946,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Pink,"6.19.15So far I've played the game for 12 hours, and so far it's everything I've been looking for from an MMO the last 5 years. YES the game is in alpha, but the content that is ALREADY in the game far surpases most mainstream MMO's on the market. Just looking through a list of the mechanics, it warms my gamer heart: for those searching for a 'hardcore' experience, this is where it's at.Each skill in the game is leveled through use, and as you use the skills and they increase, you open up the amount of skills you get on your action bar. Personally, this skill aquisition system is excellent. Not only are the skills not handed to you (you either have to purchase them with training points or receive as mission rewards) but the way you mold your character is completely up to you. This makes the combat highly customizable, allowing weapon swapping and combining skills and status affects.As far as the current state of the game, it is very much in alpha, and feels like it. The game is stable enough to play, but some of the features are not in the game (some skills, some missions, etc.) and there is a general clunkiness to everything. This game has me very excited for its future, the crafting is very in depth, the combat is fully customizable and can be switched between action and traditional rpg, and the overall feel of the game is unique and fresh but also nostalgic and genuine.3.25.17So the servers were shut down for a time (not going to go into details) but the game is back, and I am so excited. Everything is back to where it was before the servers went down so nothing new to report on, but you can tell this game is loved by how many people were yelling in general chat ""IT'S BACK"" more to come as the game hopefully progresses.Welcome back, repop!- I'll keep updating this as time progress."
76561198103546273,Recommended,322300,14202792,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tay,"i am enjoying this game. The crafting system is verbose, i'm told along the lines of SWG. Its still in Alpha release but worthwhile playing now if you're the type to help with bugs, and know that the game isnt complete yet. Lots of things to enjoy, play it."
,Recommended,322300,18456645,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,[10CCE] Francysol3c,"NOTE: i am still early in the game.the repopulation is a game that mixes a traditional mmo with a survival game. but free by the bonds of hunger and thirst.in the game you will choose a nation, OWON (red uniforms, with a slightly socially darwinist ideology) and FPR (insurgents with kaki armor and a present-day ideology and ethics) and you will be in a subnation (guild) wich has cities and strongholds. the good thing about this game is that there is no forced grinding. want to ice some bandits while you should be mining? why not! want to spend 2 hours chatting? no problema amigo! the game also features one time pets (robots) or permanent pets (creatures) that die if not fed, mounts and vehicles (bikes, 2 seat cars and siege mechs)that said, the game doesnt hold your hand a lot. you can bang against the same wall (intended as a methaphorical problem) and then realize it. it is alpha, there are bugs. PvP is completely facultative.the gampelay is focused on crafting, and everyone has a place in the community. i am, for example, a dyemaker. i get chemicals for refining form chemists and sell my items to poeple who want dyes and structure builders.rating:graphics: 7/10gameplay: 8/10variety of content: 9/10longevity: 9/10total: 8.25"
76561198002463265,Recommended,322300,13747949,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Czma,"First of all just like the old SWG days, I am finding myself becoming addicted. Having said that, this is Alpha and as expected it is rough, clunky and buggy. However the foundation is set and the game mechanics have huge potential for solid old school sandbox goodness.I played SWG -Pre-CU through the NGE and have to say this game is giving me that old school sandbox feeling. I feel like there is so much to learn and skills to improve upon. I have that feeling of a lost person waking up in a new world just like when I first logged into SWG, not a hero, not the center of the universe, it's just a day in the life of...whatever and whoever I decide to be.Please remember the game is in Alpha and it can be a rough experience. If you can except that and want to contribute to the game’s direction, it’s a fun game and has great potential. It may always be a niche game just as SWG was always somewhat a niche game…The graphics are not spectacular, the UI is buggy, and it is easy to get lost and not know what to do which is a good thing. Pro Tip: patience pays off in sandbox MMOs. The overall game play is headed in the right direction; it just is lacking the polish that comes later on in development. I am hoping this game succeeds in what so many post SWG MMOs failed to do….provide a new long term home."
76561197964370184,Recommended,322300,13746822,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Viperar,"Pretty good game, still has polishing needed but it is to be expected with an Alpha game. The potential is enormous and its shaping up to be an excellent sandbox game. Its the best feeling in the world not having a set path laid out for you, and being able to decide exactly what you will be doing each day and taking it at your own pace.Can't wait to see what else this game  brings to the thable!"
,Recommended,322300,13727019,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Vinceras,"So far, as of 12/30/14, the game is still in need of work but the framework is definitely there for a great game.  A game that screams throwback to a day when SWG was still around.  A game that has a mix of Pre-CU and NGE SWG combat styles as well as a FPS feel as well.  All switchable.  A crafting system that rivals SWG and slaughters just about every other MMORPG.  ""Classes"" are a highly customizable skill system that you can mix and match as you please.It does have its fair share of problems.  But it is still in early access and likely to fix those problems."
,Recommended,322300,13591017,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,AdvancedSoda,"after i had read on the fourms it made sense, so thank you and yes i have played a little bit of this game and hope to see it develope because it is a very good game so far"
,Recommended,322300,13911742,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,-=Lonnisity=-,"Been waiting for this game ever since I heard it could potentially be a replacement for Star Wars Galaxies when it shut down. Seeing as how it's inspired by and borrows features from SWG, I would say that's true. The tutorial throws a ton of information at you at once, so if you think you can just fly through it your first time, you're going to be clueless once you're in the actual game world. I actually scraped my first character (which I completely rushed) and took my time with creation and the tutorial the second time around. The result was a much more stable and enjoyable experience, even though the game is in Early Access. I'm definitely going to be sticking around on this game.Gameplay: 8 ~ The Repopulation is an incredibly vast and detailed game, but with detail comes complexity. If you have enough self-control to take the time necessary to learn all of the game's mechanics in the tutorial, you'll have an enjoyable experience. It does feel a little stale in terms of combat, but that's an easy thing to overlook if you're having fun.Graphics: 8 ~ Lighting effects is where this game really shines (literally.) Though everything does have a sort of stylized-realism, (that is to say, mildly cartoony instead of Battlefield/CoD lifelike) it fits the overall feel of the game well, and I have no personal complaints.Sound: 8 ~ Continuing with my theme of ""It's quite good, but..."" Almost all of the sound effects in the game are incredibly well done. The only things that I have trouble with so far are player voice overs that spout cheesy one-liners whenever you increase your skill level, (Hint: You can disable voices) as well as the horrendously cheesy sound effect that's used for the starter pistol. It sounds like something straight out of an 80's sci-fi movie and I can't wait to get a better sounding pistol.Lasting Appeal: 10 ~ I remember reading in a feature on The Repop's website that basically offered a massive challenge. I'm paraphrasing, but it was something along the lines of, ""You could max out every single skill in the game, there's nothing restricting you to any set amount of skills. However, you never will."" If you spent your entire game experience on The Repopulation trying to max out all the skills, you would be set for a very very long time as far as content. There's so much to do, so many skills to try out, let alone progress to high levels. And with no class restrictions, you can do what you want, when you want, how you want, and as much as you want. That alone, to me, defines ""Lasting appeal.""Overall Rating: 9 ~ This game is in early access, meaning that polish is inevitable, which is coincidentally all that this game needs to be a top contender in the MMO market. I love it already, and can't wait to see where it goes from here."
76561197994474003,Recommended,322300,20477520,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Clamdigger,"The Repopulation is a great game. Its a fun, different and interesting Sci Fi based MMORPG with lots of freedom to do what you want with your character. Currently due to a few different issues the development is temporarily halted, but its planned to start up again once the issues are solved. Im looking forward to playing again once its development is started back up, because I have not seen a good Sci Fi MMORPG like this since Star Wars Galaxies."
,Recommended,322300,13837313,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,danimals,Phenomenal game with TONS of potential.
76561198007510429,Recommended,322300,15254316,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,IVo F34I2,"I will Update this review as I progress.Just out of the tutorial and all I can say is i'm in love.I think that the depth that this game already offers is fantastic, with the limitless skilling of your character and the dynamic content i'm sure that this game will entertain me.It has some performance issues, but it's still alpha."
76561198182772833,Recommended,322300,15268371,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,nnajmi,"Its a good game with great potential! definitely created in the spirit of SWG keep in eye on this one its sure to be a blast when its released. However now there are low populations, and clunky gameplayer (bugs, strange-things) so do keep in mind the game is not yet finished."
76561198044592393,Recommended,322300,34440198,Posted: 23 August,all,Kypho,"I like this game very much. Deep crafting, Combat is like it should be. Pets, vehicles, player cities etc. are cool.At least not another lame MMORPG with the classes/professions.Pros:The skill systemThe combatThe craftingVehicles, Bots, PetsAbilitiesPlayer citiesMinigamesCons:Some bugs like tradeThe autogrp seems bugged tooUI bugs when using FPS modeRandom crashes, can be it is my pc.for me its 8/10 if we dont count the very very slow development and development problems."
76561198004596171,Recommended,322300,13937687,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Lord Tragicz,I am falling in love with mmorpgs again!
,Recommended,322300,13538365,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,8eerme,This game is awesome. It is playable and the devs listen to everyone. It is not pefect and still needs some work. But it coming along nicely. Now this is an MMO. I look forward to this being my new MMO home. :) . Giving feedback and input to the devs is important for this game. You can tell it is made with love.
76561197983250709,Recommended,322300,16908802,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Xarrock,"This game is the answer to a long search of mine.I've missed games like classic Ultima Onine (before they tried to WOW it) or Star Wars Galaxies (before they tried to WOW it with the awful class system (NGE)). I've tried others that had similar ideas and they were all good in their own rights; but The Repopulation in my opinion captures the essence of those games. With that said it's an Alpha I believe so the rough edges are pretty rough, but from the forums and the in game community I can tell there are some really passionate players and developers working to make this game fantastic; and I believe they'll accomplish it with gusto."
76561198077134316,Recommended,322300,14519499,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mr Snow,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xjy7Suhr_qI&feature=youtu.be
76561198019770196,Recommended,322300,17528130,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Klendest,"The spiritual successor to SWG-Pre NGE, The Repopulation is the only MMO delivering on the Massive Experience.  You won't finish this game in a month just to wait for the next expansion.  You and the community are the game and the developers have loaded the game with systems people have long fantisized about seeing in an MMO.A game like this deserves to be backed through early access.  It's success will impact every game in the genre."
,Recommended,322300,17359510,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Viper691,I am stunned and overwhelmed at the same time at the scope and crazy depth of this game....and its only in ALPHA.  I am enjoying it soo much that i actually am already upping my package from silver within this short space of time.
76561198149167561,Recommended,322300,16614485,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Arik,Hard to learn -  but very good.
76561198027117855,Recommended,322300,16644197,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Clint Eastwood,"How I have not found this game sooner is beyond me... it is AMAZING! While it may seem daunting when first glancing over the plethura of skills and abilities associated with them, the depth of this game plays to its strong suit. This is a game where ANYTHING is possible! You can be a diplomat, politician, swordsman, handgun master, general, merchant, home owner, criminal... you can do anything without any strict binding constraints of class or profession limitations. This game is looking great, I can't wait to wake up and play more tomorrow! Solid job guys! THIS IS WHAT I HAVE BEEN SEARCHING FOR! A truly immersive Sci-Fi MMORPG with a unique system, great graphics and a phenominal community! Excellent work! 100/100"
76561198023689625,Recommended,322300,17036301,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,storm357,"The depth of the crafting system in this game is amazing. After having played SWG for years, I was hoping that a game would come along with a crafting system as complex. The Repopulation not only delivers that, it blows it out of the water.This is not a game that you will master in a week...or likely even manage to figgure out the basics in that time, but it is a game that will still have playability years down the road. This is not a game for the ADD crowd, but if you are looking for a game that takes some patience and thought as well as the pewpew, I would recomend it."
,Recommended,322300,14932691,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Vorender,"For a rough alpha, the game is very deep. It's a combination of Star Wars Galaxies, Fallen Earth and Shadowbane. The crafting is almost too complex to be fun in its current iteration, but there is no denying the scope and attention to detail the devs have put into it.If you are looking for that SWG feel in a newer game still in development by a small team, feel free to give it a go. I bought it a couple of weeks ago, and already feel like I've got my money's worth."
,Recommended,322300,15028337,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,KoreanGuy98,"It is a very enjoyable game that truly inherits the spirit of Star Wars: Galaxies. Of course, with its current Alpha status, there are some strange quirks once a while (graphical bugs, crashes, etc.). I really can't wait until the game is finally out of the testing phase and see an influx of players within the servers. If you want to support the dream of a new Star Wars: Galaxies type game, I highly recommend buying the silver, gold or platinum membership either on Steam or on their website!"
76561198000789542,Recommended,322300,14954346,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,wer24,"Don't buy it yet unless you want to support the DEVs. Good idea, very early access. It need alot of polish and more user friendliness when it comes to crafting and expplaination. I know that it aims to be complex but it should be a ""game"" not a ""job"". It captures alot of what SWG was but misses out on the wonder it evoked. I am reccomending it anyways to support the Devs."
,Recommended,322300,16258696,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Fieldburn,"So, after spending 6 hours in this game i could probably give my first impression of it.When i was a kid and started getting more into computer games WoW had just come out and it was for sure the biggest thing around. I hopped on the hype train and had a blast, i still today play WoW and enjoy some aspects of it, but i never got to play games like Everquest, SWG, DAOC or Ultima Online during their prime years. But if they were anything like The Repopulation is, or at least hopefully will become when it's officialy realesed, then i can see why people miss those days.Gone are the in depth tutorials telling you everything you need to know to speed rush through the game.Gone are the classes that defines what you do.Instead i have for the first time since i started playing WoW all those years ago felt lost in a new world, with new things to explore around every corner.Sure, the game is very badly optimized right now and there are quiet a few things that needs to be fixed, so if you never ever would play an unfinished game, don't freaking buy this. But if you want to have a new adventure you only heard about from your older brother growing up, or if you wanna go back to those adventures you told your little brother about and don't care about a few bugs or lagspikes here and there. Buy this game."
,Recommended,322300,14411750,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mutare,Good so far.  Its in early stage so not much to say yet.
,Recommended,322300,14511519,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Xostean,"Updated Review:Servers are currently DOWN so wait to buy, I am still leaving my recommendation as positive because the game has incredible potential. Even in its super duper alpha♥♥♥♥♥♥phase it was like old SWG reborn and it was glorious.Another reason im leaving it as positive is for the very reason the servers are down, the devs have the balls to say ""we screwed up with a bad engine, we are going to redo this on Unreal 4"". That move takes guts and earns them my respect.Dont give up devs, you are on the right path to make an incredible game with the values of old."
,Recommended,322300,16208352,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,=BlitzBatt=Yotsune,"I see a great potential for this game. The content offers exactly what a sandbox MMO/RPG should have and there is still more to come! I would recommend this game to others IF they enjoy crafting and sandbox based games BUT, if you are not fond of loosing your progress for launch (as usual for a game coming out of Alpha) or can't stand game crashes, occasional glitches or any other expected problem from Alpha games PLEASE WAIT on getting this game. The only other thing I can say is you need patience for this game has a HUGE learning curve, it will take some time to learn to play this game.Here is my score for this game 1-10:Content: 8Story: 10Playability: 6 (Crashes are common and region Transition Lag, Reminder IN ALPHA)Market: 8 ( Needs a little work for the AH BUT still great marketing features like ""Work Orders"")Social: 9Developers: 10 (They care, they have huge updates, and they are on a lot! Solid 10)Crafting: 10 (Crafting is challenging and Sooo in depth that it is overwhelming. I like a challenge!)Time: 10 (For the short amount of time I have had this game, I have 100+ hrs and I find it hard to pull myself away)"
,Recommended,322300,16324713,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Brewergamer,"I used to be a Star Wars Galaxies veteran, I played it for years and I loved it.  So I heard of this new game coming out that was going to market to that mature, proud community of sandbox mmorpg gamers:  The Repopulation.  Immediately as I logged in I could feel that once again, I was in a living universe where I could become anything, and do anything I wanted to do.  It felt great and it's something I hadn't seen in a game in many years.Course the game is currently in early access alpha, it has some issues with the UI and the sale tab of the AH is useable but it is kinda clunky at the moment, don't fear though this will all be fixed in due time.  Other than that, I am surprised to find that I have not seen many real bugs.  The UI of the sale tab is not even bugged it's just clunky lol it's surprisingly well polished for an early access game, even so even if it were really buggy, Star Wars Galaxies had some issues with bugs as all we SWG fans know but it didn't matter because the game was amazing.All in all, if you're one of those people looking for that old sandbox freedom feeling of being able to do and become anything that you want.. I would highly recommend you try this game."
,Recommended,322300,16334467,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,obscurous,"Overall a great game. Remember that at the time of this review, it is still in alpha. They are starting to impliment the changes to the system designed for launch. Some of these changes are frustrating as the current population is not very high. You must look long term. Think about how the game will change when there are enough people to fill the auction house, place good solid work orders, and fight over resources. So before you slam a change made because it complicates things, think about how this will feel with 4-5X as many players per server.  Aslo keep in mind that a server whipe, merger, or refit could come without notice, so dont get attached to your toon.If you are thinking about playing this game at launch, you will want to jump in now and take a look around. The crafting system is super detailed and intense. The combat system is unique, and play style is completely different for each weapon and armor mix. Healers are still being give some polish, so if that is your thing come in now and help give some feedback."
,Recommended,322300,16631651,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Skiptrace Starbound,"The Repopulation... Where to start?This game I heared about before it went into a playable Alpha state. And, it intrigued me. It's an MMOSBRPG, or Massively Multiplayer Online Sandbox Role Playing Game (Long Abbreviations FTW!). And, here's my review of this.Graphics: Current: 7.5/10 Future: ?/10: So, since this game is an alpha, I have to review what is given to me. And, it's pretty good, but I can't push the high quality, due to my machine not quite being able to play at max with a good framerate, though with the upgrades that I want to purchase, maybe then i'll be able to play at 144 FPS on Ultra for this game. The game looks nice, but the character animations are a bit lazy, but they will change with time. Oh, and Dual Wielding Pistols is really funky... You hold both pistols in the same physical location, leading to some funny clipping stuff.Overall Gameplay: 9/10Combat: 10/10: This game has such a unique combat system. It has one main governing system, the Openings System. If you shoot someone in the Leg, they are the suceptible to other things like maybe Bleeding, or if someone is Startled because of how close you got to them from a shot or slash, then maybe you can Dishearten them and make them deal less damage. Any way you slice it, this game does not have ""Basic"" attacks, each and every attack has some flavor of modifier. And that is really cool!Crafting: 7.5/10: Ok, this is the meat and potatoes of this game. I can't go over each aspect of crafting in this review, because it would be a 20 page college level paper... If you want the details, The Repopulation Forums are a great place to go to learn about crafting! Basically, you gather materieals, such as Contaminated Water, Hides, Wood, Berries, Metal Ores, etc. and process them into components to make other things, such as Fittings which will have their own spotlight in the next section. The main problem with the crafting is, there is soo much crafting that you will probably make your head explode trying to do it all, but fear not, you can still make money as a gatherer through the Work Orders system which will be talked about in it's own section.Gear System: 10/10: This game has a fantastic gear system that revolves around 100% Customization. Every Gear Item is a shell, you put Fittings into the shells to give them buffs such as Physical Resistance or Penetration, or Burning status effects, or more Health, or more Endurance, or more Momentum Retention, just about every stat in the game is given through Fittings you put in your Armor or Weapons.Auction House: 10/10: This is one of the best parts about the game, the ""Auction House"" It has several functionalities such as Work Orders and a plain auction house ripped straight from WoW. Work Orders allow gatherers and crafters to work together to get items in exchange for Credits (this game's currency) a Crafter can put out a Work Order from anywhere in the world (you can also buy and put things on the Auction House anywhere in the world) and a Gatherer or other Crafter can put in the items to fufill the Work Order and get a posted amount of Credits for their assistance.Final Verdict: 8.5/10: The game needs some polish definately, but this F2P MMOSBRPG I believe will become a titan in the industry that dominates over WoW and ESO, and SW:ToR. You can buy into the Alpha with the Silver and Gold Packages right here on Steam and get some extra benefits when the game goes live some time in Q4 of this year! But the game will be 100% Free To Play, with the cash shop being 100% Cosmetic Items Only."
76561198005640347,Recommended,322300,14315833,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[TDBH] TheFalseGod,"This game is a dream come true its about time that someone made a game with similar mechanics to that of the Origional SWG ""Star Wars Galaxies"" the crafting is a bit rough around the edges still but heys its an alpha and i havent seen a team as dedicated to making this game become something great in a long time. If you have an issue just ask for help in general chat and you'll get a gm fairly quick"
76561197998586807,Recommended,322300,16871448,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kitty Paw,Very similiar to the old SWG except with thievery and dirty fighting. Genetically engineer pets and build robots that fight along with you or play support roles. Found your own city. PvE oe PvP as you like. Many kinds of awesome.
76561198249344974,Recommended,322300,17992792,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,rufiokosche,"To anybody who loved the glorious pre-cu era of SWG, you'll feel right at home in The Repopulation. Yes I'm referring to Star Wars Galaxies (Pre-cu), the game that had so much of an impact that it's STILL being talked about today several years after it got turned into World of Starwarscraft. Which i'm not bashing on by the way, to each their own. The Repopulation is like an overhaul of SWG, how the game would have been like and a lot more if it was kept how it was. Everything about this game is like a breathe of fresh air and i'd reccomend it to anybody."
76561198007059492,Not Recommended,322300,13848608,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,__,"This game has potential, and i really like it, but at the moment its too unfinished for me to be able to recommend it.The good thing is, its only in Alpha :)/SWG Vet"
76561197984572031,Recommended,322300,13802571,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,reagan_youth,"I am posting this review on my very limited first impressions, so this may change in the future.After one hour in the game I did not want to tear myself away.  It is very rare for an MMO to do that to me, but this has accomplished it.  I do not feel the need to try and gain levels to get to the end so I can either start working on the endgame or starting a new character to experience a different class.  This game hooked me by simply letting me out of the city gates and doing what I wanted.  I absorbed the scenery and killed some animals.  That is all I did, yet I want to go back for more.  Excuse me when I say, but I have not had that feeling since Star Wars Galaxies back in June 2003.Everything about this game conures up those memories so far (thinking of first impressions for both games).  The color scheme to the animations all bring back that nostalgiac feeling.  The crafting and crafting stations remind me of city in a city and making my next project.  Using my fist weapons definitely makes me miss my Teras Kasi master as the weapon and animations seem like something ripped from the past.  The wealth of ""jobs"" in the game is something we are not used to seeing anymore and I welcome it.Since this was a first impressions piece, I will leave it there.  If you are veteran of SWG and miss it, you may want to give this game a chance.  At the very least, keep it on your radar.  If you are burnt out on the current regime of MMOs, then definitely keep your eyes on this game.  If my opinion changes or I feel like adding items to the review, I will update it.Note:  After playing some more of the game, I thought I would advise any potential players of the game.  My above points still stand and I still highly enjoy it, but be warned the game chugs and some of the textures are ugly.  Some points, I will get great framerates and other times it will slow down and you will see massive amounts of textures popping in.  Not a deal breaker for me, especially considering it is alpha, but I know some people would like this information."
,Recommended,322300,14092507,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MallardKing,"A great and deep crafting system that takes a little bit to get into but is very rewarding! Enjoying quite a bit of the game so far, albeit a very rough experience due to it being a work in progress!"
,Recommended,322300,14154282,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Italyball,Good Grief. This game got undeserveable hate for a time for a time and now it seems the polarity of that hate flow has reversed!
,Recommended,322300,15312175,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Ranchani,Is ok. Low population and it seems empty. lots of potential.
,Recommended,322300,17439722,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ThatOneGuy,"I'll just say this before my review so that you have it in mind. My pc is well under-specced for this game and I have always given each patch a small bit of playtime before temporarily stopping. The lag is killing my brainwaves hahaPROS:1) The world is very open. This, itself, gives the player alot of freedom, though, I still dont see many people that leave the starting zones.2) This game is based mostly off of crafting. Actually this is a pro and a con, but for now, the pro part of it is that you can craft everything you would ever need if you have the patience and skill for it.3) Lots of skills, 87 different skills if I am correct. That means you can pretty much always have something to do and its solely up to you how you do it.4) Unlike most mmos where you have to grind for money, this game practically gives it away through quests, loot, and putting for crafted goods on the Auction House. For someone who plays a few hours a week, I can make about 15k in one sitting because of it.5) Player Housing. There are 3 forms of this but one of the ways to use this to your advantage is building a nation and a player built city for just your friends.CONS:1) Prepare to learn the command ""/unstick"". You will practically get stuck on every little crevice due to some bugs that haven't been resolved.2) Back to the crafting issue. This is very tedious and near quantum mechanics level of difficulty. Thankfully, the auction house can have pieces to help with this issue.3) There is still massive amounts of lag in towns and in some fields. It has been improving but its not quite at a level where its acceptable4) There is absolutely no direction after the tutorial. It plops you in the main game and basically makes you figure out what to do next.5) The tutorial is extremely long and rather boring. The first time I did it, I managed it with only minor loss to my patience. The second time, I passed out from exhaustion thanks to crafting haha.While there are many pros and cons left to this game, it does the game alot of injustice to point it all out. I would highly recommend this game, but would probably also recommend waiting for it to hit beta first. The game has a patch about once a month or every few months so small things are constantly being updated. Before you buy this game, check out some reviews on youtube to get a gist on what to expect."
76561198027083929,Recommended,322300,15165922,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sammy West,"Not bad!Pros --Crafter Heaven or HellPurely Open WorldNo End Game!You can use pretty much anything you can makeCombat is not bad, but could be better with there action systemCons--Crafter Hell! Too many steps to get something done, but its still fun!There are afew npc bugs where you may be able to attack a npc with out firing purposlyNPC vendors such as shop keepers have a long aggro cool down and will kill you if you are in sightLag switching from region to region and fps drops when traveling fast speedsAt this time most of the ownable lots are taken up.They need more weapons and armor to keep crafting interestingThey need to ballance the item prices a little better to encourage trading on auction houseOut side of those little bugs its a solid game! I put over 100 hours into the thing! It's defenently a good investment of time. Communitys great, and its refreshing to see a open world game like this where you can kill anyone or anything, and  do what you wanna do with no forced quest line, or stupid gear that gets nurfed and crap."
76561198033524740,Recommended,322300,15280522,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,McTruck,Very nice game needs work but thats why its not released yet with some polish and work i think i wont be playing any other game
,Recommended,322300,17431403,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,MassRain,"Havent  been able to play much but here are some first impressions. I would not recomend this game to 90% of people. Right  now its ugly, janky, buggy, crashes a lot , and  a bit  like  trying to learn quantum physics  in kindergarten.  but those 10% of  people who enjoy that kind  of stuff, this is the game  for you.ProsCrafting- Oh my god crafting feels  good (although probably a bit to over complicated) You can craft pretty much everything you will ever need.The world- Its massive with lots of  places to explore.The community- So long as you are  asking  simple questions you will get fairly reasonable answers.Pets! - Want to create a better  Monster? try genetic engeneering. More  of a nature  loving sort? Tame a wild beast. Killer robots  more your  speed? yup got those too! ( though for  robots I hope you are  ready to dive  into a crafting system that will make your  brain bleed  just looking at the  stuff required to build the basic  parts for the  durn thing.) Plus side is you can probably buy them from someone who has already figured it  out.ConsCombat- is abysmal and  boring. Its tab combat. boring. Even the ""action"" mode  is just tab combat with clicking instead  of button presses ( IE you click your mouse to use your  auto attack on whatever  monster you have tab targeted.)Overly Complicated- So depth is a great thing, complexity can be  a great thing, But having a graduation from simple to learn grating up to hard to master  would be  a better  way to do some  of the stuff in this game. As it is, not very new player friendly.The community- While most of  my (somewhat) limited interaction with the community in game  has been pleasent, asking questions about  crafting, or  making a comment about  maybe things are a bit to complicated, will be  met with a level of arrogance normally reserved for  the likes  of Kanye West.Keep in mind this is just my limited experience with the game, my opinion may change but as  of now if you are  looking for a game  that reminds you of SWG, you might be better served to keep looking. Some of the  things are  the same but the game still has a long long way to go. That said the dev team seems to be active and responsive and  hopefully they can bring their  dream to life.right  now 5/10"
76561197969302422,Recommended,322300,15639071,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,davetiger,"Initial review: (only a few hours in the game)So far the game seems very complicated but still strangely entertaining.  If you are easily confused don't play this game it's not very noob friendly.  The skill trees are huge, I've played 3 hours and barely out of the tutorial zone :)  So far I'm enjoying the game, it is a huge time sync I can tell because just getting a few points for harvesting took a huge amount of time.  If you like crafting, questing and lots of options on what you can do and what you are this might be the game for you.EDIT 5/11/2005: I'm told you get to build and stuff in this game so far I've played 8 hours and all I've managed to get done was kill a few monsters, die 40+ times, and gained a ton of recipes for things I can't hope to create anytime soon :( The game seems to be a serious time sink.  After 8 hours I still have all my starter gear and weapons only thing that has changed is I have a few 2% damage mods on my starter weapons.  The crafting system could seriously use a (have mats filter) so I can work on skills when I have the mats instead of hunting through everything just to find the 1 thing I have materials to makeEDIT 5/13/2015: Ok this is it for me, I can't take it anymore... let me see how to best explain this.. lets say you want a Cloned pet... first you have to kill 2 to 5 of a creature (not bad right?) then if they drop what you need DNA and tissue .. then you have to go to the store and buy a sterilizing agent .. then go to the crafting station and sterilize the tissue to make orgainic material ... then have to take that and mix it with dna to make the pet.. and this is the easiest fastest thing you can make.. never mind the 200+ deaths before you can kill those 2 to 5 things... forget the hours and hours you'll waste to get nothing in return.. if you want to make something useful like a car or house? you better be ready to spend days/weeks just to make 1.. this game is the biggest grind fest I've ever seen.  Your not grinding levels per say, your grinding skill points 1000's and 1000's of skill points just to do what? who knows I gave up at 100, yep almost 18 hours of play and died more times than I care to think about .. my highest skill is 100 (rifle) and my armor skills are in the 20's.  anyway not going to keep going but this game is just all about grinding grinding grinding and when you get done grinding.. well you stopped playing that's the only way it endsStill going to recommend it because if you like this crazy stuff it's really well made."
,Recommended,322300,15244421,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ole Whatsahoosen,"I published a pretty negative review of this game and would like to apologize. The game was lagging because of issues with my computer. I also just powered through the tutorial and pretended like I knew what I was doing, which was the wrong way to go about things. This time I made an obese man wearing a beret with a large nose who goes around shocking people. This time I found my way out of the starting area and made it to my first destination: Freedomtown, the name of which I found hilarious. Freedomtown was very pretty looking at night and I am excited to actually explore the world and not rage quit.Review will be updated once I put more hours in."
76561198123864409,Recommended,322300,14559266,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Willysly,Great Game! Would recommend to friends
,Recommended,322300,16662269,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,bad.Lumpyrollo,"This game brings back memories of good old classic MMOs, where♥♥♥♥♥♥was not handed to you, Cant wait to play more once they get the beta out"
76561198022147717,Recommended,322300,15331181,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Agento1001,"WOW....For an Alpha game first of all this is amazing. I have seen games at launch in worse shape (AoC, Vanguard come to mind)As a day 1 SWG player I can say I have been waiting for this game for what seems like a lifetime and the wait was totally worth it. It is only going to get better in beta and I cant wait to see how it ends up in launch.Best community in recent memory in any game hands down as well."
76561198031611185,Recommended,322300,14241359,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Aleximus,"Not too bad, but does need alot of work on the background music, for an Alpha though, this game has alot of content to have alot of fun in. so ide rate it 7.5/10.  i'm sure that grade would go up as the development continues...i hope"
,Recommended,322300,17272652,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bizq,"Everyone talks about Star Wars Galaxies (SWG) and Ultima Online (UO). I have never heard of them so i don't know how good were they but as someone who has played tons of MMOs this is probably one of the best of them. But, is it for you?Things you should know before getting into early access:- As this is an early access, there will be a wipe before launch (which is pretty standard for any game with EA)- There are many bugs/glitches you may or may not encounter through this EA journey. (The support team is pretty active so make sure you report this bugs)- You are not paying to play the game (this will be a F2P game) but for an EA, which means you are here to help int he develovment of this game.Things you should consider before playing this game:- This is not your standard MMO. This means no forced questline, no grinding dungeons/instances for the best loot nor 'character level'.- This game focuses on crafting. Which means you are going to gather a lot, travel across many places and fight with NPCs to get the best gathering places.- You are probably going to grind a lot. Be prepared! At the time i'm writing this review it's been 30 hours of gameplay, and i still feel pretty new to the game. In any other game i would have already finished it or would be at least half way to end game."
,Recommended,322300,16863795,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Edacus,"Maybe I can finally forget the putrid taste of the old MMO's and their fates finally.....  There is hope!I have put some hours into this game, and have great respect for these devs. They have listened to the community and pump out content constantly. I will jump back in towards a release date. CHECK IT OUT! :)"
76561198155913565,Recommended,322300,15015126,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,G_Skins,"Not your typical MMO-RPG.  Has a deep level of features for being at alpha stage testing.  Can only expect it to get better as more patches are released.  Been a great play so far with learning.  Great community within the game so far also which makes it that more enjoyable and easier to learn.  Will easily eat up your time space set for MMO's.  If you enjoyed Ultima online or Star Wars Galaxies, this gives that feel back to it but in a different way.  Great game, recommend trying if your into sandbox mmo's."
,Recommended,322300,14988468,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,andrew,"Oy vey. If the developers play their cards right, The Repopulation will cause an earthquake in the MMO market of epic proportions. A word of warning -- this game, and many others like it, will not appeal to a certain faction of MMO gamers. I would argue that this is largely due to many MMO players wanting to have everything spoon fed to them, whereas in TR you'll have to do a lot of brainstorming and theory crafting if you want to succeed. However, once you ""GET IT"", it'll be one of the most realistic and enjoyable gaming experiences that you'll ever partake in.  The Repopulation is in every sense of the phrase -- the ultimate successor to Star Wars Galaxies, and perhaps even has the potential to be greater. The game is overall very steady, the bugs aren't bad at all for alpha (at least on my end), the community is a breath of fresh air, the nation/city system is incredible, and the crafting is highly in-depth and fun (no, I'm seriuos, you really get the feeling that you're a genetic engineer in real life without the complex mathematics). The PvP is somewhat minimalistic at this time, but the developers have big plans including but not limited to guilds being able to siege other guilds cities (and you can fight them off with laser towers and the like). In conclusion, if anyone is even remotely interested in being apart of the next big thing, then I highly recommend that you get involved in the mix NOW and purchase early access -- you WILL NOT regret it!"
,Recommended,322300,30759612,Posted: 26 March,all,Vandrel,"I tested this game early on before it came to Steam and also played it after it got on Steam.  A lot of veteran players still have a bad taste in their mouth over the licensing and rights issues that happened with the engine which caused the game to go in hiatus for awhile BUT now that the game is back and those issues are in the past I'm confident this game is going to continue in the right direction.There are bugs present in the game but most of them have relatively easy work arounds and in my opinion are rather minor issues in comparison to other games on the market.  Once you look past the bugs you'll find a beautiful MMO that offers all the experiences a veteran MMO player has sought after for many years.  Large open world, extensive customization, detailed player skills and statistics, inventory management, economy, social interaction, exporing, quests, etc.This game really doesn't get the credit it truly deserves and if you liked Star Wars Galaxies then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,322300,16289291,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ghost_Soldier007,"I just got this game and I love th crafting aspect. But OMG is it complex and did I say complex? The combat aspect leaves alot to be desired though... The crafting is like SWG pre-cu and the combat feels like SWG cu when it was first inplemented, with bad balancing, huge cool downs on attacks and if you ran into something close to your level you better run or die horribly... I am hoping that it is because it is still a early release that all that will be mopped up and squeeky clean when it is finished. I love the game thus far and how it is not a noob give me everything made to where a less than two year old can just mash buttons to wipe the world and get epic godly loot to just log in and everything dies kinda game. I love this its like read, learn everything, craft mountains, then you might rank once to learn mountains more and do it all again and take lots of notes so you dont forget what you did to get there just incase you need to make that stuff again, so you can maybe make it better than before. Love it recommend it and hope to see you ingame :D!!!!!!"
76561198000646385,Recommended,322300,14043535,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[D]Loska,"This game is Alpha! you must remember that.However its a very good game, the crafting is very complex which I love. Im glad I got this and ive been watching it for sometime I look forward to the development and further progress."
76561198022696372,Recommended,322300,18401375,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Adam Levin,"It is a bit difficult for gamers who haven't played a REAL sandbox game; but it is nutruring to beginners just enough to where it isn't too much for more experienced players. It is an extremely good game even at its current stage. I hear people try to compare it to SWG, but nothing can compare to that... SWG was hands down ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic and this sandbox might reach that popularity one day and I really wouldn't be surprised. Overall this game is amazing even with its faults, right now I'd give this game an 8/10 even in early access."
76561198083332535,Recommended,322300,14396642,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Cronous 24K,"Great game, has a lot of the good stuff from the greatest MMORPG that was out there. StarWars Galaxies before it was wrecked with the Combat Upgrade and New Game Engine.I recomand this game to anyone who enjoyed SWG when it came out."
76561198020452403,Recommended,322300,13675348,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Atlas,"Not that far into the game yet, but from what I have experienced so far this game has a huge thumbs up from me.The game systems - skill systems - crafting and all that stuff feels really solid and I am truly enjoying myself in here.EDIT 45 hours in:This game is truly growing on me. The game systems are really solid and the potential is enormous.What you do have to realise when thinking about trying the game is that it is an Alpha. I repeat: Alpha. Not a lot of people have ever been in an Alpha and are comparing it to Beta testing which is a whole different ball game. Public betas are usually very polished and not so much about actually testing as it is about showing up a near finished product and more about PR than anything else.So I repeat, again: AlphaAlso, almost every question and issue with the game I have seen are things that have been answered on the forums, by Devs or even on the website. So if you are the type of person that has a hard time finding and understanding written information you will probably be quite frustrated at times. It might not  be the game for you and personally, I'm fine with that.I come from a background of playing EVE, starting in last phase of BETA and then playing extensively for 8 years and on and off after that. EVE is similar in the way that it has a quite steep learning curve, a very dedicated community and a mentality of ""If this is not the game for you, we have no problem with that"". I think this game might develop into a similar kind of community, and again: I'm fine with that :)"
76561198154929980,Recommended,322300,13782995,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,nikoxin319,It is not even in its beta and I can already see the potential for greatness.Thats not to say it is without fault. Quite the contrary. But it is the early build and still tons of fun as an MMO.I recomend picking this up if for no other reason than that the developer has not put any microtransaction system inplace.
,Recommended,322300,13826126,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,[EcG] Fear,Thanks for the devs for not giving up even with the bad hand that was delt. I can't wait to see what the game will be like once switched over to the Unreal Engine.
,Recommended,322300,13726392,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sidd Vicious(VR),"Awesome game, great playing with huge detail and complex crafting system eventhough it is not finalized.  It is by far the most polished of all the ""eaarly release"" games i own.  It has very addictive skill advancementthat lets u chose how u want to play the game.  I have over 1000 hrs on Fallen Earth MMO, and this is an excellent new MMO that i feel has more potential than FE had.finally, i am impressed by the constant active GM`s in chat giving help and advice aswell as a player base that is also very helpfull.10/10 and getting better2017-03-20omg,it`s back,and i still have all my♥♥♥♥♥♥ lozIMPRESSIVE recovery devsthis game can become a world"
76561198097582194,Recommended,322300,14527106,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Wolfmire,"THE GAME LOOKS GREAT........ but there feels like theres nothing in it. am i saying its bad. NO, just... really, really... really early access. can this game be a 10/10? Oh my God yes it can. if you are willing or want to see this game become better i suggest helping out. this is my first true sandbox MMO, and i got to say that even though i havent done much. i havent really been bored.---WARNING---the tutorial isnt that great... not going to lie. thats where it gets hit the hardest. its hard to learn how stuff works out. crafting is also a nightmare for me sooo yain my mnd i give this game a 5/10 to 6/10 for being both early access and for the tutorial being complicated and for the fact thats theres still a lot to be done"
76561198034019609,Recommended,322300,15184023,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,wolfan,"Highly Recommend this game after 300 plus hours in game so far i'm still enjoying myself and learning new things .There is no hand holding or freebies in this game so when you do or accomplish anything you have a feeling of satisfaction because you know you did it and it wasnt just givin to you like in the other mmo's out there right now . The crafting system is very complex and encourges working with others if you wish to get the best items. The pve combat is challenging expect to die and clone alot when starting out ,even after you start to get your skills up death is still a factor to deal with So again when you succed in where and what your fighting hunting you get a feeling of success. PVP combat i cant comment on as i havent gone into the pvp area yet (still to much to do elsewhere). In conclusion for a late alpha version of the game i cant say anything negitve ,yes there is a lot to learn before you can really play and get into the meat of the game and i give 2 thumbs up for that it gives me more reason to play"
,Recommended,322300,17494405,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,NovaAssassin,a Great game based on skill level rather than a over all charecter level if you love MMORPG's and are wondering about buying it. Just get and play it its by far has more potential than I have seen in many games but even though it has potenial it still has many things to do and master!!!
76561198059831375,Recommended,322300,18842935,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Stradivar,"Just 10 hours in and the complexity of this game is quite apparent even on the newbie island. Not spent any time on the game forum but the support shown here on the Steam one is high profile. Seems the devs care, a lot.The game IS in Alpha stage, however, I'm really looking forwards to getting involved with every aspect of the game; combat, crafting, nation building, housing, social interaction and exploration."
76561198069145586,Recommended,322300,19179511,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Soldaris,"This game still has a way to go. At the moment it has performance issues if you try to run it at higher levels of graphics. Still lots of bugs, even just with basic stuff like swimming. The crafting system is extremely complicated, I enjoy crafting but even to build basic items, you will need all kinds of items and the recipes are very complex.But if you are willing to look past all that, this game is quite fun and I spent 65 hours playing it over a few weeks.I hope by release the devs will have ironed out the bugs and made this game even better."
,Recommended,322300,15317074,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Hammerheart,"A very well made MMO, many many many many many many skills to choose from with tons of things to do. Action combat and classic mmo style for all you MMO addicts out there"
76561198060544872,Recommended,322300,16484244,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Frogo,"So I've sunk a good little chunk of time into The Repopulation and after 2 days I have too say, this game is just great! I'm a huge fan of games like Eve Online and SWG where things are player run and people are completely free to do as they choose and this game is right up that alley. Keep in mind that it is an MMO game in Alpha! It's got its problems right now and i've had a few crashes here and there but its definetly not game breaking. Also I don't really understand why people have been saying that there's no tutorial or it's too hard to understand. All you have to do is read the dialogue at the beginning in the tutorial zone when you talk to npcs. And if that doesn't cover it for you, the community is always happy to help. I learned a lot from just asking people about stuff. If you know you don't like MMOs then don't buy this game because it's most likely not for you. But if you do than it's definitely worth checking out :D"
76561198093513490,Recommended,322300,17661199,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,nordlord,"My first MMORPG was SWG Pre-CU. It was an incredible experience, had an amazing community, and left you with the feeling that you were really in a living and breathing player driven world. Combat professions were dependant on non-combat professions and vice versa, the economy was completely player driven, and you had the freedom to do and be what you wanted to be. The how and why were completely up to you. With the changes that SOE made to SWG, the player base began to dwindle, and heartbreakingly, the game was eventually shut down.Enter The Repopulation.I've only had a chance to play for a short while, however, it can be safely said that this game is a true successor to the mechanics and concepts that made SWG such an amazing and immersize experience. The Repopulation is currently in Alpha, and with that said, there will be bugs, and the development team is still in the process of creating and refining the game systems that will make to to the final release. With that said, what I have seen so far is nothing short of amazing.To the development team, thank you SO MUCH for not only creating a game that is incredibly nostalgic for me and other players, but also for creating a game that does not follow the typical WoW/themepark/level based progression trend that is so commonplace in MMORPGs. That alone will make The Repopulation worth checking out for many gamers who want something different, and will set it apart from the current trends and gain a foothold in the niche of players who want a true sandbox experience.For everyone who considers themselves a ""SWG refugee"" like myself, do yourselves a favour and make a pledge to help the development of this game. Support it and the development team, spread the word, and welcome home."
76561197977179463,Recommended,322300,16263833,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Gersh,"Great game that has ""replay"" value by the same character you already play - almost like FFXIV (in that you can use the same character to play all roles).So the game is still a bit buggy. And at first I thought it was my graphics card, maybe even the brand since it's ATI/AMD or maybe even the connection...but others are experiencing similar issues and many others (which is expected).You might occasionally d/c or encounter a glitch or 2 - but just work with it, review the forums or ask the ""newbie"" channel even...you'll most likely find some answers or tips to help (while fixes and updates are in the works). The foliage setting was an issue for me - and while I have to set it on ""very low"" to where I see virtually no grass it helps for now.The crafting is a bit complex - but it will be great for inter-dependency on other players and preventing people from thinking they can do it all. This is an MMO after all - join a Nation (guild) and team up! I've done a cave so far, farming, crafting, fighting various mobs along with several engagements...all very fun.My tip is to try to find others to team up with and learn some of the screens and how to work things before going into the game - watching YouTube helps. There are some crafting assist sites as well. Another tip is to right-click things in the game and that usually brings up a help menu.The GM's and developers are GREAT with interacting with their community, trying to suggest things, figure out what you're experiencing, and trying to nail everything together before the official release. I'm thinking this game will be more bug-free than SWG was at release and during the expansions...that's great for a sandbox like this."
76561197972094623,Recommended,322300,16532240,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Reydae5k,"Swg with a Mass Effect skin, I dig it."
,Recommended,322300,17741962,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Murdawg6,"EXTREMELY buggy game, but also an amazing game (so far). Good graphics. Complicated enough to be interesting but not crazy. Not dumbed down to the painful point of not entertaining (-->WoW<--). Will update review once I log more hours and get to know game better. So far though... Great job devs!"
76561197970682644,Recommended,322300,17858659,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Gegoben,"Great game. If you ever played Ultima Online or Star Wars Galaxies, do yourself a favor and get it now! No monthly fee is a big plus:)"
,Recommended,322300,17181625,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Colesslawzz,"This game shows great potential, keep in mind its in alpha 4.  The community is very helpful!"
,Recommended,322300,17913030,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,tgunlien,I'm eagerly awaiting the release of this game. There are tons of features that set this apart from the rest of the MMO pack.
,Recommended,322300,14549592,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,tbeest,This game broke my MMB 11/10
,Recommended,322300,14288105,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Agisto,OMG its SWG!
76561198127548536,Recommended,322300,15014391,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,admiral_ackbar,shades of SWG
76561198052288149,Recommended,322300,31289683,Posted: 21 April,all,yegga10,"Still early access so expect a ton of bugs, game freezes or crashes BUT has a ton of potential.I won't continue for now because there will be game wipes, so will loose my 2 characters and will be a grind if I continue and have to redo all.  Pity I really want to play more but will loose interest so will park this on one on Steam for now.Expect an Eve Online or Anarchy Online type of steep learning curve; the crafting depth is amazing and complex.No hand holding on this one, hell I even died about 5 times in starter area LOL  Cant remember doing that will any other MMO.  Mobs have a long agro range :)Community is small but very helpful.Even if you only play 30 -50 hours for now if  very worth the price.Loooking forward to full release (or at least a mature Beta)."
76561198002812576,Not Recommended,322300,28207089,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Cyguard,"Just a warning to those that go to get something in early access. I like many others bought into this game and now we are pretty much screwed. Unless they can pull some magic out of it, the Unreal Engine is a hard choice for making an MMO. Not holding my breathe on this one."
,Not Recommended,322300,25644278,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Ωni,"This is a simple case of fraud, no access to a game that I had spent $40.00 on and then supplied another game for compensation that is nothing that I would have bought or cared about playing. The developers need to be blacklisted from this platform and refund all those who took cash out of pocket for it."
76561197994443894,Recommended,322300,16191419,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[TeW]Scan,Needs alot of work but there is something really good about this game.Recommended if you loved UO or Galaxies.
76561198021296987,Recommended,322300,15459412,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Darkrender,"EDIT: Yes i have played more than 4 hours, I stopped using steam launcherHour 1 -Brand new player. No idea what im supposed to doHour 2 - Finally found out what im supposed to doHour 3 - Finally arrive at first town after 2 hours of running around mindlesslyHour 4 - Make two friends and learn how to buy a new weaponHour 5 - Choose the sniper rifle. Cuz sniping.Hour 6 - Newly-found friends go AFK for an hour. I leave the first townHour 7 - Find a few Setlangs. Blow their brains out.Hour 8 - Figure out you can crouch and prone like in SWG... Winning.Hour 9 - Begin shooting at Alpha Setlang by myself. Die 10 seconds later.Hour 10 - Friends have returned to their keyboards and come fight Alpha Setlang with me.Hour 11 - We kill our first Alpha Setlang. On our way back to town. Get ambushed by 3 Alpha Setlangs and dieHour 12 - We return to the site of our defeat and attempt to defeat the Alpha Setlangs again. Server poops itself and we all die.10/10"
76561198053050832,Recommended,322300,16085034,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Redneckhippy,"Game is great.  Crafting, Killing, Open World sandbox.  Has a few kinks to be ironed out, as do all early releases, but over all it is a great game.  Reminds me of old school SWG"
,Recommended,322300,13773569,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Corpsegrinder,Over all good game other then the huge learning cure i mean wow .Am still trying too get started but looks like once you get the grasp of thing .It will be vary fun overall i think you should get it if you like sifi mmo sandboxs .
76561198041526233,Recommended,322300,14521884,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,MacDougal,"This game has a lot of potential. Many nice features including email mission system, and lots of skills to work on.The skill system makes a nice change from the level grind found in most mmo games, players are not limited to linear progression, providing they have the right skill and gear players can go anywhere to advance. The skill system also has the advantage of allowing players to tailor gameplay to their particular taste, no need to make alternate characters.However It's very unpolished at present and badly needs optimized to produce smoother movement and performance, opening the map makes the game lag like crazy, especially so in the already laggy city areas.The graphics are not the most pleasing to the eye, could do with more textures, art work and better lighting, and greater diversity of environment.The combat doesn't quite work, currently combat feels like you are fumbling around while trying to target mobs and activate abilities, even the fps mode combat feels stiff and awkward.While fighting mobs they get so close to your character that you are practicaly shooting at your feet while trying to keep them in target, some bad AI combined with the weird combat system makes for poor gameplay.Frankly they need to choose one combat mode or the other, trying to combine hotbar click combat and FPS combat through the same basic combat system is poor game design.Exploration of the game is made difficult because of the death respawn system, the zones are quite large, upon death you are forced to respawn from the nearest city spawn point, this means you have to travel a fair distance back to where you were exploring, an ability to bind in the world or a simple time out mechanism would significantly reduce the demoralizing effect that death currently has for players.Maps and waypoints ingame could use some refinement, making it clearer for players to find where their mission objectives are. Too much time is wasted trying to find mission objectives at present making some missions just not worth the trouble.The game features an elaborate crafting system which many crafters will love, however at the same time this is likely to put many others off, alternatives for gear and upgrades for the more casual player may be advisable."
,Recommended,322300,14002636,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,That one seth,graet gameonly problem is i cant start my own nationso if you like sand box mmos this one is grate
,Recommended,322300,13645025,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bonaduce,"I've alpha and beta tested a lot of mmo's before this and thought nothing of diving right into this game in whatever state it was in. For a first hour I became frustrated because the introduction experience (to me) was a little clunky and disorienting and I questioned my decision to purchase - but as I kept playing and exploring the depth of what was being created here, poking my nose in the options of skills and learning trees and crafting (the crafting!), the game began to take a much bigger shape. If you get the game early of course be ready for the alpha experience at this time of my writing a review but I'd definitely say it's a large great undertaking worth exporing in depth early."
76561197984181815,Recommended,322300,14785948,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Darth Artickus,Yes yes yes! Definetly YES!
76561197963360231,Recommended,322300,13596682,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[SXR] Slave,Game is working.It fun so far!
,Recommended,322300,14036264,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,SnakeJuice,I will play more of this game when its more uppdated. just bought it too support :)
,Recommended,322300,20475104,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Loruud,"It was fun, IdeaFabrik is screwing this up not the devs"
76561198017726974,Recommended,322300,13736642,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dr Feelbad,"I've been following this game for a year now and puchased it as soon as it came up on steam. Yes its alpha (there are bugs, Bugs and BUGS) but its still so worth it!Got destroyed by a guard for stealing 100% would steal again."
76561198000511398,Recommended,322300,21165043,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Night Howler,"Love this game, better them most...if not all other MMO's out.SWG/UO/awesome.Cant wait for them to bring the game back online"
,Recommended,322300,13556129,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,bag.,This games got massive potential. I hope Above and Beyond  engage the community heavily for future development plans!
76561197992869933,Not Recommended,322300,29804681,Posted: 9 February,all,Cyberdrift,Translation of the recent news.The money men have gotten hold of the game from the original devs. Now be prepared to be milked for everything they can get out of this resurrected game.
76561198064818800,Recommended,322300,13560826,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Soulner,10/10 for me want to be a super futurisict ninja solider with sniper rifle hammer and granades. You can in repopulation. The moment i could be a mech rider that a theft that steal from people i was sold.
76561198094075679,Recommended,322300,14060316,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,thurstyone,"After reading lots of reviews about it being like SWG - I decided to give it a go. I spent a day wandering aorund, getting killed, getting lost and making many many mistakes. Loved it :)"
,Recommended,322300,16572854,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,King Aria,"Did you enjoy Star Wars Galaxies, Shadowbane, Anarchy Online, Everquest or Dark Age of Camelot back in the day? Did you enjoy the era where MMO's had more complexity to them? Well, chances are you will enjoy this title. It has everything that made old school MMO's great but with a modern touch.The problem with MMO's nowadays is that they all follow the same formula: quest, level up, get gear and loot. While this is an OK formula, I missed the more open-ended MMO's where you could go out and do what you wanted without having to follow a linear progressional path. The Repopulation does this right. Similar to SWG (Star Wars Galaxies), the developers made the game so that you could start off and get right into crafting without having to force yourself to do combat. You could do quests if you want, but you can also head right out and follow your destiny.Want to be a tradesman who earns an honest living building vehicles and houses? You can do that. Want to be one of hundreds of soldiers fighting a war on the battlefield? You can do that. Thing is with this game; there are so many features to it that it really feels like a living, breathing world. Although still in 'Early Access' it feels like a polished Alpha. Granted, there are still MANY bugs and quirks that need fixing. The game would not be acceptable to the average gamer. However, if you have that itch for an old-school MMO like I did, then pick this up. It'll scratch that itch.I can't speak for the future of this game, but there is a LOT of potential here. The world is quite large as-is and I have a feeling they're planning to expand it. What makes this game feel like an actual world is the complexity of it. It could well be a life simulator once it's released. Only time will tell.Based on what I've experienced so far and the promise this game shows, I have no choice but to rate it a solid 8/10. However, if they fix the bugs, clunky UI & map glitches and add a little more pizazz to the game, I'd give it a 10/10. This is THE MMO to play for any MMO gamer."
,Recommended,322300,18406159,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Grey,"If you liked SWG before the the NGE, you will love this. Fantastic."
76561198094075679,Recommended,322300,14060321,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,thurstyone,"After reading lots of reviews about it being like SWG - I decided to give it a go. I spent a day wandering aorund, getting killed, getting lost and making many many mistakes. Loved it :)"
76561198024877779,Recommended,322300,17605645,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Breeding,"I give this a tenative thumbs up. I'm enjoying it, but it is still in alpha so there are issue to be dealt with."
,Recommended,322300,17131669,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Parks,This game is fun once you know how to play. They just added a new tutorial area that is a lot more helpful. I do believe this game will still need another year to be more solid!Here's my Tutorial Walkthough ->https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4O0O4lrMGQ
,Recommended,322300,18002157,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Crickerino,"So far one of the most in depth and interesting mmos I have played.  The quests are not spoon fed to you, you have to really pick your battles and cannot button mash your way to a yellow exclamation point, your decisions when talking to NPCs really matters on what rewards you can get or how they treat you, there are hidden skill trees that not everyone will have access to, there's speeder bikes and mechs, everything is craftable with a very in depth crafting system.  It has a lot of great things going for it!"
,Recommended,322300,30677886,Posted: 22 March,all,Chief,As a first wave backer I was highly dissappointed when we first heard game was going to be taken offline. I'm glad Repopulation made it way out of the Dark Abyss. So many good times and cannot wait to do them again. Sure this game is lacking high quality visuals and extensive story. I prefer extensive crafting and skills to keep me going and have purpose. The only con I have at this time is for making me wait and wasting other readers of this review time.
76561198073614999,Recommended,322300,16226535,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,bekacho333,"Nice game, Very deep crafting system and good graphics. i have some stutters and lagging but its alpha yet, so i hope they will fix it"
,Recommended,322300,16559325,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Get In The Tent,This scratches my itch for sandbox mmos that I've been missing since SWG.
,Recommended,322300,17702422,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Theeangryvegan,"Currently I'm only about 6ish hours into the game and having a total blast. I never got to play SWG when it was in it's heyday, but if it was anything like this game I think I would have loved it! Great same so far, especially for an alpha. It definitely needs  work, but that is to be expected. I highly recommend it, these guys are putting together a great product and can use support!"
,Recommended,322300,14495124,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,JestfulHam,"I cannot really type up a review yet. I cant even get passed the Character Creator... Everytime im putting the finishing touches on my guy or actually finish him and hit next to pick his gear, hitting next makes all my changes revert to default. So i cannot get in... I am not giving this bad marks yet. its Early yet so Ill update acchordingly"
,Recommended,322300,16579046,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[Tempest] Dayman,"If you blissfully recount the days of Pre-CU SWG among your all-time greatest gaming memories, by this game right now."
76561197967289867,Recommended,322300,16953291,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,suicidalamerican,game has alot of promise. little hard to learn of the start but shows alot of promise to me. reminds me alot of the good old mmos not alot of this new stuff that is out.
76561198170190569,Recommended,322300,17047786,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,gdalefishing,still a being worked on and looking like it will be a great game on the hardcore server
76561198196874261,Recommended,322300,17052684,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,gbox4065,still in alpha but a real solid game here.. not for the 32 bit 200 dollar pc crowd . this game requires high end graphics if you want to see all the pretty bling in the game. Totally looking forward as this will only get better through testing.
,Recommended,322300,16878778,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,M3gaGl1tchGaming,"1st Review for this game: I am honestly shocked by the quality of this alpha. Its rough sure, however I have not played a better alpha. The gameplay is skill based and it feels like a alternate life smulator. So instead of reading this, go enjoy another life."
76561198024468796,Recommended,322300,17236050,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Babby Legs,This is shaping up to be a great mmo. A gem for all SWG fans.
76561198018306173,Recommended,322300,16981690,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,RockApe,"If you miss SWG, this is the game for you.  If you love open-world sandbox games, this is the game for you.Its Alpha.  Things are amiss.  Because its Alpha.  But there is still an incredibly rich experience to be had even at this early phase.  The Alpha community is generous, helpful and knowledgable.    Are there glitches, bugs, random CTDs and errors than require you to wait for a midnight server reset to unstick your character?  Yep.  It's Alpha.  These things happen.There isn't a lot of hand-holding.  In fact, a lot of critical documentation has yet to be implemented, but give the game a day or so to grow on you.  I'm a SWG day one vet and have quite a bit of exposure to sandbox games.  I was still mystified by many of the game's aspects.  Three days in, I had figured most of it out.Fair warning: the crafting system is incredibly deep and complex.  This isn't going to be like Galaxies where you can be self-sufficient after leveling a couple of Alts to Master.I have a couple of beginners 'tips:  There's an NPC doctor in the hospital who wants parasites that can be looted while mining or logging.  Grab the 10cr used logging saw and used mining drill and have at it.  Rise and repeat all the way to your fist vehicle.  Price are about 2K for a decent cycle.  Or buy a Light Assault Mech and get killed by a vulture.  I take that back, don't by the Light Mech.  Just buy a cycle.Anytime you get an Engagement Mission....head out and do it.  The rewards will be worthwhile.Don't start fights you can't finish....specifically with any NPC mob that has ""Medic"" in their name.  Serioulsy OP atm.8/10 currently.  I can't give it 10/10 because it's not quite finished and polished (because Alpha).  Entirely worth the 20 bucks for the basic level backer's pack and Alpha access.Do it."
76561198030796576,Recommended,322300,18804805,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mr. Johnson,"When SWG died so many years ago, a bit of gaming culture died with it. Few games tried to fill it's shoes and fewer still came close to being successful. The Repopulation is on track to complete that milestone and do it with style.Still in alpha, so expect incomplete mechanics in some areas, bugs and other weirdness. This is however absolutely made up for by the rest of the product and the direction it is headed.If you enjoyed Star Wars Galaxies, Fallen Earth, EVE or just want a sandbox game with a deep crafting and social system, this will likely feel like home."
76561198042995559,Recommended,322300,13830505,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Troy,"Im gonna be short and sweet. This game has a ton of potiental and not enough people to enjoy it! So come and play it it will be a fun experiance to learn, fight, craft, build and conqure in The Repopulation!"
,Recommended,322300,14475029,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pneulemen,"Updating my review, looking good so far. In the excitement to try this game out from steam I didn't realize that the ""The Repopulation"" website and the site you register to access the game are two different sites.Anyway, I am now underway, looks good so far. My initial impression is that the Jump animation needs to be quickened, all in all the animation needs to be better, the timing seems off."
76561198146572486,Recommended,322300,16528541,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Xxsion,best game ever
,Recommended,322300,17939837,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,桜もち,"Really fun and reminiscent of Star Wars Galaxies. Lots of bugs still, but it's Alpha. I'm eager to see where it ends up. Definitely give it a shot."
76561197983782857,Recommended,322300,13657084,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nvi'Wraith,"Edit: Game is much much better than when i made my first review (back on steam launch) optimization is much better, skills are better, mobs are better. everything i complained about in my first post has largely been improved.That said, the game still has it`s issues, but these huge updates keep coming which is good to see and i still have high hopes for the game if they can clean up a lot of the clunkyness. Still recommend.Bought the alpha, its great at it`s core, but needs A LOT and I mean A LOT of work to be done, it`s buggy as hell. Its crazily unoptimized. im using 970 gtx with i7 4770k haswell OCd to 4.2. and on bare minimum i get 120 fps (when standing still and not in town). It`s going to be atleast half a year until it goes to beta.Insane amount of bugs. ontop of the bad FPS/terrible optimization. pretty much everything you do has potential to bug out. the only thing that seems implemented and actually finished so far is the crafting (which is superbly done) Very confusing and time consuming. but really fun if you turn it into you own little quest/adventure to aquire materials.The combat is clunky at the moment, not the skills, but the monsters within the game, they have terrible pathing, they rubberband to all hell. Also regardless of what some videos look like, at this point in time the game looks like its from 1998. so dont expect amazing graphics.Tons of potential, F2P will also be the death of this game, it`s a botters heaven and will be exploited to all hell unless they figure something out.It is alpha, and for an alpha, i mean it`s really not that bad. but if any of you want to buy into and alpha and expect flawlessness. this is not the game to do so with.I personally like the game, and will recommend it, but for anyone looking for a polished early access game, this is not the one for you."
76561198044560985,Recommended,322300,13671318,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,OGcoffeepot,This game is fun. I just run around shooting stuff. I love pvp and I have no problem waiting for a game that I know will be good. It is in early access so I understand that most of the stuff that might be fauls will be fixed.I give this game two thumbs up.
76561198001370815,Recommended,322300,13736149,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Hisap,Must have for Anarchy Online or SWG fans!
,Recommended,322300,13678635,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Silky Elton John,"Welcome back my SWG brethern, welcome back.Awesome so far, been a long time since i have played a game like this. Miss it"
,Recommended,322300,13687838,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Adam,"Let me start off by saying that if you're looking for a game to replace the hole left after SWG went down, then this may not be the game you expect it to be.The general lay out of the game and the overlays are effectively a carbon copy of SWG so you may start to feel like you're back in that world... until you begin to explore and play the game. I got this game because people get referring to it as a spiritual successor to SWG and I haven't played a really GREAT MMO since SWG (I don't think there are any MMO's out there that can match SWG for being a true MMORPG Sandbox game)However I found myself comparing every tiny detail to how SWG did things, and The Repopulation came up short on absolutely everything. Ofcourse this game is still being made, and you can really see what they are trying to achieve with it. I'm probably jumping the gun with my judgements and I should come back in 6months to a year to see the progress.Having said that I don't think it can compare to SWG, i'd still recommend picking up this game, or atleast watching it's progress. It has the potential to be the only true Sandbox MMO out there that doesn't send you on linear quests from level 1-90 killing boars and running from point a-b until you max your characters level out. You can see that they want this game to be for the players and run by the players, in game economy driven by player crafting, player cities, completely explorable landscapes etc...Just be warned if you're missing SWG then this isn't the game for you (currently)"
,Recommended,322300,13765635,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ray320,"Pro :SWG alternative.Cons:-Early access status (its the definition of releasing a unfinished, unplayable game without having the community complaining about it but at the same time stealing their money legally.-Most of the voice acting is done by  what seem to be a teenager that think he has a Manly Voice  (Kill the immersion)"
,Not Recommended,322300,20482051,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,forasp,I will update this review if the status ever changes. The project appears to be in an indefinite state of suspension.
,Recommended,322300,15998123,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,[CotP] K1BAL,"It's Pre-CU SWG.  If you know what that means and it brings back great memories, buy this game :D"
76561198021879519,Recommended,322300,14427057,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BausHaug,Sick dance moves 10/10
76561198035845394,Recommended,322300,13579508,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,hilarius69,"...been enjoying this one, players seem helpful and harmful (pvp lol)I'm reallly hoping this one takes flight!!!Keep up the great work guys!"
,Recommended,322300,13641977,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Black willo,loving it!.... please don't jion as I want it all for my self!...
76561198041275344,Recommended,322300,13586864,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[OT9] Marie,walked through a door that dont open.got killed by a plant.got lost finding mineralsgota love this game 10/10 ;D
,Recommended,322300,13605978,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Fearboner,SWG!!!
,Recommended,322300,13677562,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Cigarettes,"I don't have that much time in the game yet, but already I feel like I'm playing a star wars galaxies esque game. But still stays unique enough on its own. If you liked swg pre combat upgrade you'll probably enjoy this."
76561198065103798,Recommended,322300,13751112,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Metis,I cant wait for the jump to light speed!!!!
,Recommended,322300,13627360,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MaYdAyJ/(Snake (ArmA 3)),"Feels ike SWG, I think its something I'm going to ""play"". :)"
,Recommended,322300,18343142,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Cyg,Fun game!
76561198094075679,Recommended,322300,14060323,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,thurstyone,"After reading lots of reviews about it being like SWG - I decided to give it a go. I spent a day wandering aorund, getting killed, getting lost and making many many mistakes. Loved it :)"
,Recommended,322300,15661183,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Gizzard,I've only played for 2 hours and knew that The Repopulation was love. I cannot wait for it to go live so i can really dig in and fall in love with this game. This is not a game for basic ♥♥♥♥♥es.
76561198041646780,Recommended,322300,16480134,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Heol,"Great game already, even in its alpha state. Any true sandbox fan should definitely check this one out."
76561198009248361,Recommended,322300,16497001,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,scandalx4,"I'd like begin by saying this game is amazing. It has everything a gamer would want and enjoy in an open world title. You create you charater and enhance his/her abilities, skills, etc. You decide if PVE or PVP is your choice. That is a choice you rarely get to make in most games nowadays and the fact that this one allows that is great. Love the turn base strategy aspect as well. I'd highly recommend this title to anyone interested."
76561198109325546,Recommended,322300,18079389,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,RigityRekt,amazing
76561198029116291,Recommended,322300,19398757,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Xenta Pendragon,"To be honest, the game has issues, namely - as it seems - with the grafic card or the server. Also ""Repopulation"" is not (yet?) really populated atm. But I am optimistic that these problems of the alpha-phase can be overcome. Given the potential of the game I think it is worth supporting it in order to help the game achieving it s full potential. So give it a try."
76561198006295126,Recommended,322300,19203371,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Shadower Z0,"I spent countless hours and sleepless nights playing this game alone. Despite the bugs that are present, this game is really fun, addicting and has great potential for an early access game.  The game *IS* challenging, but you will feel great satisfaction when you build up your character the way you want to.  Not for the faint of heart, as you'll need a lot of patience to learn the basics (Mainly crafting), and to learn how to get through the game. Food for thought.This game offers great freedom on how you want to build up your character. You can become a crafter in many different types of trade skills available in the game, a melee/rifle/flamthrower weapon wielding soldier (just as an example), or both if you want to pursue that path.I'm glad to be able to support this game.On the other hand, being early access, it is present with some horrifying bugs that render this game almost unplayable at times (Random CTD's, Lag spikes at random intervals of time, combat hiccups and farts), causing you to rage quit in the end."
,Not Recommended,322300,27410173,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xeroxinator,Read on the community page there might be a class action lawsuit.10/10 would like a refund.
76561198009259566,Recommended,322300,14241688,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,RoCoL,After 60 hours:If you are not an extremely social gamer: Dont waste your time. (or money in this alpha stage)
,Recommended,322300,19503977,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mighty Duster,A good alternative to SWG.
,Recommended,322300,16127740,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Keg,Great game that reminds me so much of the star wars galaxies days but better!
76561198023416519,Recommended,322300,30759819,Posted: 26 March,all,Nitara,"** tl;dr: this game is in ALPHA but even in its present shape, it's an amazing game, and worth buying if you don't mind the bugs and crashes that come with an alpha game. **Repop is a sandbox MMO really only comparable to the heyday of Star Wars Galaxies, as others have said.  This is a good thing.  There is no deeper crafting system in an active MMO.  One can spend hours at a crafting station, putting together just the right components to get just the right item, piece by piece.  For example, my pharmacist breaks down all the tissue samples from her blasted/burnt/gassed victims into chemical compounds, and using specially enriched nanites, creates an infusion that fills an injector, which, when used, will have one of a vast array of effects depending on the compounds used in the infusion - from enhanced speed or better aim to becoming resistant to knockdown, or in the heat of battle, recovering health in a pinch, or restoring stamina, improving damage... multitudinous applications in just one delivery package.That's ONE school of crafting. A few final item recipes (comprised of a number of crafted components, reagents, etc).  To say there are many recipes in the many schools of crafting would fail to convey the scope of The Repopulation's crafting system in an absurdly laughable way.Here, let me help you :)http://aena.at/craftmap/craftmap.htmlI enjoy the combat as well, but it's a different flow from a vanilla stand-and-press-button-1-2-3 schtick.  It's fairly engaging, but to be honest, I'm still re-learning it."
,Recommended,322300,18622557,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/babydozier,"If you are a fan of older-school MMORPGs a la Star Wars Galaxs and Ultima Online, you will likely enjoy poking around in the Repopulation.Written during patch 15.10.1:This game is currently in alpha, so don't expect anything near completion in terms of most aspects of the game. Be that as it may, Repop offers an insanely deep and rewarding crafting system on which the entire economy of the server is built.Exploration, as of now, can get pretty boring. SWG had a HUGE lore advantage-- it made visiting random sites super rewarding because of their connection to the series. Repopulation doesn't have that. The world is super interesting, and there are plenty of mobs, but it could benefit from making exploration more rewarding.Regardless, it's still immensely fun.The combat is also great, and the skill system provides a HUGE variety of abilities.PvP is going to be amazing once things pick up. So buy this game and help pick it up!"
,Recommended,322300,30861096,Posted: 31 March,all,pixeltender,"Missing Star Wars Galaxies? Get the Emu,,, otherwise theres this ☼;)"
,Recommended,322300,17014928,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,xxasj18xx,i am liking sending a key to my wife
76561198046585683,Recommended,322300,31364613,Posted: 25 April,all,Kotter,SWG 2.0 without jedi?
76561198012284495,Recommended,322300,13703769,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jalisar63,"Its early access.. what more can be said?Would I buy it again or recommend it?.....   Yes, without question..It's got bugs and weird things going on.. and that's just in harvesting.  I'm sure there are bugs and glitches with the game, I noticed a couple minor things, and the game crashed twice on death in the 6 hours playin.Lots of reminders of back when... games were games and sheep were scared... wait no thats  not right. But you get my point, maybe.  If not suck it up and buy the bloody game.. you have paid more for worse.Ok I am very comfortable in adding this to my review at this point.I can not think of a single reason NOT to buy/own/play this game as it stands right this moment.   Unless you do not like to play challenging games, within an oddly fantastic community, being developed by Devs who honestly hear all sides..listen..AND make choices they feel most comfortable with.I don't write reviews.. why??  Dad always said.. ""unless you have something positive to say, keep it to yourself until you are asked.""No game since UO and SWG has even began to offer this variety of freedom without a single bloody ""RAIL""..you must quest this.. talk to them.. join this.. be called that.. waste hours getting into that boring daily for yet another chance for something useless. Ya all that theme park garbage just isnt here.This is a game for gamers who love the journey of building their Characters.. Exploring.. Crafting.. Killing.. Dying.. and goin again.  You are the end game.. What is our goal??  What do you do??Sand is pouring into the box here, the game is being constantly worked on and developed, This is Alpha.. (frankly better than over half launched games as is)  and there are bugs, tweaks, twerks, quirks, and mobs that are jerks.   Trust an Old Dog.. this one is worth your money.NOTE... FOTM gamers who need to rush to the end of their MMO like it is single player.. This is not your game..  Time wasted rushing to sit and wait and cry about no content section is >>>> that way..just sayin.. A true MMO game HAS NO END game."
76561198039399209,Recommended,322300,13743859,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Raserei,The best sandbox MMO.
76561198060333575,Recommended,322300,13724282,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Arctic Kyros,"Love the game I havent played much, but over all I love the game and like to play it more but when it comes out I love to dive head first into it."
,Recommended,322300,16096792,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Scrooloose,"The idea of it is very good, pre CU SWG in mind, but from my experience of the first few hours of playing,  I think they have way over complicated it. The game is also very buggy, but that is expected from a game in development. With regards to the complication of the game, there is a fine line and they crossed it by a mile. Some people prefare it like this, good on them. I like a helping hand now and again in an MMO to learn how to play. Really anowwed that its now £13 after i paid £39.99 for it tho!!I might pop back in a few months see how things are going."
76561197982989481,Recommended,322300,16098314,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Addicted to Sadness,"overall its a good game,very time consuming and it still needs a lot of work as it has many bugs with the worst of them being the lag spikes at times which result in the death of ur character"
76561198203641107,Recommended,322300,17168454,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,D. Ryder,"I like the game, but didn't have time to play it, since i hate using keyboard and mouse, i just hope they add controller support for basics like moving/fighting."
76561198087485727,Recommended,322300,18485067,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,zh3ik83,"Sofar so promising sandbox/scifi/mmo etc.. reminds me alot of games like Anarchy Online and EVE-online (Feeling in it).-Lots of work to do for a betastage, but if u dont afraid a deep learning curve and enjoy those games what i mentioned u gonna love this1 4sure <3+++ Music in this game takes u deep ingame <3"
,Recommended,322300,30894211,Posted: 1 April,all,njdevil2k2,i feel this gameshould be given a second chance.... i understand the pain of spending money on a kickstarter.. and getting ripped off and fed crap.. but i feel that people really should give it a shot again... i completely lost my original account... and it is unrecoverable.. but i turned around and said screw it... i wanna play .. first and formost.. this is a more advanced mmo.. as there is a ton of reading involved to understand how the game functions.... if you dont like reading.. this game isnt for you.. ijs... thats with almost all mmos tho... it does have a basic ui.. but it is customizable to your taste... grphically... it is a bit better than i thought.. but it has a star trek online ground mmo feel. which i am fine with...you have diversity tho.. and i enjoy that... so for the moment.. as long as the devs are willing to hear my opinion as well as other.... i wont have a bad commet on them... buga are expected.. and hey some are actually funny when you find them...but again.. all the hate ..it is understandable.. but i would urge people to reconsider and try the game again other than time what do you have to really lose?
,Recommended,322300,14947186,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Souzooka,AllDo DefaultAll
76561198119210417,Recommended,322300,15936587,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Deep-Fried-Dirt,"(Hope This Helps)WARNING! :Hero-Engine log on protocols are garbage. Don't use any special characters when sighning up,They will tell you that you've registered correctly and that you can now log on and then it wont let you and then you second guess yourself and find that after multiple resets that the problem is still there and you work down the checklist.~~After four hours I remember writing code back in school and it dawns on me.(Thats 40 dollars of my time)If there code sucks maybe Im just not getting an error message that I need. So I made a password below what has become the norm length and without any special characters to see if that would work an volla!Knowing a little about cryptography I'm aware of a few things that could of caused a problem with the changing industry standard and if they had a support aspect to their website I would of wrote a proper error report to them...instead of wasting four hours of my life sighning in.SOOO....If anyone ever mentions hero engine in my tech circle and praise it I will come on strong and cut em down with a sword of slander of the likes they have never seen. its what I do :3--------------------------------------I plan to review the game down here...lets see if I can register the product key befor launch so the servers appear.Foot ready to go through the screen at this point. Everything clenched and hopes and prayers ""appleanty"" (pun).(This was success no further problems)-------------------------------------For The Devs And The People:SERVER_SIDE: Has a No-Kick policy 6-10 hours of play time is me sleeping in the real. (sorry)Im going to pretend I was testing for this XDDead things vanish to QuicklyThings I noticed:Elevators aren't marked,but if your wearing the heavy armor it doesn't matter cause you can fall from an AWESOME  distance. and land on some nasty  and have it kill you seconds later....there is fall damage but its at a fun ratio.Elevators do a glitchy spin when at the bottom.No launching into the air though.so however they coded it kudos.Run-Speed: About what you expect with heavy armor....going to buy transportation soon as possible.----------------------------------------------------------Game play/Graphics:Having more fun than most games,stretch glitches on some terrain.Can get stuck and sometimes cant walk on a part of a hill you should be able to. Going to adjust the graphic setting As I didn't see any fauna aside from large trees & harvestables.(Review still in progress)Going to play some more now :)"
,Recommended,322300,15697966,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,LightDevil,awesome game i loved it!!!!
,Recommended,322300,15768660,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Rusty,So much potential.
76561198016505817,Not Recommended,322300,26322806,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,IronHack,"This game is no longer playable, Im not even sure why it is still being sold..."
76561197999423205,Recommended,322300,13781004,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RisTanA,Its actually SWG 2
,Recommended,322300,13768523,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bad Rat,"A few bugs, but overall this is a great game"
,Recommended,322300,13949622,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Punisher,Real fun. :D
,Recommended,322300,30601848,Posted: 18 March,all,ouroboros,"I honestly don't know which direction this game is currently going, but it was left in the form of one of the most promising mmos I've ever played. I leave a positive review to show my respect to this project hoping that the new team will not ruin it."
,Recommended,322300,16208909,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,friendship ♥,"In my opinion, this game have a lot of potential, but i just read it's gonna be f2p."
76561198040287141,Recommended,322300,21260542,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Fore,"1:Ive dabbled in the game a bit logging in at various stages of development this game still has promise and alot of it.2:I'll be the first to say that the choice by the devs to use a non mainstream engine was both noble and not necessarily good business.3:To the naysayers who knock them using the assets in a fps survival game and giving all the reppop customers a copy free while they work the kinks out of /rewrite repop for unreal well lets admit dev's are people too they need to eat, have kids who get sick. and have mortgages to pay.4:They are professionals and have handled this quagmire well both creatively and well from the business standpoint these guys might fail but it wont be for not trying thier damnedest to succeed and have the repopulation come to fruition"
76561198010698158,Recommended,322300,21241533,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,SGT Floppy,"Great game, its not up at the moment, but they are putting out a game called fragmented whilst they port this to the UE4 engine check out the forums these guys need the support :)"
76561198047741954,Recommended,322300,15825637,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Skaytful,Deep.
,Not Recommended,322300,29667510,Posted: 3 February,all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","The Repopulation: A Game in Turmoil.Perhaps one day we will know the truth about what happened here, but I personally don't care about all the politics. What I do care about is have the game that I paid for and it being good.As of right now, Feb 2017, I have neither of those. Thanks to the politics, it will doubtless be a long time before this game is actually realeased. We're now looking at a 2014 quality game in 2017, so there is plenty of catch-up to do. Maybe 2018 will be the year of The Repopulation?"
,Recommended,322300,13654201,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hanii,"It's been said a million times, but this is THE game for all the lost Star Wars Galaxies refugees out there!"
76561198055991142,Not Recommended,322300,20478688,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,shbensn1,"I have the game and am following its progress attherepopulation.com.  As of Dec 23, 2015, the project has been put on hold.  I suggest following this on their website.  I hope things work out."
,Recommended,322300,24814361,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ShadowMeowkura,♥♥♥♥in awesome
,Recommended,322300,30579790,Posted: 17 March,all,safak,"Its a little swg wannabe wish is cool with me.Why/when it got shut down i dont care, i just saw it popped back up and will hop on again.You guys with hate the world mentalities can bash your keyboards slamming it while never loggin in, i dont care.  I see the crap out there that people are trying to play to pass the time, I see the horrorshows that people throw their 'funding' money at, over and over again.at least i can log on this one!"
76561198050804994,Recommended,322300,15363389,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,RillaRoo,.
76561198086930253,Recommended,322300,18230646,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,markones,"This game has a lot of potential especially for the old SWG fans like me.It's still alpha, its buggy, I cant wait for the official release."
76561197960880494,Recommended,322300,22375344,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Wandris,"The first iteration of the game was early alpha, it was rough but it had clear potential. It would of been a deep sci-fi sandbox MMO. Then it died. Now in light oif that and that they are using IMO a much better engine I think that whatever they do come up with in the future will have the benefit of further planning, thought and previous development. The new lite FFA version they are going to use as a mid-term project looks really interesting. However it turns out this game gets my recommendation for what it was and for everything I expect it to become."
76561198010371596,Recommended,322300,17806045,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,RIC FLAIR WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,This game is total WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ;)))))
,Not Recommended,322300,31031001,Posted: 8 April,all,Osedax Yautja,"Played around 200 hours on stand-alone client, got excited for steam release then bam internal issues cause it to shut down for a extended period of time.... Game comes back, same state it was in (Awesome) cant wait. Get to playing it again and playing the vet char with tons of money made from harvesting resources and selling to players, old community hasnt returned. Alright so i reroll and start over, great time to get back to basics...Well tutorial is still buggy and has some issues when guding you through combat (No big deal), NPCs still have issues with quests turn ins and falling through map (ok lets move on then), time to explore. Exploration is fun but NPCs in wild are buggy, aggro weird and seemingly in some cases do not take damage no matter how many ""successful hits"" land on them... Ok move on to next area try to get quests for harvesting and gathering resources, NPC isnt there map bugs out game crashes...Game was in better state before switch to new engine, still lackluster combat with massive bugs, NPCs have random issues, tutorial is wonky all over again, and mounted travel just isnt worth it once again... Game needs some serious work again and hopefully they bring it back to some what of the modern age with combat and gear to make it playable again..."
,Recommended,322300,15960578,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Pizzá,Awesome.
76561198037880042,Recommended,322300,17054318,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,MДГSHIИ,brawndo the thirst mutilator its got what plants crave.
,Recommended,322300,31088461,Posted: 11 April,all,jkund17,Looking for a game like Face of MandKind? This is could be it. I can't wait to what future updates bring.
,Not Recommended,322300,26211179,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Mr. Pain,"I bought into a project knowing and wanting the promise that it would be a successor to Star Wars Galaxies.Instead development was suspended indefinately because the developers couldnt figure out what they were doing and instead given access to a second game they've decided to make which is literally some sort of ""survival online game"" or some other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I dont want and literally did not ask for or pay for.Don't touch this or anything these developers make. Not now, anyways. Hopefully one day they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and get started again on the project they pitched to us, but I dont see that happening anytime soon.  Honestly, if I could refund my money now, I could, but oh well.If this ever goes up for sale again (It might already have, I cant be bothered to check right now, that's how disgusted I am with this at the moment, can hardly even look at it) I HIGHLY suggest doing your homework on the current state of it before you put any money into it."
76561198030338323,Recommended,322300,13818629,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,gefardino,very interesting and fun sandbox
,Recommended,322300,15615169,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with star wars galaxies
76561198105195595,Not Recommended,322300,28263912,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Bush,"absolutely terrible game, with literally no hope. It was good back when I bought it in 2015 becuase I expected more things to be added. Nothing has changed since."
,Recommended,322300,16254370,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Stunner Dyrion,What is this game about again? Kappa
,Recommended,322300,16817509,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,hard core
76561198016434364,Recommended,322300,29620983,Posted: 31 January,all,yo,"Alot of hate for this game... I can understand why.. But still one of my top favorite mmorpg's out there.I'd be more angry at steam for enabling the Early Access concept- So many games with great potential; But it enables the ability to create a halfmade game, which is being sold at a high pricetag; To only be ripped out from our hands, from a person who had this intention since day one.But the game.. I still have high hopes.No matter the condition, I can see myself coming back to this game time after time."
76561198126989070,Not Recommended,322300,29395026,Posted: 21 January,all,yourgreatestfear,"Dont even think about buying into this!Pretty much every promise of importance was just marketing hot air and eventually broken. And without shame they (especially J.C. Smith) gave the middle finger to all backers and abandoned the game for a rubbish survival game which badly recycled some of the work done.Now a new owner wants to bring it back in the broken state and with the old engine ... again doomed to fail expectations and advertised features, again doomed to struggle and bait for years to come.Of course no apologies were given and no sign of making it up to all the backers who came out empty. They (owners and devs) all are just too ""excited"" by the money they got and probably still get for producing rubbish in neverending Alpha/Beta State quality.This game, like so many others (No Man's Sky, War Thunder, etc.), is a lesson on why people who truly love gaming shouldnt support kickstarter projects / Early Access, they allmost allways make ridiculous promises to bait in funding and then at best deliver a poor shadow of it or nothing at all.Keep buying games of course, but only what had a stable Release and was reviewed, so that you actually get what you are paying for. Dont pay for promises and ""Soon"" carrots!"
,Recommended,322300,18725584,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,fadejman,i really like this game but i dont get the game :P i know that doesn't make senseand now i want my money back because they shutdown after a month i got it :(
76561198047628190,Recommended,322300,34064712,Posted: 6 August,all,tdelozie,This game is an absoluet blast. I really enjoy the depth and freedom in the game. People should start coming back to play this game.
,Not Recommended,322300,15211595,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Helldrone,"The game has great potential, it reminded me of Starwars Galaxies slightly, but it needs alot more love before it's there, of course it's still in it's early stage...So just to dish out the basic, combat has the same hybrid with Mouse and crosshair mode, it's a bit wonky, but works.The combat levels is very confusing, there's seemingly no levels and everything seemingly works off how much skill you got with your weapon and armor, but so far it haven't seem to do much at all.You need Repop points to advance in abilities which is only gained through achivments, which is currently the most fustrating part of the game, The mission description is horridly written with little to non information, can go somewhere if they pour some love on it.The crafting is infuriating pesky in this game, unlike Starwars galaxies basic things and basic weapons needed only the resources to cover... example "" Mouse droid.    Motivator needs: 300 random copper resource   Motor: 200 random iron resource. "" But in Repopulation you require to construct small annoying indevidual parts.  to make an armor you need textile and polymer, but to make the textile you need to go through the phase of making the textile from even smaller bits and bobs from impossible to find pieces.i am kinda crying about this, as it's an annoying chore and a bit too complex, But again. 1 part requires 2 - 4 parts. and those 2-4 parts need another 8 parts to make the 2-4 parts, and it splinters down to more and more fustrating time and hours trying to figure out the crafting.in SWG you could still just slap in low quality materials into an battledroid and finish it, but of course, result in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bot, the game taught you to advance more, look for more spesific resource over time and then use factory parts for easy mass manufacture.Just saying, to build a in Repopulation.... Tons of annoying parts... SWG Swoop bike = 1600 Units of non-ferrous metal and 6400 units of ferrous metal. Now that was fun, you got quick result, Cheap yes, but you made something.I haven't come around to figure out the housing of the game yet, i do have high expectation for housing like SWG did, i do miss my droid workshop...I can't recommend the game in it's current state to be played as it's rather complicated, unfinshed in details and lacks proper tutorial for the rest of the game, it pretty much tells to you shoot stuff and keep doing it til you get better and the player base just tells you to gather stuff and sell it for money, So again... not recommended for players with short attention span or patience.I can recommend this if you wish to help the game to improve, figuring out the quests and the inhumanly difficult crafting system and prehaps point the devs the right way, as just understanding the game at the moment is a challange, good for fokes with a good memory and alot of patience.[Edit] If you are going to try it out and support them, i recommend checking out the ""Getting Started In The Repopulation"" Guide for this game on steam, it can save you some time.And i'm done crying. (WIP)"
,Not Recommended,322300,32162962,Posted: 3 June,all,ArcX_GGMN,"A big waste of hard drive space. Had this game for awhile. Kept coming back to it every now and then to see if any bugs resolved. No progress at all. If you enjoy things like your mouse cursor going invisible, camera getting stuck and character still moving, or sudden crashes and framerate drops, then by all means go for it. Good concept but no execution on it. After like 5 two hour sessions spread out over the years. I give up on this one."
,Not Recommended,322300,29330649,Posted: 17 January,all,MasterAce,"Yeah, right... Thanks for, nothing.Anyone else done with the ""game's industry""?Never again will I be parted with my money for some corporate ""rich-kid software developer in training"" garbage like this(not to even mention the next level of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that are the AAA squad), as I will never again have ""faith"" in a dev team I am not actually on.What a crock of ♥♥♥♥.Over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over...-_-I guess when they said they were trying to make it like SWG, they meant destined to turn into a pile of salt."
,Recommended,322300,29528131,Posted: 27 January,all,Crypton,"Please don't look at the negative reviews for the moment. The game has been down for about a year, but it is coming back very soon. The ratings will be negative for quite a bit even after relaunch"
,Recommended,322300,29757880,Posted: 7 February,all,i3loody_Moon,Can't effin wait to get back to gaming in this.StarwarsGalaxies lovers heaven !
,Recommended,322300,31295937,Posted: 22 April,all,saltpeder,"Been a backer of this game from the beginning. it has great potential. If there are any Star Wars Galaxies (pre nerf) still around very familiar feel! Havent ever regretted helping out in crowd funding of this project. Developers worked very hard to get this back in our hands after Dec 2015! Thank you for that!!! All you haters why tear someone down for doing something to get their vision out there, while you sit on your butt in your chair living off mommy and daddies money being a waste of space trolling and being an jackholes! Get a life! these guys are rockstars!"
76561198302443869,Recommended,322300,33733157,Posted: 22 July,all,battletag4,"IMO this game is amazing. Many people while about this game being laggy and crashing and some just whine that the crafting is too hard. This game is hard and people have to stop whining about that. The game it self was designed to be hard and if you want a game where everything is  handed out, go play some other rpg. And also, this game is in early alpha. I know that many bad reviews state that the game has been  in a sort of alpha for years, but give the new devs a break. The game was turned back on for only four months now, just give it some time."
,Recommended,322300,19460220,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Slleepytime,The game is alright but has lot of bugs wait untill this game is done.
,Not Recommended,322300,28425599,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Creepy K,"30 bucks down the drain... What a kick in the nuts! Repop was awesome wish i spent more time in it... Thanks to this game and a few others that i own, I am done with ""early access."" If.... and thats a big IF.... If they bring this game back to life I will change my review and maybe some hope will be restored with early access, but I dont see that happeningUPDATE!Well I've been reading alot of talk bout working on this game and get it up and running! Lets hope this is a go and i can change my review since I did really enjoy playing."
76561198089688209,Recommended,322300,13874241,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ELite665,This is an intresting game fun so far but it does need some work maybe a quest tracker so you can see a point on your actual screen and find the quest easyer. I do know it is still in development but that would be useful for the future of the game. Also the constant popups of text on the screen are really annoying.Overall a good game if you are thinking of buying it i would but maybe wait for them to get further into it.
,Recommended,322300,19405367,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sun,10/10
76561198033650157,Recommended,322300,31081003,Posted: 11 April,all,Mursenery,needs work still
,Recommended,322300,18827169,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,[KK]Puff|)r@g0nZ,Needs work... has potential.
,Recommended,322300,18361735,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Desoles98,best game i've ever play i wish i never got a refund for this game
,Recommended,322300,20864717,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,z3roram,"Played and purchased Repopulation briefly, however now can't even login or get access..... hmmm  Not good Hero EngineI think the devs are really trying here but don't think it'd them. Would even offer help to see this game back up and running.-z3roram"
76561198050858977,Not Recommended,322300,34764561,Posted: 5 September,all,fabulousfreep,This game is still FAR far far from ready to play if it ever will be ready to play. Crafting system is a mess and the combat while good is frustrating since elite mobs are everywhere for no GD good reason. Give this a pass maybe they will make it worthwhile in the future.
,Not Recommended,322300,13810389,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Crintendo,"Still too much green, no mission markers, high ping spikes on EU Server (at least what I played). I don't recommend buying it until it's a bit more developed.It has potential, I can see that, but everything is still under development, I'll change this analysis if the game's worth my time in future."
,Not Recommended,322300,16432631,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,☕,"Update: I don't recommend simply because the game is suspended and offline.  Looks like a lot of people lost money on this title. Sad, it seemed good. Community is still nagging on about SWG though, lol.  Blah Blah Blah, SWG, Blah Blah!I'm neutral on this game.The community is toxic and will not stop going on about SWG. Sounds like a nagging wife: ""In SWG they did this and this, how come you don't do this?""If you don't think like them, downvoted and yelled at.Not a good way to start a game. The game is good but, wow...that community."
,Not Recommended,322300,18635375,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[SSA] Carl (Ratchet),"Its 30%...https://community.heroengine.com/forums/index.php/topic,6082.0.htmlHave fun"
,Not Recommended,322300,28742760,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,baron grime siege,The developers literally ditched this game and made a new one that literally isn't anything like this game.And they didn't even refund us.♥♥♥♥ them.
76561197967834396,Not Recommended,322300,15205170,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,=ll= Deus Vult =ll=,I played this for about 2 months every other day doing 3-4 hours. Then I left because I got bored.. My thoughts?Crafting is extremely tedious and is a clickfest.Combat SUCKS period.The city system is chaotic.After being away for 3 months I come back and its just the same old crap. They have barely updated anythingI do NOT recomend this game.I have a bad feeling that this game is going to either be never finished or released half-finished
76561197980653040,Recommended,322300,13540428,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bryan/Boomer,"I am looking forward to this game, hopefully the failure of darkfall, mortal online, xyson, SWTOR, Warhammer, WoW, Elder scrolls online, and about a dozen others I've tried in the last 15 years, will not turn out to be like those games, one of the few games I've seen ina  while that actually works.  It already works better then mortal online and it's still in alpha.   I'm not crossing my fingers though, high hopes is about all I can give, been disappointed war to many times in the past."
,Not Recommended,322300,28245110,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TonyWillsIt,"It's been abandoned. It was all a lie, anyway."
76561198002040190,Recommended,322300,28199707,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MANUVSTEAL,"I paid $20 for this in 2015.  I paid knowing that it was in the alpha stages and not complete game, and also knowing that the full game might never happen as is the case with any early access game.  I paid to support the game.That being said, I think everything about ths game is great, and I'm still looking for a Star Wars Galaxies type of experience.  For anyone who complains that they want their money back not because they didn't like the gameplay but because this title ended, they were only playng for the opportunity to use it in early access.  Now that it's postponed or ended, either way they got what they paid for."
76561198170473963,Recommended,322300,13857313,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,henrijones399,doesnt work always says hero engine client isnt responding. Please fix this might be  fun later on
,Not Recommended,322300,24346352,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SephiaSky,"No update on when I will get Unreal version of the game. No clear plans on what to expect. I remember Face Of Mankind. It was on Early Access, now it No Access. I hope that this game dev would not do the same thing to me."
,Recommended,322300,16060115,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Spomp,kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
76561197993212045,Not Recommended,322300,30710636,Posted: 24 March,all,Bowmark,"Would love to recommend this game since it is so reminiscent of SWG.  But it needs a year or two to be playable.  FAR too many bugs and a ton more from when it went dark over a year ago which makes no sense.  Too many graphics glitches, mobs shooting thru walls but you cant fire back, etc...  Great crafting system but needs a huge playerbase to make it effective and there is no playerbase atm.  Try later this year if there is a sale."
76561198055401370,Not Recommended,322300,24887872,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,telothynus,"I really tried with this title.  It's choppy in high density areas, and the quest system is needing some ironing out.  It also could use some really good tutorials that you don't have to squint to read.My big problem with this game is this - if you're going to compare yourself to SWG and UO, at least have a good game story to back up the game itself.  I wish I could get my money back on this one.  Early access was never a bigger waste of my dinero, and I'm actually very tolerant of problems with betas.  All other problems aside, this game just doesn't have the story to match all the game mechanics and flashiness."
76561198026527926,Not Recommended,322300,18946486,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,spam,"EDIT AGAIN:  Developer who abanoned the game sold it and now a new group is working on developing it.  Game is back up.  Still can't recommend it, but at least it is up and running, and a dev group is working on it.  From the forum posts it sounds like they are making progress.EDIT: Decided to check on progress and found that the servers have been down on a ""temporary basis"" since December.  Seems to be some financial issues and a desire to switch to a cheaper rendering engine embedded in the matter, so be cautious with any product from this company, as support could falter.Original Review:Game is in Beta, and crasshes regularly, particularly when crossing map bounderies.Pros:Skill based is at least different from the typical experience based MMOStarting area can actually teach you a lot about the game if you read the dialog and play.Cons:Sandbox is nice in theory, but there still needs to be an objective.Generated missions are repetitive and have no realy story to them.The crafting system is way too complex for my taste.There is a LOT of grinding to level individual skills.Conclusions:Game is OK, but not yet ready.  May not suit everyone's taste."
,Not Recommended,322300,18975554,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Parker,"interesting concept.. the only problm i have with this game is that i was dumped into the world with virtually no instructions on what to do or where to go, its kindof a fend for yourself scenario.. and as far as i can tell, this game is for hardcore players, and requires alot of paitence, gathering recources is long but theyve made it more interesting/harder by adding a quality mechanic.. i did get bored very easily and i wouldnt buy it again"
76561198045066397,Not Recommended,322300,21377216,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,CW,Dead game. So much promise. But the follow through lacked. Maybe they will pull it together in the future.
76561198723844965,Not Recommended,322300,31388536,Posted: 26 April,all,Karrion NightStalker,"Time to update review.Graphics out of date, think 2003. Client in definite need of being cleaned up. Controls and targeting are temperamental at best. Barely survive a fight, need a second to recoup, your client and it's clunky controls have a surprise for you, you now have 3 more things that you've inadvertently attacked and are now headed to the cloning station. Driving along on your bike, randomly dismount for no apparent reason. Cross two zones, crash to desktop, in fact you'll spend more time logging into the game then actually playing it.Open Skill system pretty much means that eventually, no matter how long it takes everyone will have the exact same skills as everyone else. Which will have the end effect of no variation in combat, pve or pvp. It also means that everyone will eventually be able to craft everything in the game thus making participating in the economy pointless. It'll end up being like any other MMO out there that you seen where a handful of people will own the market doing the 1 credit undercut game.PVE in this game is pretty much go kill lair, for those that remember swg and the lairs there, you all know how boring this ends up being. Pretty much toss down 2 turrets stand back and watch the mobs get mowed down, then loot and harvest... Can we say YAWN.The open skill system also promotes solo play, being as you can do everything yourself why bother interacting with anyone else?Skill up on use system, yea that's right all you have to do is use an ability in any given skill set and it will raise the skill. Over all effect is, you can macro and afk any skill in the game to top level just takes a little time, but less time then actually playing the game. What's even more is you can raise several skills at once.. wanna raise crafting, entertainer, and various combat related skills at the same time while you sleep.. this skill up system allows it. What a novel idea for a game, no need to play it to advance, let your $30 controller play it for you while you sleep.What's even more is the crafting and gathering system is the same old type of system that you've experienced for the past 20 years, so don't get excited about any innovations here there are none.. In fact the community is so invested in 20 year old mechanics it's doubtful things will ever change. In fact the poor UI design will make you want to toss your computer out the window.All in all for a sandbox type game where they are supposed to promote interdependence and socialization they in fact do everything they possibly can to promote you to play solo and discourage interdependence and socialization.Open world PVP, to this day i cannot understand why game developers would limit themselves to a niche market, essentially cutting their customer base to a fraction of what it could otherwise achieve. Take any game that has multiple rule set servers you will see 20 servers, 5 of which will be forced/open pvp and the other 15 will be non-forced pvp relying on consensual pvp and then be split into 2 subgroups of normal and RP. What we learn from this is that only about 30% of the population really likes the forced pvp concept. So once again why would someone in the business of making games for profit limit their potential customer base? It's like cutting your own throat.Now this games does what you've seen in other games it splits the world up into Non-pvp and pvp areas and of course just like other games that have done this the best opportunity for resources for crafting are in the pvp only areas once again forcing someone that would otherwise not want to pvp to pvp. What's even more is this game has decided that if you want to build a player city or nation you once again are forced to pvp.. So essentially those that don't want to pvp end up cut off from a great deal of a game content that they are actually paying for, this is a bad concept that only allows the griefers and gankers to thrive, yet further destroying any chance of community.Overall with the open skill system removes individuality, the on use skill advancement promotes afk game play, the archaic graphics, and 20 year old approach to crafting, resource gathering along with the single point of sales and the forced pvp pretty much insures that you might as well go back to playing wow as you are not going to find anything interesting here.If this new development team were to have any chance at saving this game that should have been left to die they will need to completely gut it and rebuild it into a totally different game then when it started out.Save your $20, google tetris and you'll find more entertainment then you will with this game.As i sit here i have to wonder how many copyright infringements have been made in creation of this ""game""."
,Not Recommended,322300,17204978,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Grumbles,"It amazes me how many people are ignoring basic critical game play mechanics because they want a star wars clone SO BAD.This game doesn't have a solid leg to stand on. Crafting & City Housing could've been, but they're just as broken as every other aspect of this game. The backers are hostile towards anyone who mentions this. The devs respond with, ""Dx 11 & hero engine update will fix everything"". No, it will not. Two patches focused on suckering new players in and keeping backers on top of the economy. Zero attention paid to broken mechanics. Next patch won't focus on any of them either.Map - Completely fubared. Pass 4-5 zones and you're crashing. Teleport = 50% chance of crash. Got a buddy with you? Not anymore, he's invisible to you. Ridiculous amount of holes in the map. Some areas are so bad you get stuck in them. Teleporting out just moves you to another area and brings the bugs with you, if you dodged the teleport crash. This is by far the most broken and frustrating part of the game.Crafting - This is probably the strongest aspect of the repopulation. Still has it's bugs, and it's meaningless if you can't get around to collect resources without back to back crashes, loading freezes, etc.Combat - Clunky, unresponsive, half the time your fittings aren't working and there's no point fighting anything. Buffs are equally screwed up. Most of your time will be spent running away from a fight because of some bs mechanic not working or the NPC bugging out. We see these problems a lot in alphas, we just usually see some sort of progress on fixing them.PVP - Nobody PVPs because combat is garbage. There isn't even an incentive to pvp. A lot of people come in wanting to test pvp and end up jumping threw a lot of hoops just to be able to pvp. Three second fight and... we're done.City Sieges - Doesn't exist. This is how I got sucked in. Fake video with fake city fight. I figured if they were at this point in the alpha it had to be pretty solid, right? Nope. Cities are so broken they should be overhauled before even thinking about sieges.Sandbox - You can't have a sandbox if everyone is shoehorned into what works vs what they want to play.In short, EVERYTHING feels half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with a ""it'll get fixed later"" attitude. This is a small team, big game, and it's alpha, I get it. But how many times are you going to use that excuse? How long has it been in alpha? Who's going to fix it later? Why would you continue building a house on an unstable/broken foundation? Fix something, anything.The backers own the game. They own the cities. They own the economy. They demand new content and get it. And if you try to question the devs about critical bugs not being addressed you will get mobbed by them. The game is perfectly stable and ready for release in their opinion. (your 20 bucks will feel wasted, and 60 bucks for a game this broken is just beyond nuts.)I think people want a good scifi mmorpg, this just isn't it. This one calls itself an alpha, says they're ready for beta, patches like it's open, but feels like a first year alpha. This team's ""direction"" coupled with hostile backers conning people into buying the game has turned this into a ""Stay the F away"" for me. I've seen nothing to indicate things will get better."
76561198032373239,Not Recommended,322300,25497937,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Neikro,"Currently this is a subscription based game. The only options for this game is to pay for the entire year, a $99.95 for 1 person for the year. Most other MMORPG's you can pay per month. What a rip."
,Not Recommended,322300,28986622,Posted: 3 January,all,Elmon,Actually a dead game. They abandoned their old engine and switched over about a year ago and not much has been heard since.
76561197984785857,Not Recommended,322300,26735632,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ronimon,"Asked for refund, didn´t get."
76561198080830871,Not Recommended,322300,26676432,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,General Squad Leader (lukemac),"That trailer is pure lies, you can't be any of those careers.Do not get hyped, you will just buy the game get confused about the controls and then delete the game."
,Not Recommended,322300,16828046,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Someone,"On the face of it, this game could offer everything a fan of sandbox games wants. Yes the crafting is complicated and has huge depth and the game doesnt hold your hand.But deep down, in an attempt to add deep crafting, they have forgot to add any ease of use. For example, to craft a gun, you need to craft X amount of components, and those components need Y amount of items. And to figure out where to get these items from, you have to navigate an over complicated badly written in-game database, which tells you what node is needed to harvest. Once you know the node, you then have to scan while in the respective zone in order to find their location.The animation of characters and monsters is something from early 2005, the movements are sharp and at times 'spikey'. Ability visuals are uninspiring currently and its impossible to tell any visual difference. The graphics as a whole are nothing special either and yet they use a lot of system power. This all may change as there was talk of them using a newer more up to date engine in a future patch.The audio is almost pointless, and the sound effects are uninspiring and just a general laser pewpew for almost every gun..There is little community (at least on EU servers) and the ones i have come across have been verbally hostile/rude, which impacts a sandbox game much more than a theme park, as you require other players assistance to progress (crafting, farming, forming pvp groups etc).The blog states the release is Q4 2015 which concerns me as i see this game still as a very early alpha test.Deep down, the ambition is amazing, SWG + UO is the inspiration behind the game, but they have bitten off way more they can chew."
76561198008117712,Not Recommended,322300,22028762,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ComePlayDie,"I thought this game looked good from the trailers and the description... but man was i wrong!Just about everything is/was below standards, had a hard time enjoying a single moment of gametime, I tried being patient and let it get updates over the year or so but was disapointed everytime and then it gets shut down..Graphics 5/10Gameplay 2/10sound       3/10story         2/1012/40AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!"
76561197997168250,Not Recommended,322300,21270034,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Magma,"Another ""Early Access"" game with a lots of potential that was and will never be truly realized.Months and months of very little communication while the game was left in a mostly buggy and unplayable state followed by a couple more months of the server being offline entirely.When is this kind of crap gonna become Illegal? I can't Imagine slapping the Early Access stamp on a game and saying ""buy at your own risk"" is enough to save these companies asses. Yes I made the decision to buy the game and knowing what I was getting in to but COME ON! 99% of these Early access games never have any intention of ever actually releasing.Really wanted this succeed because it was soooo much like old school Star Wars Galaxies but alas it will be just another failed Alpha I add to the pile of dead games."
,Not Recommended,322300,17759677,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Kuro,"This is an early access review, so this could change at any time if the developer addresses the problem. This game has a lot of good ideas, however regardless of how many good ideas it has it's all for naught if the game isn't fun to play.In this case, the thing that lets it down are janky controls. They feel unresponsive at sporadic intervals; with my character lurching around rather than gracefully sidestepping like I want it to. This problem is enough to mire whatever else could be great about the Repopulation. Regardless of whatever inspired ideas and glorious gameplay are contained within, the controls being so un-fun mean I cannot in good concience give this a favorable review until the controls are sorted.As far as I'm aware the game has been alpha and beta tests for a long time already, and if the controls haven't been fixed at this stage, then I don't see any reason why the developer ever will. And that concerns me. The controls are pretty much the most important thing in a game. Whatever a person does in the game, whatever their interests, whatever they are or aren't interested in, they will still be involved in the fundamental control of their character. The controls are such a basic and rudamentary thing, that I cannot believe that a developer would not get basic movement fixed before moving on to other features.All the other features are all good and well, but if I don't want to play the game becasue the controls are a slog, then I won't be here to enjoy any of the other features anyway."
76561197966511414,Not Recommended,322300,21060482,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mox Powers,Game development stopped. Servers down. Early Access never again.
76561198171667669,Not Recommended,322300,20234790,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Xpresnvdy,Had this game for a year. Wasted my $11 bucks
,Not Recommended,322300,20435862,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kirk Steele,Dead game is dead.... =/
,Not Recommended,322300,18951110,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,[L]therael*,"Extremely complicated game, gameplay looks nothing like it supposed to be. Unless you're willing to spend time learning i would give this a pass."
,Not Recommended,322300,19854562,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,KWS | Leviathan,1 year on and it still seems like a waste of money
76561198026512221,Not Recommended,322300,21388286,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Inspektor,Annother EA Game that has to rewrite the whole code because of....well...reasons..and switch to UE. Nothing to play or Test rightnow so only buy to support if u want .
76561198089933978,Not Recommended,322300,35035897,Posted: 17 September,all,Plutie,"NO, super buggy"
76561198027214516,Not Recommended,322300,20120261,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ECG Hazey,i like to say buy this game . it is a true attempt at a swg style mmo . the game is either goin to die or take along time to get back to where it is there having such issues witht he hero engine they choose that the game is now offline an has to be redone from the ground up. sad farewell to  thee i hardly knew yea
76561198084333506,Not Recommended,322300,19953352,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Đoc Nekros101,"good game by EA got shot down by the people who own the server they thought EA was doing good and shut them down to prevent an apocolipse. 10/10 would FOM againjokes aside it was temporarily shut down due to issues with the server owners the info shared is vauge and so its not for sale atm but they say it ""will"" come back just ""dont know how long"". when i mean if it comes back will update till then not recomended that you try it because you cant try it XP"
76561198070070171,Not Recommended,322300,18837668,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,FTWinning,The controls are horrific. Graphics are pre-2005. Quest and NPC interaction system are very lacking. I'll wait longer to re-review because I hope this game becomes fun... or playable...
76561198082954077,Not Recommended,322300,34726435,Posted: 3 September,all,Varrath The Raptor,I can't even sign in. When I tried to it had me go to a wierd hero engine website and asked me to buy a subscription. I just wanted to play the  game.
76561197997960269,Not Recommended,322300,13631161,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nemesis7884,"You just have to know what it is and what it isnt...i think people who really like extremely complex crafting are going to enjoy it (swg vets? never played it)...everybody else hmmmmm not so sure....The problem this game currently has is that it lacks balance since its extremely focused on the crafting.There is combat - but the combat / movement in this game is so clunky, laggy and unresponsive that its not really ""fun"" its more means to an end - to get crafting material....and thats where i see currently the games biggest flaw...and hope they can massively improve on it.They need to make the combat fun and responsive - otherwise i think this game will fail....and currently, the combat is way worse than vanilla wow when it came out - and thats nearly 10 years ago, so i think you can expect a bit more....But the game is full of wonderful ideas and potential...we will see if they manage to execute...i really hope they can."
76561197976495078,Not Recommended,322300,13817029,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Apollo,"HMMM.... I thumbed down this game. The only reason for it is the alpha state of the game. The lack of polish really shows. Wonky UI, lag spike, general unresponsiveness, memory leak, etc. To me this make this game not worth my time right now.  As the game improves and the devs put things right, the game will be a good game, that WILL worth the money. Many of us has a craving for something like this since SWG. The nostalgia is strong. This game has the promise to bring those days back. The crafting is already massive, complex system. Castless character development, open PVP, lots of customization options. What not to like? I didn't regret buying the game, but the current state caused too many frustration. I definetely gonna come back when the game will be more developed. The potential is HUGE, but not right now."
,Not Recommended,322300,28251158,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,wazthatme {GG},So can I get a refund?
76561197996182522,Not Recommended,322300,30630886,Posted: 20 March,all,David6768,"Died for a year and a half and is now for sale again with zero added content, bug fixes or updates of any kind. Wait on this one!"
,Not Recommended,322300,16278755,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Feury,"This game has some serious potential.  It already has things I find as glaring deficits in most modern RPGs/MMORPGs: the basis for a robust economy,  a complex crafting system that requires specialization, cooperation, and market use (and abuse!). It has player housing, both instanced and open world. I thinik it will be interesting to see how these pan out in the long term.All this game needs now is a driver for demand:  A population that has a reason to need or want the large myriad of items that can be crafted.  How to draw a population? This is a no brainer.  Incorporate some features that other games have already done well: A good combat system, good end-game content, and good aesthetics options, both in character and the characters' possesions.  Character development is key in keeping players. The Repopulation still seems to be (understandably, given its developmental stage) lacking in these areas.  However, it is definitely one to keep an eye on in the coming months!For now, I don't recommend picking up this game.  While it is promising so far, it does have a long way to go in order to become viable.  If it ever gets to the point that I think it's worthwhile, I will update this review and change my recommendation!"
,Not Recommended,322300,18296532,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Praise KEK,"I have to give this game a thumbs down for now, but if you like old school MMO's and supporting inde devs, then you should by all means pick up a copy.  At this point the core systems of combat and crafting need complete overhauls.Combat is wonky, especially with melee combat.  They attempted a hybrid tab target with crosshairs and they didn't succeed at either one.  For an old school mmo they really need to stick with an old school tab-targeting system.  They tried to add a self aiming mechanism and it simply doesn't work well.They attempted to do a 'deep' crafting system, but they ended up with a convoluted mess of a system with tons of materials with various qualities that simply don't make sense.  I appreciate them trying to do an intricate system but they completely forgot to include intuitive, logical systems.  It needs to be overhauled.Other than that the PvE and PvP are nothing special.  There's potential with this title, but they need to lock down the core systems before I can recommend this title.  I hope they do better in the future."
76561197978970739,Not Recommended,322300,21575133,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,MISG,"The game is dead, save your money."
,Not Recommended,322300,20894483,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Cringelord,"They stopped working on The Repop. instet they are working on ""Fragmented"" a Survival/Crafty/Buildy game like Rust and co. The Bright side is ALL who buyed The Repop will get a FREE version of Fragmented"
,Not Recommended,322300,18139575,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Fozzie Bear,"It's a 20yr old MMO with all of the problems of a 20yr old mmo. If you've played EQ1... yea, like that.Open world chat... everyone talks on the same channel at once.Some of the community are helpful, some are jerks. You get to hear it all.You get stuck in walls. Use the /stuck command, like a 20yr old mmo.Your pet runs all over uncontrollably... use the /pet commandThe mobs you kill get stuck in walls... unfortunately there's no /drag yetWant a quest? Go find one... good luck. They're all over, and text based. Get 10 of this, 20 of that, whatever.Want to skill up? There's a skill window with more skills than members of congress.. Greeces congress. What any of them do or how the over complicated skill system works? I've no idea and don't have the patients to figure it out.It's unoptimised, poorly rendered, the animations are sureal, and the chat is a mess of everyone talking over each other to the point that arguments erupt left and right, so GM's have to get involved.Basically the games a mess. I like the premise, I really wish there was a decent SciFi mmo out, but there's not. This game needs a LOT of work before it's really playable, and I don't see that happening. Why do I keep getting suckered into paying for pre-release games?"
76561197970461575,Not Recommended,322300,19949953,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,leilanilad,"Dead.Servers offline.Announcement that they ""hope"" to be back one day.DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,322300,17577910,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,b133d 4 u,"Started up game.Game crashes.Tried several more times with same result.Searched forums for fixes.Found fix and implemented it.Played through tutorial.Finished tutorial.Game crashes.Searched for another fix.Couldn't find one.Messaged devs about optimization.Got a reply the same day basically saying,""Sucks to be you.""Uninstalled.Got better computer.Reinstalling.10/10 would get told off again."
76561198027435254,Not Recommended,322300,18274548,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Murder_Punch,"I bought this game months ago and have yet to be able to play. Between the graphics being so unoptimized for me, like stop motion animation bad, to the random mouse cursor dissapearing when it is needed for menus, to the improperly sized fonr IN those menus should I even be able to get them to appear that make reading anything in the settings almost impossible - I have no idea what this game is like. Each time I load it up to see if things have changed and some new and odd thing occurs.I usually like to be nice to games in the 'being developed' pool but this is a bit too far in the shallow end sirs.Haven't even played this yet 1/10 excellent frustration simulator."
76561198107585793,Not Recommended,322300,17423210,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SchuylerA,"First off I want to say that I like this game, it has a very solid rule system behind its gameplay that's almost in depth enough to be a pen and paper RPG.However charging for it at this point is just embarrassing for the devs and mildly insulting for players. Between getting stuck on the edge of a handrail while jumping(go into stealth or change stance to crouch), to getting the first person scope overlay stuck on your screen all the way out to distant third person(go back to character select), to hostile raiders runningintothe giant tree for cover and firing out of it at you(retreat out of range so they charge out of their perma shield). Add in words that are plain out wrong (ofs where ifs should be ect.) this game just isn't at a point functionally where I'd really feel good paying more then $10 for it.That being said, I love themassiveskill/crafting/gathering system. It took me a couple hours to get my head around it, but as your knowledge of specific plants/recipes and you applicable skill increase you get better quality materials and make better items and equipment out of it. This isnotas simple as it sounds, gather water and log trees then purify the water using the logs as a heat source, then breakdown logs with distilled water and some logs for the heat source to just to make glue. Combat is broken down into 4 melee, 6 ranged, 3 armor classes, plus tactical knowledges, multiple healing types, plenty of different pet-like things, driving and vehicle repair, stealth and awareness.It's massive and I love it and it has so much promise, they need to pay a horde of english students to edit all the flavor and information text, preferably drop the entry price or make it a full demo until it's solidly in beta (I know devs, it hurts not getting the money but you'll get more good interest out of free then why did I pay $20)"
,Not Recommended,322300,21581249,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ackoco,Placeholder negative review until the devs get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.
,Not Recommended,322300,20855111,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Perkstoph,"[EDIT: Kneejerk reaction made due to servers being down, deleted comments as I made a wrong assumption as to the state of development]Server is not up"
,Not Recommended,322300,22056031,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Egeis,"I was recommended this game from some fellow SWG fans several years ago. I subscribed to the newsletter and have been following the development for the past few years.  ""Early Access,"" is not something I normally like to participate in due to several games having been pulled before release, the cancelation of the Star Gate MMO before beta, and decline of the subscription based MMO genra as a whole.A few months ago I decided that it was worth the risk, the game looked more finished than most MMO's Ive participated in Beta with.  I played several hours of the game enjoying it for the most part.  I never liked the walled in feeling of the land, the lack of information around the crafting system, and the dialogue system with the NPCs but none of that is enough to warrent a bad review.Contractual issues aside with Hero Engine and the game developer I understand the hold in the development cycle while they plan an alternative route.  I support a switch to another engine like UE, i think it will be a great step for this game as long as they are happy with the contractual and royalty terms of that engine as well.What I am unhappy about is the development of the Single Player / LAN game based on this concept which has caused them to shelve the MMO for a year and possibly longer before working on the game that they have been advertising and collecting capital for.  There is a word for the wrongful  deception intended to result in financial gain, its call FRAUD.  Now whether this is intentional, accidental, or coencidental is not clear, regardless the possibility exists.The only advantages I can see with Fragmented is the release of game sooner so they can continue bankrolling Repopulation.  The disadvantage is in the simultanius development, while there is some advantage to this on a whole it will mean more delays as support will have to be given over two products at the same time unless they hire even more staff than they had previously id expect slow downs in the development process.I'd give the game an 8/10, the company id give a C rating.  I cannot recommend this game until it is out of ""Early Access.""  The game that I previously recommended before december 2015 no longer ""exisits"" and I feel that the future of the game is in jeopordy, I hope im wrong.[I'll consider revising this review later this year or beyond depending the release of any additional information on Repop, or an explination on the necessity of Fragmented beyond, give the fans something now]"
76561198080431581,Not Recommended,322300,18005506,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Bobmin357,"As it currently stands Repopulation has an incredible amount of potential, but is NOT ready for players. From minor complaints like text boxes containing overlapping text to more annoying things, like the action bars working in strange and unexpected ways, there are a plethora of problems with this MMO that irritate and frustrate the player.There have been a number of updates since I came on board, but not a single update has addressed problems to the User Interface that cause so much irritation. What good are dialog boxes and option settings you can't read?This game might be great, in a year or so, but right now you are better off playing solitare than spending money on it. Come back in a year."
76561197970092791,Not Recommended,322300,28319981,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Quest,Abondoned-- but still no refund yet...
76561198004404059,Not Recommended,322300,25941752,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Vork,"Stay away. This game is basically fraud. The developers should not even be allowed on steam. The engine for this game is a service called ""Hero Cloud"" and it basically went out of business/closed because it was terrible. This game switched engines apparently, but it is just made of tears and failure now. The developers even tried making up for this amazing failure by giving everyone that purchased this game a copy of ""Fractured"", which is an equally horrific and cruddy game.It has decent graphics, maybe a bit dated ... graphics that are just good enough to make a few trailers and sucker you in.Just go away, seriously, save yourself money.  Its not a SWG clone. Its just not good."
,Not Recommended,322300,31897995,Posted: 22 May,all,[MIAMI] Passmaster,"At the moment (5/22/2016) I would not recommend this game.  I think I have 5 hours on record, and no less than twice during each of those hours I crashed.  It's ""Pre-Alpha"" for a reason.  If I hadn't gone over my two hours I'd be refunding it but sadly I can't.  You simply can't get immersed in a game this buggy and crashes so abundant at the moment.Also, if you are still interested even if you can deal with crashing and are combat oriented, also stay away.  Everquest in 1999 had a better feeling combat system than this.  A game releasing anytime past 2010 should have a smoother feel for combat.  It feels clunky, terrible, and information is sparse.  Nothing really explains what does what.  There are no real numbers.  The combat is absolutely terrible.Most people that ""rave"" about the game do so for the ""deep"" crafting.  But unfortunately, that's not everyones thing, and you are better off playing SWGEMU than this right now, even for crafting."
76561198073622660,Not Recommended,322300,29292949,Posted: 16 January,all,{T.T}Mortucus,left the hero engine to remake the game on  the better U4 engine at start of 2016  after hero had finance problems and shut down our servers that we had paid to useall was good we waited over a year for any word any teasers all we got was PR bull s h i tthe devs went brokeI.F the owners of Hero buy the right to repop and plan to put the game back in it's messy bug ridden and just out dated looking pice of poo Hero engine Stateits just been one of them yearswill take baby rngesues to fix this messstay the hell away i beg you till we see what we paid for and if it even is playable let alone close to ready... which it was not on hero last time we all played
76561197986277635,Not Recommended,322300,33905449,Posted: 30 July,all,Tief,"Played this game up until the servers went down long ago for a rebuild into UE Rebuild.  I understood this move for an overhaul and was hopeful.  Unfortunately, it seems the rebuild will not be happening sadly.  Forever an HE build sadly.For reasons I understand why this was sold but the promises fell far short.  For this I cannot recommend this game.I did receive Fragmented for free as a precursor to The Repopulation made in the UE.  The assets generated there would have been used to rebuild The Repopulation.  So, go look for yourself at the screen shots of both games in their current state in the store page.  Fragmented being what Repopulation was going to look like in the UE Rebuild and The Repopulation the state it seems it will stay at.  What killed the rebuild was the proprietary coding/non-transferrable assets that HE requires so games are not portable between different engines.Do know that this game is going through updates currently for the old issues of stability and random crashing in the HE build.The gameplay was unique in Repopulation, player faction cities, a lot more to crafting, and a large world to roam in."
76561197993100945,Not Recommended,322300,20747271,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Littlemama,never finished never will be ...last nail in coffin for me to buy a game not even finished ..like the land in a childs dream .::::NEVERMORE::::::..... RIP
76561198135287196,Not Recommended,322300,26964956,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ekkog,it HAD potental
76561198057055742,Not Recommended,322300,17335339,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,AlexZ-_-Z,"I tried playing it for a couple of hours, i really did, but this thing is just horrible.There are bugs in every single aspect of the game.The first quest i tried to finish - diasrming a mine, was bugged or unclear, it has taken me like 10 attemptsbefore it succeeded, the locations were somewhat desynced so i was just getting ""no target found"" messages.I also have a quest mark on a the minimap but there's nothing there.There's no friendly way to mark on the map where you have to go in order to complete a specific quest.The map itself looks and feels terrible with just a limited zoom in/out levels and horrible icons, the minimap is not better.I am in the training facilities map but there are too many boring quests and npc's around that i don't even know how to skip this area.I only had one fighting experience in this training map and it was probably the worst one i have ever seen, poor indications of what's going on, poor animations, just click to shoot until the enemy died without even understanding what's going on, I like combat in mmorpg games, it was probably the first time i decided to skip the fighting and just run around.I am palying on a pc with i7 4790 and GTX 970 on medium-high settings and still i constantly have terrible fps drops.The game itself look amazingly bad, graphical bugs everywhere, icon indicators are so poor (for example the icon above an npc which has a quest) that when you come close, it looks pixelated.There are no sounds for any of the dialogs I have encountered.It takes a second from the moment i click to open some of the menus until it actually opens it, or when i open the mailbox to see new quest requests, at first it looks empty, only after a couple of seconds it loads the messages.I was really trying to keep playing this so i can write a review about the content of the game, but it feels and looks so bad that i got a real headache so i just closed the game.Even the login screens, the menus, the loading sacreens, look like a temporary draftI can understand it's under development, but I heard they want to go beta by the end of the year.I can't even imagine how this thing can be named something close to a beta in that amount of time..."
76561198037113918,Not Recommended,322300,21185460,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Cronos,"The game was complex, and fun. Sadly it looks like they are re-doing the game, making it one of those simple cookie-cutter games that take no work to figure out. Really sad, I wish a game that had complex crafting could actually survive."
76561197974558724,Not Recommended,322300,22036323,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MOOSKA,why is this company still allowed on steam?  they closed the game down ripped off people that bought this game... they should be removed from steam.
76561198026893193,Not Recommended,322300,19586227,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,BitCeLot,"well tons of bugs(still alpha), combat needs fixing, animations are not good you feel somewhat disconected from the action, plus no players in sight (3.5 hours of gameplay and it would be a miracle if i saw 3-4 ppl, plus other semi-minor negative things like ex. u can't place your house anywhere you want, but they promised you true sandbox experience like starwars galaxies... It has some good features for ex. crafting, but generaly it's not a good game and even if all the features work as intended I don't think many players will play it :P hope i'm wrong! xD can't wait  for this game to go to beta to try it out, but as for now I don't recommend it."
76561198022867151,Not Recommended,322300,17757600,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Green Knight,The extremely complicated crafting system might be tolerable if it was supported by a player trading system that worked.
,Not Recommended,322300,18760903,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,PsYLoW,"I felt the developers wanted to build a super complex crafting system then build the rest of the game around it.  It's very complicated to build the most basic items.  I should not need to consult websites and excel spreadsheets just to craft.  That being said, if you love to craft you'll love this game.  It's difficult to get help in game.  99% of the time if I asked a question over crafting it was met with,""Go read the database"".  I easily spent half the time in game standing at a crafting station reading.  The other half exploring or gathering for crafting.  I wish I could just get my money back."
,Not Recommended,322300,28548426,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DerpieDoo,Why is there still a store page here?   What gives?   You came.. you dazzled us with SWG promisses..  You got our money and you bailed.We dont wanna see this♥♥♥♥♥♥on the store anymore..  and frankly. .we dont wanna see you guys adding anything else to the store in the future.
76561198165333387,Not Recommended,322300,34720464,Posted: 3 September,all,xrazor-dragonx,bought this game because looked fun but more of a headache  then anything. crafting  seriously sucks  no one wants to spend entire time on game trying to figure out crafting more or less it makes me not want to play this game
76561198087178022,Not Recommended,322300,24357778,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Oceanhawk,"Don't buy anythging from these devs. Not only were they stupid in how they went about making this game with an antiquated engine, they got ripped off from teh makes of said engine.  Now whenever anyone posts anything negative about their game, they ban them from teh forumns. So don't waste your time on these horrible devs and their crappy products. I'd rather toss my money into a trash bin."
76561197995690115,Not Recommended,322300,15142935,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Ophite,"I can't recommend this game right now.It's the crafting. And crafting is the core of the game. It's simply not any fun.Some call it deep, but that's just at a glance. It's convoluted and tedious.A complete rework of crafting is needed for me to play this at release.Don't believe me? Think I'm a crafting carebear who wants to be able to craft everything needed and be able to make something in a matter of minutes? Nope. Check the forums here on steam.EVEN THE DEVS NEED TO USE A 3RD PARTY SOURCE TO MAKE SENSE OF THEIR OWN MESS OF A CRAFTING SYSTEM.http://aena.at/craftmap/<--recommended by a dev."
76561198109612725,Not Recommended,322300,24112327,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tombstone-Active,Play a far ammount.  Stop playing or some time.  Come back some time later.  Wont let me connect.  Get a free copy of ragmented.  Im not happy with the end result.  The game is dead.  Whether or not it'll come back is unknown.  For now save your money.  Lets hope things get better.
,Not Recommended,322300,30877277,Posted: 1 April,all,Derp Diggler,"I was one of the biggest hype people for this game prior to it coming out, telling all of my friends and fellow gamers about it etc.  It was decent, the engine had it's issues but that is not the reason that I am giving this a negative revue.  I personally cannot recommend this game at the moment due to the fact that I tried to reinstall the game and everytime I try it starts the launcher and then completely freezes my entire pc during the installation.  It has happened now with the Steam version and with the standalone version.  I cannot get this game to install properly without messing up my pc."
76561197997075618,Not Recommended,322300,16779156,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,[KiLL] Davie,if you want a game with depth so deep its drags you in and then drowns you this is the game for you. There are only a few thousand items you can craft but each of those items requires atleast 10 parts each that you will have to craft from atleast another 3 components each. so consider chasing your tail for atleast 50 to 60 hours for each set of components to craft something. now if you thinking thats ok im not interested in crafting anyway ill just go and hunt well good luck with that too as the second you step foot outside the cities you die and that just keeps happening then you are stuck with death sickness which means you can never gain any skills and dont think you can just log off and back on again the sickness will still be there. then there is the remote possibility that you manage to survive long enough to kill something and gain a few level in the skills you use thats all well and good until you realise you need atleast 200 for the next weapon and more money then you can imagine so at the end of the day if you do get this game start with medium or heavy armor and get a medium range gun and be prepared to die alot like more then every 3 minutes. YOU WILL spend more time dead in this game then any FPS game you can buy atm and it has horrible balancing atm anyway peace out
76561198000762322,Recommended,322300,31877336,Posted: 21 May,all,Jog,The game I brought is back so its a pos for me.
76561198045390393,Recommended,322300,19801371,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SpaceMariner,Lets hope this game will good! :D
,Recommended,322300,24926917,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Bomb_Bomberson,.......any day now.
,Not Recommended,322300,21035543,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ballsy Bouncing Ball,"Well, I must be sincere here with our community. So lets start, I'm a old school gamer as you can notice so I could write a very detailed review here to point out everything that can be good and bad but instead I will make a simpler review.I'm an old Ultima Online player and I was hoping this to be the next of the amazing gameplay that Ultima Online offered, but no I was wrong and I know that for sure because I have installed and played Ultima Online just to make sure and the game still is good and how it was before so I was very disappointed to say that I believe this game to be bad.First it was a kickstarter, then somehow their engine GOT ROBBED??? like WTF they lost their engine, how someone can be so irresponsible about their contracts and people they work with??? like I'm from Brazil and here we have much more professionalism than what was shown by the developers of this game.Now they will make a game that is like completely unrelated, It will be a FPS. Like wheres the RPG, wheres the building and fun stuff. In the Repopulation Game they made like tons of crafting ranks like who the **** would even bother to search for something so difficult to access. As the people of this planet evolve the gameplay must evolve as well.We do not want a hard system, in fact we want easy systems that can cooperate with full gameplay time and half or quarter or weekly gameplay, like we want an afk gathering resource system (like ""EVE""/""RF ONLINE"" has). Also in Ultima Online we could always relay to UO Assist, Razor, Easy UO and Injection.So yeah, the pvp was not even half the adrenaline you had in Ultima Online. Like, the first person mode was okay but the rest was very very bad. Like skills system to evolve was bad itself. It needed an afk lvling system to work with the world of 2016. (like ""EVE"" has).Still I'm not fan of EVE, I'm old school rpg gamer like I've played all the Fallouts and ... not going into details as I said in the title... hope this help you."
76561198031444583,Not Recommended,322300,17561475,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,matt,"Goofy bugs and some seriously uninteresting 'missions.' Lots a grinding and not a very clear objective on your path. I didn't have the pleasure of SWG but if this is anything like it, I don't think I missed much."
76561198236782238,Not Recommended,322300,18125198,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Drake,"dissapointingit has trade skills wich are a requirement for me playing rpg games but the resources are you must kill endless amounts of mobs, or farm very spuratic resources scattered so far across a pointlessly large landscape.combat its just as bad as trade skills with the mobs you can handle mixed in with ones you cant and also scattered across a pointlessly large landscape.pro tip to devs...... shrink your world and cut resource requirements for trade skill crafting in half"
76561198075019418,Recommended,322300,29836110,Posted: 10 February,all,Angel Kat,"There is a alot of hate for this game, and its kinda stupid that alot people are hating on Idea Fabrik when AB tech lied to us, they promised a swg like game, fine... then we got an ARK clone instead! F****** LAME! If they had actually remade TR instead of the   s*** f****** w**** of a game fragmented we wouldnt really care about the hero engine version and Idea Fabrik wouldnt even be remembered. I dont care who owns the Repopulation as long as they either leave the game as is or fixes the bugs maybe polish some things, and they do change things to change them for the better not a whole new game thats not what we were promised.MAKE THE REPOPULATION GREAT AGAIN! - his majesty God King lord Donald J Trump (with an excutive order of course)Let us make sure history never forgets the game Repopulation - Capt. PicardThe repopulation needs more Lebensraum - his majesty God King lord Donald J TrumpMay The Repopulation be with us- every jedi everThe Repopulation IS the will of the gods...and I? I AM their PC -Elite from Halo 2000 e3 trailerid walk a mile for the repopulation - the Camels guyyou havent played the Repopulation until youve played it in its original klingon - General ChangIF it ever gets gud we'll buy that too - DisneyThose Quote were never said i made them up for fun"
76561198016643830,Not Recommended,322300,23743109,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Nafka,Problmes left and right now on a shut down....what a waste of my money.
76561197989270269,Not Recommended,322300,17442643,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Combat Wombat,"Tried to love this game but it's clearly not ready at the moment and really should not be a paid early access. I may change my mind once it releases but currently, no, it's not a worthwhile purchase unless you specifically want to support the project. I wish Steam gave the option of a caveat and not just a yes/no choice in this matter as while i cannot recommend the game in it's current state, it is still something quite unique in the current mmo genre and is to be commended for trying to do something old school and not follow the usual mmo cookie-cutter path.The main problem is this game relies on an active community of players to drive the economy and the social aspects of the game, currently the population on EU is around 20-30 players at peak times which renders the ecnonomy sterile and the world more so.Their biggest problem and the main reason for this is there will be a server wipe pre-launch, so anyone who owns the game is staying away as there is no point in playing or progressing as it'll be wiped. This is cyclical as you can imagine. No players, no economy, no social aspects to a player economy driven social centric mmo.Additionally the likenesses made to SWG should be taken with a pinch of salt. SWG without the Star Wars aspect loses a massive amount of it's draw. The crafting in TR is touted as deep, but it's not really the case, it's just unnecessarily complicated.Players complain of lag and latency issues, which i also experienced although not as bad as some have claimed. My computer is high spec as well, It seems the issues are client side. Most likely poor optimisation but this is to be expected from an alpha really.The combat is one of it's biggest flaws, i have hopes they will improve it pre-launch but right now it's pretty basic, glitchy and feels extremely dated and clunky. For a game that claims to emulate SWG it's mildly annoying that it's combat is inferior to a game that predates it by about 12 years.With beta approaching i still have hopes the devs will step-up and fix the multitude of problems, but the real issue for me is its impossible to know how this game will be come release. If nothing changes, it might be a serious flop and thats a concern for anyone invested in games of this type."
76561198007624526,Recommended,322300,23257326,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,jingles_dxx,ok
76561198014846969,Not Recommended,322300,17886730,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,norton.grey,"Unplayable in present form, 20 minute load time very cluncky, mouse disappears, clipping happens often, 20 minute reload, text in game is often unreadable. Nice concept and potential, but not at present"
76561198188468351,Not Recommended,322300,17437602,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Theplague,"This is without a doubt the clunkiest interface I have seen in a loooong time.Expect no less than hourly crashes, and more often if you actually MOVE about the game, or open any windows.It has some cool elements like SWG had, their complete and total lack of direction leaves 90% clueless on what to do where to go, which I understand to a point in a sandbox.Expect the buttons to stop working, expect getting stuck on the tiniest of things, expect to die because you are unable to DO anything at all.Storage is a joke, they charge you 100% for each ""increment"" of storage.  For example for $5,000 you get a TOTAL of 50 slots, for $15,000 you get a TOTAL of 75 slots.  If you buy the 50 slot upgrade, the 75 slot STILL costs $15,000.The amount of storage available to you is ridiculously small when you take into account the sheer number of things REQUIRED to make a single item.  Again, if you have a life, or want to play casual,♥♥♥♥♥♥off.There is actually LITTLE to do in this game other than craft.  So if you have a life, want to play casually, or just don't like crafting, expect to be poor, bored, and not here long.This game can not sustain itself if it is going to JUST be a crafting game, and that is what it looks to be shaping up to.My last comment is it is Early, they have time to fix issues, lets hope they do, I have been here for 2 patches, and see no improvement in ""actual"" playability.  Crashes are NOT decreasing, and the fight between you and the♥♥♥♥♥♥interface is not getting any better.I am LITERALLY only still playing because I am bored as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and don't see anything else interesting."
,Not Recommended,322300,17821056,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ozunu420,"Have to be honest, I played the game thinking it was going to be extremely fun from what i read on the forums and other reviews. I was not impressed at all, during the battles your character will freeze as if you have video lag yet your frames will never go below 60. Be careful when you jump and or rolljump you will glitch if you going up or down a hill. there is no challenge during battles your shield will take so much dmg and barely ever see a scratch. Turtorial is pretty long and confusing at times. Traveling around looking for monsters well your going to travel allot. when i finally got out of the tutorial city i went to the actuall game and found 3 monsters and i walked around for 5 minutes. i dont know if they want to focus more on the social aspect of the game or what but not enough action for me."
76561198220142160,Not Recommended,322300,17886601,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,HoltonTwoGuns,not that great
76561198035978544,Not Recommended,322300,13829548,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Muscadet,"Not enjoyable at the moment.Several crashes by hour, bugged quests, huge lag pikes, erratic pathfinding.However, it's the kind of games I want to play... when it'll be playable without screaming at it.I'll try it again in one or two monthes, hoping in serious progress and optimisation."
,Not Recommended,322300,24015531,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,sammy,I wnat my money back. Not some stupid♥♥♥♥♥survival game that you are going to give me for free because you the devs of the game screwed up. I didnt buy into a survival game. I bought into a MMO.Plain and simple I dont want your surviavl game I want my money back. I bought a game that I cant even play because you dont even have servers to play them on. This game should be refunded for everyone and pulled from steam.
,Not Recommended,322300,30848938,Posted: 31 March,all,Bubba,The game died for a year because of problems with the hero engine but they continue to use a failed engine....... Past will repeat.
76561198153939447,Not Recommended,322300,16450680,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,A230385,"What can I say that won't have the fan boys howling for my blood and getting my posts on the forum deleted?  Clumsy game mechanics, disorganized developers, messy interface and poor information distribution.  I know this is an Alpha, but it's really not even ready to be called that.  More like a pre-Alpha, where the developers aren't even sure what they are trying to achieve and are just stumbling around.Concept is good, graphics are okay, registration process is a total mess though.  I would come back to this game in about 6 months and see if anything has been improved."
76561197972313659,Not Recommended,322300,16760347,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Willemdb,"This simply isn't a fun game, and even with just 4 hours played (90% of which was spent using the character creator and the tutorial) they refused to give me a refund.My biggest issue with this game is the lack of player interaction in a local environment. Most seem to talk in global chat and completely ignore those around them.It reminds me of most of the popular MMOs where local interactions between players are limited to absolute necessity, while people have conversations in global chat that have no relevance to the game."
76561198040296113,Not Recommended,322300,15970100,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Kaloyanov,Poor documentation - in desperate need of good documentation / maps et al.
76561198014975274,Not Recommended,322300,19754666,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Tofu,"I wanted to like this game, I really did but it's horrible. The combat is aweful. Probably the worst combat I have ever seen in a game."
76561198062230611,Not Recommended,322300,18050275,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Hankerfied,I'll let you know as soon as I am able to play it . . .thumbs down for now
,Not Recommended,322300,16735243,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Whxtey,0/10 could not craft purified water
76561197999074020,Not Recommended,322300,15933108,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Shizzuko,"fun game the crafting is pretty deep perhaps too deep in my opinion, but lets just hope it has enough player base to support its crafting on release. the combat on the other hand is overly simplistic and fairly stale with few skills or customization other then gear. i wish they would add anarchy online style combat, it would fit perfectly because they basicly already have a simplistic ao combat just minus the nanos that made ao fun. overall id say 4/10 if you like combat 8/10 if you like crafting sims more."
76561198005618390,Not Recommended,322300,16473617,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gravel,"The game is Far from ready to be in beta. the worlds are empty devoid of life and totally lackluster, Save your money and go play SWG emu if your looking for that kind of game it is years ahead of this in terms of polish and development.You will regret buying this game, I sure as heck did."
,Not Recommended,322300,14051659,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SpaceButler,"I'm not downvoting this because it's a bad game.  Whether you wish to find the following comment deniable or not, this game specifically caters to people who played SWG.  The learning curve is badly conveyed, unless you are familiar with SWG's mechanics.  Even GM's on the server will resent helping you should not understand what to do.  I was not a victim of this, but saw this kind of behavior twice attempting to learn the game myself.As for someone who has never played SWG, I'm going to need something that I too am use to to help me approach the mechanics, and learning curve necessary to push forward.  I'm not asking for a theme-park;  but something needs to be in place to help guide players on what they should be doing after the tutorial, during the tutorial.The mail system for missions seems place-holder, and the animations are clunky.  Yes, yes -- I know it's Early Access.  But it's been known that most people who opt. in to EA generally will never see it finished, or still feel incomplete when it has its initial release.So then why am I stating it's not a bad game?..  Well because it has potential.  There's a lot of growing room here, and I hope that players of both SWG's and not can balance out what they both want for the Repopulation.I'll update this review once the game releases a few more builds and see where it's going."
,Not Recommended,322300,16631575,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,(CGU) Uncle Beebs,"great concept, super confusing. would recommend to people who have a ton of time on their hands to understand every weird little aspect of the game"
76561198013283305,Not Recommended,322300,17851064,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dop Po,"This game is unplayable at the moment unless you enjoy finding bugs, there's plenty of those!"
,Not Recommended,322300,19230631,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,VissyA,"Game wont run. Steam says to delete appcache, which I did. Still wont run. Tried on another machine, still wont run. Tried new $2400 gaming laptop. Wont run. No error codes. Nothing. Just generic error. DIAF, devs."
,Not Recommended,322300,17277867,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Crolpe[T],"Played it until I learned it was going F2P, good game, but it won't be after that."
76561198053092509,Not Recommended,322300,16059822,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,lordraven4,"Before buying I did read that game is in final stage before release....most of features works and they need to do just final polishes before release in 4Q15...Well, this all is a bit very optimistic vision. In reality a lots of basic interface functions doesn't work. If you jump on the wall you stuck..if you jump on the tree you stuck...you can stuck everywhere... The trees mesh cooliders are simple boxes instead of complicated meshes what means that you can't walk next to tree... This indicates how simplistic this project is...Objects disappear randomly...example...I attached harvester to mining node I walk few steppes away then I came back and... node wasn't even visible...(btw it didnt despawned) the object coolider was still there, my harvester still worked but becasue I couldn't click on the object I couldn't take my ore.... node object itself was not visible...only reloging fixed it...but its quite annoying have to relog every time when you coming to mining node(big one for harvesters) and want to use it....Once for a few minutes character can't stop harvesting/interacting with objects.... the only way to unfreeze him is use /stuck or relog... you can go into stealth and this will free your character but still you can only move in one direction -.- so anyway you have to relog or do teleport to the city....Besides... anyone who played ANY other professional MMOPRG will noticed very fast that game really looks not very good... it looks cheap....and rough.... like kind of game anyone can make in Unity engine with few cheap/free props...First time when I launched this game my character was next to me,.. I could move it but...my camera was in different spot...I could see my character on map moving into the wall as I pushed ""W"" but my screen was still static and could do nothing except starring into frozen camera......or next time when I logged I got instant message that due to being AFK I was logged out.... -.-After conversation with NPC your camera movement using right mouse button stops working.... Normally in any mmorpg people use ""W"" to move forward and they just choose direction by using right mouse button and changing camera direction... here after conversation with NPC it stops working and you have to click ESC or use left mouse button for a while....I had a lots of ""fun"" when trying to turn in a quest to moving NPC.... I was getting all the time message that target is out of range...that was interesting......and when finally I succeeded... I noticed terrified that this NPC is going to give me some long conversation....so, I was running after him , trying to click ""right"" answers when the window with answers was moving around screen together with NPC.......Game it self looks like very cheap amateur production done by few enthusiasts friends in spare time.... cheaply done props... and not optimized engine and despite this facts still very bad performance, constant freezes when moving even around low populated areas....(servers had green status when I tested it)Character customization basically doesn't exists....Very not comfortable map to use... bugged skills, like example this tracking... it supposed to show NPC around....but it will NOT show your quest target NPC's ...Mobs instead of moving they teleporting towards you... blinking around......When you unlock and move your character icon with HP bar in different spot than default , after clicking ESC it will come back to default position....Well, it's still ALPHA stage but I don't understand this huge optimistic enthusiasm and this all talking about game is ""almost finished""..... game is far from being near to finish....There is a few good ideas in this game...nice , complicated crafting system.... which I guess is going to be main focal point for most of players who want to try something different than EVE.... maybe skilling process is also interesting.... but that's it....Fighting , shooting, moving really discourage from playing, I really can't see it working during any mass battles or even small pvp...This game require a lot of work to become something interesting and playable enough for players to enjoy it...For now do I recommend this game ? No..."
76561198165438643,Recommended,322300,25358986,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Strlin Red,when i could play the game it was pretty fun there were a lot of bugs but i really didn't care. but now when ever i try to login to the game it just dosen't work
,Not Recommended,322300,28581922,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[DFC] Sensei,GIVE ME MY MONEY BACKGIVE IT BACKYOU TOOK MY MONEYGIVE IT BACK ABOVE AND BEYOND TECHNOLOGIES\GIVE IT BACK VALVE
,Not Recommended,322300,20591500,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BagelX2,Dead in the water early access MMO. Avoid.Development is officially on hold while the developer gave us a bait and switch for a game we didn't want. Another EA wreck.
76561198022017110,Not Recommended,322300,16297124,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,IcovaRook,"As it is It's in alpha, FPS is a serious issue for me, have the lighting so low I strain to see anything, and my character is stuck in mid air. But it's in alpha, these things happen."
,Not Recommended,322300,16482531,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Xiwic,* This game is not worth any money for now unless the fix the SHOOTING and the CONTROLS it feels like its all glitchy and shoting is horrible in the game seems unfunction and unpropper made- Talking to people is horrible to figure out- Shoting animation / Effects sucks ( Grapgic part )- Shoting controls are horrible- no toturial of anything it just click every freaking thing untill you figure it out after an hour of just button pressing.* As much as i would love the game since its everything i liked i can't because of this issues above....
76561198007204987,Not Recommended,322300,17196258,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Tib,"Poorly designed, week storyline. Very week graphics. I hope for and inprovment but thus far what I have seen of the game leaves me really not careing for it at all. I like the complexity of some parts but perhaps they went to far to make it harder than it should have been. Will probbly fail much due to this as it will not appeal to a bigger player base."
,Not Recommended,322300,28854538,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rod Munch,"Garbage, do not buy.Devs tried to downrate my first review so i just deleted it and put this one up. Just dont spend money on this garbage."
76561198038595727,Not Recommended,322300,21010426,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jclaiborne2007,"It is truly amazing that people recommend a mmo that is broken and may never be fixed... The only question is how low is your iq in order to say yes to boken? If you recommend this steaming pile of manure, then what is not recommended by you? Thank god I only spent $17 on this failsauce. This is the last unfinished game I back."
76561197973669178,Recommended,322300,29092108,Posted: 7 January,all,Corpsefool,pff
76561198104305448,Not Recommended,322300,33398978,Posted: 9 July,all,Dieson,"This game would have been ahead of it's time............ In 2001.Terrible graphics, gameplay is extremely clunky, it's an Early Access game that has been in ""development"" for ages now and as far as I can tell 0 work has been done to it since it ""early access"" launched on Steam."
,Not Recommended,322300,14978663,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Kuro no Shinigami,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. The concept seems great and I have friends whom like it, but the game needs a lot more work before I could recommend it to anyone. I found it to be boring, tedious, and had a horrible combat system. I also found the graphics, UI, audio, and game performance to be.... bad. I have an MSI GT80 SLI-001 and everything feels really clunky. I do not write terribly well, but if you want to read more articulate critical reviews then I recommend reading some of the other negative reviews as I basically share their opinion.However, if you like highly complex crafting systems maybe you will get more enjoyment out of it than I found.Otherwise, save your money for now. I just can't bring myself to play it anymore."
76561198083400898,Not Recommended,322300,14236445,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Coom22,You guys should not be charging $39.99 for this game its so bugging its almost unplayable... no extras for buying a close to unplayable game it should be illegal..
76561198081984026,Not Recommended,322300,17764018,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,stealthviper337,I was told this game is a mix with oldschool SWG but I do NOT see it at all. SWG or nothing at all.
,Not Recommended,322300,15118547,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Gwidhw,"Uh...CONS:- Laggy- Confusing- Generic feeling- Not immersive- Didn't like gameplay mechanicsPROS:- Interesting- Yeah....Do I recommend?Sorry, but I can't.Mostly because I couldn't play it, partly because very few people were, and slightly because it's confusing.Who knows... maybe it's better now?Or someone with a super computer can play it better...?"
,Not Recommended,322300,16863900,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,vvrockerdox,"It's early access so I suspect issues will get worked out. For me, it was one of those games where the mouse(cursor) had a annoying lag to it. I found the intro to be boring. Again, EA though."
76561198040792956,Not Recommended,322300,22126535,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sir_Gamer,with the sever down i cant even sa\y much about the game other than its not working
76561198075785660,Not Recommended,322300,13669827,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kailash,"I really wanted to like this game, I have been following its progress for a few years, I like Sci-Fi, MMO's and sandbox games so this really should be a hit with me.Game: The graphics, animations and game play are bad. I understand this is early access and the final Alpha testing phase but that does not account for how bad the core game looks and feels. There are bugs, which is understandable, these can be ironed out and fixed through the Alpha and beta. The mob AI and pathing is very weak but I believe I did see a post from the dev's saying this is one thing to be updated later. The graphics and game play however, I think the game needs to go back to square one with a new engine and artists (Trying not to be rude to the artists, but they really should look into something called colour! Large portions of  grass, mountains, buildings are black, which is also the primary colour for players and most mobs. Seriously it hurts my eyes at times.) The performance seems rather poor, given there are very few NPC's and players. I expect spikes, crashes and disconnects but being stood still with players/mobs jerking past in the open is not what I would expect, nothing seems to flow smoothly.Crafting: Very complicated, too complicated for an average gamer I imagine. Personally I don't mind this, I think it can help the community stronger, force players and nations to work more closely.  It is very confusing and I would hope to see more detailed tutorials played out in the beta's. Where crafting falls down is that you obviously need to gather materials before you can craft; Gathering is boring, looting the same flower three or four times, killing mobs in mind numbing combat, running around an ugly world. I struggle to find a reason to explore when everything looks so bad right now.Sandbox: My “sandbox” experience was rather disappointing. The first training zone seemed a small instanced area and then loaded into a new city area. A quest in this city sends you to visit an apartment/tower block, which was also instanced! A building in the main city is instanced, even though it seemed to lead to one room with one NPC? Then there were quests to go to another zone and housing area which are also seemed to be separate instances/areas.Conclusion:For modern day gamers and MMO fans, I would advise avoid this game, certainly for this phase. I think the game requires a large investment of resources to make the graphics and game play enjoyable.  I believe The Re-population, as things stand, will have a small niche market of retro ex Star Wars galaxies fans who really don't mind playing something without the graphics and game play we have come to expect from games in the last 10 to 15 years.Personally I will check back in a few months to see how the artists have changed the textures, colours, animations and how smooth the game runs; hopefully I will come back and find the game has ported over to the CryEngine – then I’m sure I will be happy."
,Not Recommended,322300,16481505,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nova,Still poopy. Want to edit character better. Sliders suck balls.graphics are subpar...but eh. I can deal with that. Game feels empty though.
,Not Recommended,322300,30906420,Posted: 2 April,all,[PSG] Howie,"Not ready yet for anything. I thought the ""remake"" would change anything, but it looks like it's exactly the same confusing  game as before.Full disclaimer: I do not know how deep or good the gameplay actually is. I was immediately turned off by the extremely confusing ""tutorial"" and the bad graphics. Could be a game for people going for the hardcore retro experience, but it's definitely not for me at this state. And the UI looks like that, too.The game looks like from year 2000 and FPS in combat are crap on my 1070 OC. Animations are bad as well. UI is horrible and looks bad, too.The tutorial does just bombard you with - sometimes multiple overlapping - popup windows to read huge chunks of text, often while in combat. And it doesn't even make a good job highlighting important information, like hotkeys.And then I got to actual combat, which consists of standing around and pressing a few buttons.I quit 15 minutes in, couldn't get myself to play this any longer."
,Not Recommended,322300,13618047,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Pinkeh,"Revised my review with a bit more detail.Purchased after reading the description, seeing a few videos and thought i might give it a go. It is too early to tell given the state of the current game. Keeping in mind that Steam doesn't offer refunds, the price of entry into the Early Access build and the general state of the game right now, my recommendation is NO.After 10 hours of playing this game i can not recommend this game in its current state. Knowing that it is in alpha you expect problems, bugs or things that just dont work. Well a lot of things don't work and it makes it very difficult to enjoy the alpha build.The main draw of this game is going to be the extensive crafting system which will requires lots of time and resources to get to. Not going in to that in 10 hours of exploration/experimentation.GAMEPLAY ISSUES- Graphics: It's like we went back in time to 2004. The graphics are dated, the textures are muddy, it looks quite horrible. I don't think I can stand much more than 1-2 hour sessions at a time. Frame rates dip drastically between zones when i assume loads new assets into the game, but then the client stutters and freezes and continues to do so until you quit the application and restart.- Crafting requires lots of experimentation, which also means that you have to spend hours gathering material or killing things. Not seeing much fun in either ventures in the current build. Some people love this sort of thing but I don't see the point in spending so much time to build a basic weapon early on. Sucks all the fun out of the game for casual crafters.- Background Music: I turned it off. It was quite annoying.- Controls / UI: Clunky. Half of the time all the buttons stop animating so you have to reset the game to resolve UI glitches. WASD makes the character move, but the camera leaves little to be desired. When walking into rooms with low ceilings i tend to clip the floors or have to zoom into first person to see anything. I play the game at isometric aerial view because it gives me better spatial awareness. Playing over the shoulder or in first person gives me headaches.- Poor navigation / pathfinding: The game needs better cartographic elements. Symbology is also rubbish. The mini map also do not reflect the landmarks on the ground so it's a constant struggle to find important NPCs and places of interest. Developer needs to take cartographic lessons and map making classes. You're expected to use your tracking skill to locate certain NPCs, man i could not be bothered after an hour or so running around the city spamming that tracking button.- Frustrating learning curve because of cryptic tutorials / quest information. Job offered to player: Go to A and pick up package to delivery to B. No information as to where A or B is. Up to you to track down A and figure out where B is. Reward is not worth the effort.- No audio feedback: Fire a weapon, no audio. Monster attacks you, no audio.- Questing system is a chore, and you struggle to do basic fetch, delivery and kill quests because of insufficient information. These are staple game mechanics in sandbox MMOGs and it struggles to even deliver basic missions.- Looting needs to be quicker. Right now it takes up to 5 seconds to begin the looting process, then a window takes over the screen. If you cross into the path of another beast, you begin your attack rotation but then the loot screen from your previous action blocks your view. You die.- Extracting process needs to be quicker/efficient. Took me a long time to figure out what ""enhance corpse"" and ""enrich nodes"" meant. It is more of a hassle in hostile zones too because you're taking around 30 seconds between corpses trying to improve the grade of the corpse, and then you cross the path of a hostile  roaming player / monster, and you die.- On the advice of many people playing the alpha, I skipped the crafting and focused only on combat jobs and killing things. There are other job offers that are sent to your mailbox but I lost all motivation to do them because of the struggles with finding NPCs and places of interest.COMBAT- Roleplayed a sniper. Take a rifle out in to the woods. Interesting that the damage varies depending on distance between you and the target. Problem arise when monster agro circle is larger than the optimal range of my weapon. So you run into the monster's range, it starts attacking you before you can pull off your first shot. The monster is in your face and you're doing minimal damage. You die.- Automatic weapons is ok, but the optimal range is basically in your face. If you're not heavily armored, you die.- Didn't try other weapons.- Found a level 26 goat in a level 10 zone. Didn't realise it was that much more difficult until I agro'd it. What's up with that? I don't mind that a higher level monster is in the zone, but nothing indicates that it was more difficult until I started attacking it (the ""level"" of the monster didn't show till it was attacking me) and obviously i died.RECOMMENDATIONAt this stage i do not recommend it. The alpha build is not fun and there are many gameplay elements that do not do the current build any favours.It is currently not worth my time to continue testing as it was quite disappointing.Picked up the game during Steam 2014 Christmas sales at $33. I regret this purchase when there are alternative sandbox MMOGs available."
76561198060284272,Not Recommended,322300,31073052,Posted: 10 April,all,Larik,"First I've been playing Frag. until Repop. relaunch. Fragmented is fun easy to learn but a little boring. Repop. is fun but the crafting systems sucks. Way to many items to make to make 1 item. I shouldn't have to craft 6 items for ingredients to make 1 main item. Very slow to learn no good instructions really a few NPC quests kinda help you out but after that good luck.The housing is a joke. I have seen a few videos online about housing and it looks cool. Nope 2000 credits for a plots, then you have to find and buy building blueprints 2000-10000 credits. Wait it gets better now you have to pay rent on that every 2 weeks. Not worth it. Guess I'm out 2000 bucks.If you just want to run around and kill stuff and do a few random quests and you have 20 US dollars to to throw away. Go for it. I think I will stick with Fragmented."
76561198008825121,Not Recommended,322300,15726498,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Dirkki,"Seems to be in a definite Alpha version.Can't access the game at all. Just get an ""Invalid Cache"" message at the launcher and that's it. Tried installing the game again in vain.Can't recommed a game that doesn't launch.Hopefully the devs enjoy the money I just gave them..."
76561198194551631,Not Recommended,322300,16890268,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,hokey,the beginning is a cheap immitation of star wars the old republic. like ui and all
76561198030135171,Not Recommended,322300,13949364,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Laurence,"Not worth 40 dollars if you are looking for a playable game.  This is a very very early alpha draft and is a good start, but paying for such an early draft is not worth 40 dollars. I feel as if I paid to help fund a friends programming project.This game is no where close to the playable level the in game pics imply.  I would wait for a couple of years and then try the game if you want to really want to evaluate a alpha closer to beta version.Alpha testing to help develop a project is fun and rewarding.  I have done it for many games.  You should not have to pay for such an early draft."
,Not Recommended,322300,32971637,Posted: 28 June,all,123,A total joke of a game lol
76561197994852595,Not Recommended,322300,15169562,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Jacabon,Currently the terrible UI makers this game unplayable. If/when this gets fixed I will return.
76561198003862678,Not Recommended,322300,14677787,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,EMax,"BUYERS REMORSE:As a long time hardcore player of SWG I was excited by the hype and anticipation for this game and have followed its development since 2012.  When I saw early access on steam I opened my wallet and decided to give it a go... it took me a single session of frustration to realize what a mistake I had made and what a lie the advertising has been.Where to start... well first thing you will notice is character creation.  Simply put, it is awful.  It is one of those systems that is intended to make the player feel like you have unlimited customization but in the end still cannot produce the result you want.  The player is given lots of meaningless options but even then it is frustrating to control (more on this later) as it is one of ""those"" character creators where adjusting one slider pushes three others.  Character design is ultimately unappealing so you better like wearing your helmet.  The entire character creator (and the character models for that matter) needs to be rebuilt from the ground up IMO.My next and probably largest complaint is with the controls and interface.  Much like character creation, we are given the illusion of lots of choice, but none of the choices we want or need.  I found myself wrestling with the controls constantly... not a good sign and it really takes away from getting into the game.  Remember the smooth, user friendly controls and interface from SWG that felt good to the touch and allowed you to become easily immersed in the world?  Apparently this design team does not.  Being able to ALT between mouse mode and third person would be a huge step in the right direction, but merely scratching the surface of what requires a complete overhaul.Graphics:  Well, in fairness one should not expect too sophisticated of graphics from any MMORPG if you want complexity in the world while maintaining playability.  But some of the design choices here are just.... baffling.  The aspect ratios and fonts are such that I was suffering eyestrain and a headache after a mere 2 hours of play.  On top of that, the world is drab and lifeless aesthetically.  All browns and greys.  Lots of darkness.  It simply does not LOOK interesting.  Already mentioned that the characters look like garbage.  I do not kid that in addition to the physical discomfort I felt a bit depressed after playing for a couple hours from looking at such an uninspired landscape and world.The game world is horribly scaled, a trend I see shared with more and more MMOs of recent times.  By this I mean, every structure you enter is enormous and out of proportion... large vacant spaces with colossal head space and lots of meaningless filler.  Remember in SWG, you would enter a structure and the proportions made sense?  The rooms were filled with items in what appeared a logical and meaningful way?  When you walked the streets of say, Coronet, nearly all of the buildings had some function and the scale of it all made sense?  This new style of MMO world gives us big, vacuous structures meant to provide the illusion of vastness.  It asks you to walk 3 minutes from one drab structure which is identical to the next in order, save for some stupid billboard outside.To further compound the frustration of the experience, I could still feel the ""rails"" beneath it all.  This game is by no means a true sandbox in any sense.  It may have some sandbox-like qualities, but to compare it to SWG is an insult.  I was getting more of a ""Star Trek Online"" and ""Old Republic Online"" vibe from this game.  If you are a fan of those games but prefer a drab, lifeless, brandless sci-fi setting, then this may be the game for you.If you came looking for the next SWG...... ""move along""."
76561198021626720,Not Recommended,322300,15467853,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Tree,honestly.... frustration is the one word i would sum up my time spent in the repop...
76561198024777028,Not Recommended,322300,14154246,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SoCalExile,"So far this game plays like the beta for Fallen Earth, with better character models. The UI is clunky, the combat is terrible, and game mechanics are poorly explained. Overall, save your money and wait a few months for more polishing, but I am not expecting much myself."
76561198147072355,Not Recommended,322300,14134294,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,CincyDog,Expected problems since its an alpha.Played it for about one month.It seemed everything I tried to do in game was bugged or not working at all.I think the game has a large map but I can't say for sure since I'm returned to the loading screen everytime I enter a new square on the map.It never loads and have to force close the game.When you get back in game your dead from the npc's thus having to start all over back at top of map only to repeat again and again.There is no way to travel other than a few quick travel points the rest you have to walk or drive.No matter how the game ends up being when and if its ever done my mind is made up that I will not spend another cent on this game.
76561198077492797,Not Recommended,322300,34206348,Posted: 12 August,all,Candyman,bad controls play like a 2002 mmo :( slow not fun
76561198055407439,Not Recommended,322300,14448184,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,khrock,"If you want to play melee dont waste your time with this game. If you want  a good shooter experience dont waste your time with this game. If your a masacist about crafting this maybe your game. there are so many bad bugs its unplayable as melee, pathing of mobs is the worst Ive seen, glitched untargetable mobs that kill you but you cant touch them."
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,322300,14374420,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,treycox33,"If you buy this game, you are truely on your own. The hud is hard to read and not well thoughtout. You are given missions but you cant find contacts and /or areas because of the terrible map and icon setup. I have played for several hours and I am no further along than when I first installed it."
76561198063950904,Not Recommended,322300,14357158,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,pennyvise,"This game is so terrible on so many levels I dont know where to start.  First it is a hero engine game which they don't tell you until you buy it so the gameplay is miserable and graphics are bad.  I run an extremely top end rig 3x GTX 980s Haswell 8 core, 64 gigs of ram and the graphic lag makes it nearly impossible to even tell where I am running.  The combat and interface just feel soft and make very little sense I.E. sometime you need to right click something, sometimes it is a double left click something you need to double click an item, click a question mark, double click another item to install it and half the time the window gets stuck on the screen requiring you to log in and out.  I understand this is an alpha but this game is in the closed alpha stage where no one except developers should be playing it.  The fact that it has been in development for several years and is going to be released on the hero engine platform make this game a complete waste of time. Whoever left all of the amazing reviews for it must be on the staff."
76561198150554400,Not Recommended,322300,14501868,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Reaper,cant get into this game its laggy and resource intensive i can run far cry 4 on ulta and can barley run this on med feel like i should get a refund what a rip off
76561198094812371,Not Recommended,322300,14082446,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Volkoth,"I know this game is in Alpha, and they have many disclaimers posted all over the game and on Steam stating the game is in Alpha. We are told to expect bugs and an overall unfinished product. This game will be a free to play business model whenever it finally 'releases'. As such, I don't know what possessed me to plop $40 of my hard earned money on this game, and I sincerely wish I could get a refund.First, before the Fanboys start the flaming, let me say I am a hardcore SWG fan and played the game from initial release until the end, and let me say this game does a good job at recreating the general feel of SWG right down to the UI. But something is lacking.I find it ireprehensible that this game is in such a horrid state of development after the amount of money people have pourd into it and the amount of time the game has been in development. The development of this game began in 2008...yes, almost seven years ago. It's 2015 now and we are no closer to release then we were in 2010 when they switched engines for this game.The problems of this game start in character creation. with the general premise of the game, I understand there is only one race, humans. Thats fine. The issue is in the general lack of options. The control scheme in creation isnt very intuitive, and your face always looks the same. The only real way to change the general look is to make your character fat or skinny and slap facial hair on them. Even after that they still look like shiny claymation characters.Then you get in the gameworld and get to stumble through the shoddy tutorial. SWG honestly had better graphics and ran jus as choppy. and how old is SWG. Also, when you get in game you realize the terrain is horrendous, the rocks and stones look like cardboard and the grass looks like pipecleaners. The town's feel vacant. Most NPC's don't serve a purpose or show any signs of AI. When you get into combat, the laser effects are downright cheap and goofy.The premise for this game is great, the vision is epic and the spirit of SWG is there, but after close to seven years of development and a lot of consumer investment, I expect better than this rough shod heap. If you are thinking about paying $40 for an Alpha, remember it's an alpha...seriously. And there are no signs after playing it there will be a release any time soon."
76561198018453980,Not Recommended,322300,14927272,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Osiris,"Going to have to give this a thumbs down in it's current state.I will revisit the game in several months and see if it merits a change to this review.The game has overly complex, poorly implemented, and poorly defined game mechanics.Entry barriers, to do anything other than shoot stuff, are very high.The crafting system is very complex, overly so, and relies on an in game database that is hard to navigate and only vaguely describes the processes required.Combat is very weak, especially melee, and the mob ranking system is convoluted.(sometimes a mob is easy to kill and sometimes the same mob will kill you in one hit because you forgot to take time to mouse over every mob and decipher the bizarro rank system)2/3rds of the maps are PvP, only 1/3rd of the game maps are available to players that do notwish to PvP.The mapping system is both weird and broken, needless arrows constantly popping up, can't find mission goals some of the time. The minimap is completely useless and I covered it with the shift-m map (because the regular M map is totally trash no one uses it).The housing system is not easy to use and provides nothing in the way of storage, it has no benefit except to set up a player store and that store can only be used if players stumble across it or you have sent them a waypoint to find it.Progression is based on repeatedly using a skill and will require many, many, hours to gain ground. (casuals will not progress much)Every activity is super grindy, you will have to spend dozens of hours searching and gathering before you can make even simple items.The mission system is the same, repeat, repeat, repeat, with most missions just running back and forth for very little reward.The game will cater only to the hardcore that can spend many, many, hours in game.If you have no life, no job, no family, this game will help to fill that emptiness.The UI is poorly implemented, windows are not locked to screen edges, text overlaps and overruns windws and text on the mission review is so small it is nearly impossible to read.It's graphically at least a half dozen years out of date, characters are truly ugly and the maps are quite dull and colorless (with the exception of dull green/brown.)Character animations are absolutely awful, very amateur.Zone lines are the worst I have ever seen in an MMO, textures do not match and it is a horrific stutterfest of 2 FPS crossing them.(oh what fun to stutter across a zone line only to be insta killed by a plant...)Runs on the Hero engine...I understand this is an ""alpha"" but as it sits this game has too many weaknesses and a super grind style gameplay that will only appeal to a small number of people.Do I regret spending $15 on this game ?No.Would I buy it given what I know now ?No."
76561198113958443,Not Recommended,322300,17177115,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Freezacan,thanks for wasting my money you force me to tell you every detail about my PC and my life you dont tell me how to restart the cache it misleads everyone you ♥♥♥♥ing faked all the support
76561198093768306,Not Recommended,322300,13691553,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Raff,"Hey, i know its e.a. but at the moment the loading times are ridiculous, i mean i finish a quest and it takes my character 5mins to load! , im not saying this wont be good just saying wait a bit unless you want to work for testing on the game for free."
,Not Recommended,322300,31582639,Posted: 6 May,all,Itchy,So when do the patches begin to roll out??
76561198154132000,Not Recommended,322300,13705564,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kmasterz,"Been Looking For a Decent RPG, Massively Multiplayer, Sandbox Game... So Was Glad to see some positive reviews about this game... So i decided to give it a try... Man... I should have read the Negatives instead of just the Positives...Steam should offer 24hrs money back or at least Trade-backs for Early Access Crappy Games that are not playable...This game is Ugly, Clunky, Confusing, Repetitive, Bug riddled, and Boring. I'm generally willing to overlook issues that others are not. But man, this game gives me a headache. Not because it's hard, because it isn't - but the graphics, UI, Map, Minimap Music and Audio are just all so poorly implemented that it literally makes my head throb in pain.Some of the graphics, especially of the terrain, look ok. But anything ""man made"" just looks like something from 1997. Totally unacceptable.(Had to Add to a previous Gamer's Negative Comments, Since it best describes my experience with this game)...Stay away for, now from it...!Will Revisit down the road... Nevertheless, graphics is not much of a deal breaker @ the moment for me (like mentioned above, can be overlooked if the game excels in other areas)... But please, Developers of Repopulation, pls Make the Text in the game's User Interface fit into the Text Box to make it legible so users could play this game! especially if u gonna put a price tag on it!"
76561198092653557,Not Recommended,322300,13624001,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Stahe,"Probably the most complex game I've ever tried playing. Usually I can sit down, learn the basics, and go about my way and learn the rest. I can't make it through the full tutorial in one sitting. It's soo complex, my head hurts and feels like it's going to explode. I only made it through 2 sections of the tutorial so far. Nothing is easy in the beginning. Everything is disected into several parts, and those serveral parts are broken into several more parts. In my opinion, this game, at least in the beginning, is more complex than fun. I couldn't complete the tutorial without having to step away. It just lost the fun aspect for me very quickly. I'm giving it a thumbs down for now."
,Not Recommended,322300,15980401,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,TimeScroll,Shame on you for taking advantage of my SWG nostalgia . And yeah early access review etc . Have fun devs buying 2 beers with my money . :(
,Not Recommended,322300,14679221,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Raff,"Regret!I tried playing this game over a few play sessions.  I've been missing SWG for some time.  At first I thought it was great, it feels a lot like SWG, interface looks very much like it and the combat feels like it too.  But the more I played the more frustrated I became.  To me the game feels like it has not depth just circular complexity.   The crafting system is in depth in a way but where  SWG's made sense this one seems to invent complexity and compounds it with no real beneficial outcome.  There is no real logical reason for the way they've developed the crafting and it got on my nerves.  No one can be a crafter unto themselves but it just felt like every profession needed 10 different other professions to make the simplist of components so you could make an item finally.  I regret buying this."
76561197970980127,Not Recommended,322300,22119123,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Smacktard,took our money and ran
,Not Recommended,322300,23098640,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Soulless,"It's essentially dead, and unplayable. Should be removed."
76561197965028239,Not Recommended,322300,14393332,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mac68,"If you don't like crafting constantly don't play it. If you don't like unnecessarily complicated crafting, don't play it. If you don't like spending the majority of your in-game time harvesting resources of unnecessarily largley varying ""quality"", don't play it.Let's also dispel the myth that this is SWG reborn. Nonsense. I played SWG for years and this game does not even come close. In some ways it is similar, but so are other games. Yet still it seems that nobody has learned the positive lessons SWG put out there about sandbox games.Crafting is an absolute joke. To make one simple T1 component (one of several needed to make a basic item) is a real exercise in patience and/or frustration. The game relies on you being able to by certain parts or resources from other players, and you can't. Not with the current player base at least. All crafting is also carried out at a generic crafting station that seems capable of such diverse tasks from bio engineering to simple woodwork. Ridiculous.Combat is dull and uninteresting. It has 2 modes, classic rpg and ""action"" (direct aim etc). Neither of them work particularly well. And watching the trajectory of your high powered sniper rifle bullet as it bends and twists it's flight path (slow one at that) to follow your target like some sort of mini homing missile, gets rather annoying after a while.Lots of missions to do, all the same thing though. They repeat over and over and over.The world is large, looks ok, and is well populated by some imaginative denizens. Most of which will tear you to pieces early on when you get sick and tired of running around the same city for ages and attempt to go somewhere else.The stats system? Stupid. Its all down to whatever ""fittings"" you slot in your armor and weapons. I think this is a pre-cursor to a free2play model in the future where fittings will be available in some kind of ingame store etc. I don't know.All in all, a bad game with great potential. It is boring and repetitive when starting out, you cant craft anything worth while and will spend most of your time chopping logs just to make some money to repair gear or buy fittings. It will not hold the interest of anyone of average intelligence for long. Watch this space though, it could get better. For now though, save your money. This game is not worth anywhere near the asking price. Its still in early access of course, but nevertheless, not worth the same cost as a full release game"
76561198167092024,Not Recommended,322300,13873468,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Slappynipples,"This game sucks, every time I attempt to play it constantly shows lines through the whole screen. Once I had reached the main screen the lines were still there glitching out the video. I checked the video settings and there was no v-sync option. Don't waste your money on this game."
76561197971643308,Not Recommended,322300,13654462,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jakzin,"The game has a lot of potential since I played all the older games of this style.  I will give it a fair run (I know it is still only alpha and all) but after loading it I have to say it has some of the worst control and UI options I have ever seen.  Hopefully this passes with alpha.  With the price tag of $30.00 i would have expected much more, but I will check back in the future."
76561197996186863,Not Recommended,322300,14220260,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,nephilimnexus,"DING DONG THE GAME IS DEAD!WHICH DUMB GAME?THE REPOP GAME!DING DONG THE STUPID GAME IS DEAD!Everyone keeps comparing this game to SWG when, in fact, there is no comparison.  The skill system is straight out of every Elder Scrolls game, resource mining is straight out of every WoW clone and it honestly doesn't have anything in common with SWG other than being a science fiction game.Even for an alpha this feels unpolished.  Worse, it feels empty.  Under the graphics (whicharenice) there is just a repetition of the same standardized MMO systems that we've already seen a hundred times before.  Much has been lauded about the complex crafting system, but that can't make up for the fact that this isnot a sandbox gameby any sense of the genre.  It is, rather, a traditional theme-park game that just hasn't had the rides installed yet.Also, lead developer J.C.Smith is rather touchy about making sure that everyonethinksthis game is the ""spiritual heir"" to SWG, because he's banking heavily on old SWG players buying his product.  To that end he will happily delete & ban people simply for mentioning thathttp://www.swgemu.comeven exists, lest his desired customers find out about and go play the real thing instead.  That attitude of placing greed above all else is about as unprofessional as it gets, and is a terrible way to dump on people who've already paid for the product.  Likewise I am sure that, after reading this, he will go petition Steam themselves to delete this very review for those same reasons.The bugs I can forgive, for such is expected in alpha releases, but the flagrant marketing deception, the lack of true innovation and the terrible attitute by the staff are enough to earn it a well-deserved thumbs down even if the game was already fully finished.Don't make the same mistake I did - give this one a pass and keep looking elsewhere.  I can think of a good place to start, in fact..."
76561198032365977,Not Recommended,322300,14502722,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,greenfalcon44,"I'd rather play Star Wars The Old Republic than this. The FPS aspect is not real and is misleading. It's still a slow paced boring mmo style game. I like that you can gather stuff, but it's way way too complex. This equals not fun... I'd play it if it were a true FPS mmo or if it a bit faster gameplay.Why they can't have the action of Firefall? They made it so that there isn't a huge gap between vets and noobs which I hope to be true as this is where Firefall failed. Firefall has a huge gap between noobs and vet battleframes which makes it not fun to play with friends...I like the huge environment Repopulation has, but it's so spread out that it feels empty. I know it's only early access, but I won't play such a boring game. I prefer games that have a social squad emphasis, that are skill based, where I can have instant action fun. MMOs usually have a great open world story, and FPS have great action, but I just can't find any that combine both very well."
76561198026554385,Not Recommended,322300,24664760,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Proudsoul1,IUf you Own this TRASH ..DEMAND a Refund! If I need to bring a class action suit against them I will as it is a breach of contract. We were promised one thing and we were not even given anything like it . Do NOT allow these Devs to take your money and continue to advertise this as the game they promised!
,Not Recommended,322300,13834114,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,JayP uncensored,"I didn't even play this game for half an hour.1. The UI/UX is a disaster. It's hideous, difficult to read, and it's shocking how many actions are just called the wrong thing in the keybinds. What is a ""Face"" action and why does Alt+X or whatever the default is not do it? All I wanted to do was find a keybind for switching between the RPG ""mode"" and Action ""mode,"" and I couldn't decypher the made up phrases.2. I'm the kind of MMO player that might read 2 words of quest/mission text, per MMO. I just want you to tell me what to do and I'll go do it. Although it seems like it's plausible you could do that with this game, the first quest I did there was a survey pop up reminiscent of, ""HEY BRO, WHAT'D YOU THINK OF THAT QUEST?"" You mean the quest where I literally clicked the same button 3 times in a row? It was fantastic, for a click-this-button-3-times quest.3. This switchable RPG to Action mode? I only got to the shooting training thing, and maybe I didn't get far enough to understand it, but it's still RPG style. It's basically ""do you want to tab target people or do you want to miss a whole lot because we have a broken aiming reticule?"" That's the only reason I bought the early access, to see how this worked, and I was immediately disappointed.My biggest problem:3. The game, as a whole, is ugly. This isn't a slight on the graphics in terms of the quality, but art style choice. The models move horrendeously. During the character customization most of the outfits made my character look like he added about 50 pounds on the outfit selection screen. There's just walls of text all over my screen as part of the UI, and the font choice makes it so I literally had to stop moving, take my hands off the keyboard mouse, and concentrate on what I'm reading. The whole thing is just terrible looking. It looks like the entire art department for the dev studio just got hired out of a community college video game development program's freshmen class. Sure, it's functional, but man is it uglier than sin.After about half an hour with this game, I'd say it's utter garbage."
76561198064919457,Not Recommended,322300,30473347,Posted: 12 March,all,illa Ta7een,"Before typing this review I just want the prospective buyers of the game to know that they should disregard the downvoting of this comment since the steam store is full of their forum members, and if you mention anything bad about this game they will downvote without even reading.This is an indie company that took our money for the development of their game before it would be released. In its current state it isn't playable. Its very laggy, incomplete, and boring. Whenever the fact that the game wasn't delivered is mentioned there is some fat slob from their forum boards who will say ""its coming out when it comes out."" They actually believe that the game will be finished and relased in any reasonable amount of time, but they know it won't. They've made little or no progress and by the time its finished the hair on my balls will turn grey (im in my 20s do the math). The company is so unprofessional they had issues with another company and they had to shut the game down. They posted a sob story apology to the community. Give me a ♥♥♥♥ing break. You took our money you should of planned for contingencies like a professional company. There is a dev from their company named ""J.Smith"" who scans the internet like a ♥♥♥♥ing vulture trying to defend his piece of ♥♥♥♥ game wherever its's talked about. I partly blame him, the homo. Valve should ban this company from using steam as a store front."
,Not Recommended,322300,15864377,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,BonShaquidaLaFondria,This game is horrible. I wish I could demand a refund.
,Not Recommended,322300,14798064,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Riots,"As it is now, there are plenty of better games for 15-20$ the interfaces are super buggy, and text overlaps. the tutorial is not that informative, alienating new players. a lot of the skins are the same, and some are missing when combined together. the character creation claims to have diversity, but it's not that customizable. the combat is boring as well. if this game improves later id reccomend it, but this game has many major flaws to be worth any money."
76561197993666152,Not Recommended,322300,14881655,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Toad,"It reminds me of games that were being released 12 years ago theres nothing new here, and frankly the older games are better."
76561198007595480,Not Recommended,322300,15026888,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,zephyr1971,"I'm getting really tired of companies putting unfinished products out there and then asking for more money to fix all the problems that they couldn't be bothered to fix before they sold us this crap. This game sounded interesting, then I bought it. Most of the quests don't give clear directions as to where you need to go, and the ones that seem simple enough end up not working right. I had two quests to kill vultures but the descriptions didn't give clear directions as to where these vultures were at. I found plenty of vultures around the starting area, killed about 50, and none of them counted for either quest. Got a quest to escort a lady to a camp down the road and she just stood there. There was no indication in the quest log saying there was a command that need to be given to get her to move either. Picked up the animal taming skill and tamed a wierd mutant dog. It kept getting injured and I was seeing a notification that it need to be healed but I wasn't told how or where. Then there's the crafting. I love crafting in any game but it seems like the developers just tried purposely to make the crafting in this game so hard that you'd give up on it. It takes forever to get the materials for crafting, the skills go up slowly, and half of the things you need for crafting you can't find the recipes for and the npc's in the game are no help. It's just confusing. You need 10 different components just to make a crappy low level piece of armor. After just a few hours of playing this game I gave up and had to write this stupid review, and I hate writing reviews. So thanks for that The Repopulation."
76561198032186891,Not Recommended,322300,18362208,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,HolyBejebus,"Look at how many hours people have played that say this game is ""great"".Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ In fact, calling it a game is disgraceful to actual games. It is complete rubbish.And nobody hit me with that whole ""oh it has a steep learning curve"" bit. You're a ♥♥♥♥ing dunce if you think this game is good. It looked like the game was built on a ♥♥♥♥ing potatoe and was about as interesting as one.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME."
76561197997138172,Not Recommended,322300,14004675,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,[GR]Raven,"Reminds you the mmo ""NEOCRON""...very laggy at the moment, but as the title says is ""Work in Progress"""
76561198073555160,Not Recommended,322300,13679421,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,wickedfoxx,"I had high hopes for this game and it left me feeling frustrated and confused.  There's no direction indicators telling you in which direction to look for quest NPCs.  Just a vague initial write up.  I'd ask for my money back, but I doubt STEAM would return it.  Anyways...to those who read this and buy it... Good Luck.  Hopefully you'll enjoy it more than I."
76561198091635283,Not Recommended,322300,15242861,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Le Mon,cannot repopulate 0/10
,Not Recommended,322300,15527196,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Gadget,Kind of boring...
,Not Recommended,322300,13649268,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,W0l3,I don't think I get it
76561198104660545,Not Recommended,322300,14062651,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,⎝ ͡°ᨎ ͡°⎠,"Take  $39.99 and throw it in a bag , then throw that bag in another bag , then walk about 4 miles and put those bags in a box , take that box and run another 4 miles with the box , take a few more hours to find another box to put the first box in .Burn the box ."
,Not Recommended,322300,22529981,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Hans,Vaporware -- and the last time I blow money on these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early access games.
76561198094401432,Not Recommended,322300,13904684,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dodece,"Potential is a poor justification, and an even poorer measure. You need to review what is present, and not what it may, or in fact may not become. This is a sandbox game that isn't quite delivering on the promise of open world freedom. The reality is that beneath the veneer of choice. Is a virtual lack thereof. In a lot of ways it is the worst of two worlds. Either the game demands an obscene amount of interdependency to get anything done, or its so simplistic a cave man can do it. If you will pardon the pun.I am torn as to whether the combat is laughable or awful. The game supports two combat styles first person mode, or the standard hot button mode. The problem with the first is that while it makes it easier to navigate it makes combat pretty easy as it make decissions for you. The problem with the second is while it is somewhat more challenging it is also more of a pain to use to navigate. Not that it matters either way virtually no strategy or movement is required. Either you are going to dominate or you are going to die.The loot system is perhaps the worst I have ever seen, and it has nothing to do with the odds involved with random rolls. This game makes use of a slot machine that can take between thirty or forty seconds to finish its roll. Just to give you a random loot that probably wont apply. In other words you will not only have to wait for loot, but it wont even be close to being something you might be able to use.  What you end up doing is spinning for quality of you know not what, at least if you knew. Then you could decide in advance to abandon the roll, and abandon the corpse.The reason for this awful loot system is the horribly convoluted crafting system. That is predicated on a slavish devotion to a perverse notion of interdependency. Crafters are relegated to nothing more then cogs in a machine. Everyone can craft, but nobody can make something on their own. There are at least half a dozen harvesting lines in the game, and it is a foregone conlusion that if a schematic requires three ingredients that all three ingredients will require different kinds of harvesting, and at least one, and possibly two will require an intermediate refining before they can be used, and all of that is the case if you are lucky. You might be unlucky, and one of the ingredients might be a crafted component that has to be purchased from another player, and well if one isn't up for sale wow it really sucks to be you.Worse still for the crafter, and the resultant buyer the quality of ingredients matters, and they are the product of random rolls. So as it stands the real question should be why have the crafting system at all. Is the crafter supposed to wait for an accomplished harvester to get a few good rolls, and what of the other crafter, and what if their rolls don't pan out. It is a recipe for conniption fits if I saw one.Beyond all of that however. The user interfase is pretty abysmal. I mean basic functionality isn't even there.  I hope that is temp music we are hearing, and that they intend for it to be instance appropriate, and the graphics are pretty bad in a lot of ways. It is one thing for the world to be muddy, but the animals are too, and seeing as how everything is hostile it is a pretty big problem.Potential or not there are some pretty bad design philosophies present in this build, and while I would love to play a real successor to star wars galaxies. Which is what this developer is going after. What made that game fun wasn't so much its complexities as much as it was the sense of freedom, and this game doesn't seem to be promoting freedom of choice. It is forcing crafters to network, boring combat players with idiotic looting systems, and the combat isn't very involved. It could get better, but then again it could get worse, and I am concerned it will be the latter.It is a sad fact of life that a number of sandbox players just don't have any life to speak of, and they often operate under the delusion that theirs is a common playstyle. A lot of the testers don't appear to be making allowances for this, and are likely to encourage the developer to keep the system as is, because it favors their style of play while punishing the player that has a life outside of the game.I can't really recommend this game at this time. There is a lot of mindless grinding, but not much else to recommend it. It  is so hard in some regards, and so terribly easy in others. That it is a hard place to have much fun. You shouldn't pay much attention to the positive reviews. Most of them are coming from ex star wars galaxies players who are going on a decade thirsty for a proper title in the genre. It is to be expected that they would be far more forgiving, and frankly far easier to give themselves over to self delusion.That all said there is hope in the developer. As they seem to be very responsive, and they seem to be very attentive. It is usually a good sign when the developers are listening closely.  Which is why I intend to revisit the game periodically to see if it is improving. If it manages to do that I will probably amend this review."
,Not Recommended,322300,14828875,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Kolchack,"Well I installed the game registered the game tried all 3 servers and everyone of them crashed with in seconds of trying to start the game. My system Windows 7 64 bit , sandy bridge i5, asus  maximus motherboard , r9 290x , 1200 watt corsair AX 16 gigs corsair memory."
,Not Recommended,322300,19814148,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Childish Gambino,"This game is aweful. I've played some bad MMORPGS, but this has got to rank in the top 10 of bad. :( Sorry I can't go into details as to why it's bad, because I don't have time to list every feature of the game..."
76561198068576588,Not Recommended,322300,14769314,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Gabby Hayes,LONG LONG LONG way to go to even be playable
76561198020238538,Not Recommended,322300,13706976,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jacob_Cale,"Crap so far, can't even connect to the game after downloading it, not worth the money I paid, wish I could get a refund honestly.Maybe it's just my system but it seems to take a very long time to load, which finally getting past the login screen is nice.... now if only it would load.You know I've delt with long load times before, Civ V takes a while to load... Star Trek Online takes a while to load... but this game I recommend loading it up, logging in and then going and reading war and peace.Trying again... first time loading I guess it got sleepy and shut its self down, or in other words ""The game I couldn't play... is still unplayable.""So far my experience with this game has been Purchased, downloaded, attempt to connect : game crashes out, connect again : same results, ect ect.Connection finally established, and I'm able to get in game, Music was a bit loud for me at first but thats personal preference, I like it, it's good music all the same. It provides a nice background to the character creation screen.Speaking of character creation, and speaking in general I'm guessing the character voices aren't all implimented just yet as I only had a few options on the male side of characters only, also I found the camera to rotate your character while building them was a little sensitive to movement, makes it a bit tough to line up the angle you may want at first but it's easy enough to pick up after a bit of practice.The overall options for character creation seem so far to be rather indepth although with the body shape options I have a small gripe about the connected sliders, where moving one causes another to shift in relation to how you move the one, while not a big issue I've just never liked that sort of feature.GAHH FLOATING EYES AND TEETH!Some of the hair looks a bit unnatural, but none of it is terrible.Some options for armor are missing but I'm chalking all missing content up as ""Going to be put in later.""I've noticed that mixing and matching certain sets of starting armor leaves invisibility gaps in the model that lets the background shine through.After completing my character I have to say though limited in number of options the options they do give you are expansive, allowing you to tailor make yourself a character for the most part.Finally I can get into game and what happens, the camera glues its self to my characters♥♥♥♥♥and now I can't get it to zoom in or out anymore... FUUUUUUUUU! this game is half cocked at best."
76561197966973931,Not Recommended,322300,14774186,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,IKilled!Teddy!,"Whaste of money dont buy it....Grafic is acient and textures are relly bad, aiming is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.The big idea about the game i like but it dosent live up to this days games."
,Not Recommended,322300,14377996,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Redeyeflight,Terrible beyond redemption.No ammount of polish will ever shine this turd.
76561198050681476,Not Recommended,322300,14913695,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Commander Kobals,Game is90% unplayable due to bugscarebearbland &  generic world & mechanics
,Not Recommended,322300,14463574,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Riddell,TERRIBLE DO NOT BUY!!! I WANT A REFUND!!!!!This game is terrible.. I'm really unhappy with this purchase.- The UI and User Experience is horrendous and litterally unplayable.- You have no idea what you are meant to be doing.- Played for 30 mins still had no clue- Made me angry another 15 mins later still couldn't figure it out- Minimap is too hard to understand where part memeber are and is eithier too big or too small- Horrible party system- No visual screen ques to help new playersPositive:- Multiplayer
76561198167624148,Not Recommended,322300,13927254,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Goddess,What the ♥♥♥♥ did I just buy this game is so bad.
,Not Recommended,322300,13618645,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sp00kysaint,This is just Everquest in space with a steeper learning curve ;-;
76561198113222045,Not Recommended,322300,14021250,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,sstafford1993,soooooo i figure i should mention that the AI can melee you 500 feet away
,Not Recommended,322300,34091409,Posted: 7 August,all,Zorgath,Dont recomend
76561198033725904,Not Recommended,322300,14779035,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,☯MKM☯,the worst game ever don't buy. waste of money
,Not Recommended,322300,23629070,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Gravvy,2 players total peak in the last 3 weeks. Game is dead.
76561198040486492,Not Recommended,322300,30785153,Posted: 27 March,all,nouseforaname55,Shady
,Not Recommended,322300,24971140,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Chiisun,I refunded this just on time.
76561198052574703,Not Recommended,322300,14847343,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Nervewreck™,I want my money back.
76561197978547720,Not Recommended,322300,14831841,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Clockwork,"The game should be called Craftasticle. The SImplest recipes in game arent worth the manhours required to craft them. BLABLABLA you're supposed to buy from AH for ingredients used by a different crafting skill, this promotes an in game economy. There is zero reason why i should spend the same amount of hours crafting the shitiest item in this game compared to other games where the best items take less time to craft.In the future this games economy will be ruined by botters due to its lack of a skill cap as well as the impossible amount of manhours need to craft.Other than that the game would be great, but as it stands without any incentive for players to actually progress in content, such as equipment upgrades or weapon upgrades, none of which that are better than what you start with can be purchased. The games grind wall for crafting shouldnt hit you at the door it should build up at the least to hook players into the game."
,Not Recommended,322300,13664753,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bdwarr6,Horrible
,Not Recommended,322300,14230018,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,BobbyB,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME EVER! seriously the game was made with Hero Engine and it really shows. Graphics are horrific.. not unless you like playing 1998 style games. GM Staff is like the community right in the middle calling you a troll because you didnt like what you just wasted 40 bucks for. Anyways, I dont see this game getting any better unless they change the game engine, designers, programmers, and the community. They completely false advertised this game, even though its an alpha game.. ITS NOTHING LIKE SWG! Swg was such a much better game and this company should be sued for trying to pass it off as a SWG like game.  Anyways thats my rant.. on to a better game"
76561198073057218,Not Recommended,322300,14797635,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ramsay Bolton,no
76561198029253763,Not Recommended,322300,30320604,Posted: 4 March,all,Junry,"I actualy played Star wars the old republic with one of the Developers. I remember him pitching the game to me being like SWG. And it was on the right rack,And it was good............................................................. Then bam it was gone....And the good  withered..."
,Not Recommended,322300,14793026,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,badnesso,"-The Repopulation is fun its got good graphics not great but pretty good.6.5/10-Decent PVE grind fun to kill still, but again nothing new or refreshing. Same generic feel as other mmos just reskinned 7/10-Skill up system was ok again nothing groundbreaking but was more diverse and open then other mmos 7/10-Quests felt generic 5/10 and somewhat painfulOh and did I mention its also unplayableEarly Access games are constantly taking our money and running.  At least these guys tried to succeed."
,Not Recommended,322300,14696326,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dirty D,"Another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early release game with MMO aspects to it. Looked like the return of Star Wars Galaxies like I've been waiting for, but it sucks large monkey balls.3/10"
,Not Recommended,322300,30289697,Posted: 2 March,all,Vanwilder,This game is a dumpster fire with AIDS and terminal cancer. It also costs real money to purchase.
,Not Recommended,322300,16338331,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ChrisGriffin,really bad game no voice training is hard to follow just a few mins into this game and im rather pay for wow then play this free 2 years following this project and i see nothing worth even 1 cent i rather play defiance then this do not waste your money till this is fully done because its bad really just bad.
76561198049599753,Not Recommended,322300,13594299,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Antukin,No
76561198094386506,Not Recommended,322300,17560192,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Monty,Not bad still in alpha but the devs are very consistant with their updates twice a month and the game looks like it'll be the♥♥♥♥♥♥in like a year when it's done.Edit servers down game is dead no refunds from these failures only  a promise to play some generic survival game.
,Not Recommended,322300,14070894,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Outlaw,"I am very surprised they released this without making some sort of effort to patch the game before releaseing you would thing to show some effort to fix the game not just to line they pockets again but that didnt happen.The GM`s have been great so far but there hands are tied to what they can actally do, so great support just not sure about the company they work for. I do not recomend this game at this time more effert from the company be nice."
76561198026705324,Recommended,322300,29588769,Posted: 30 January,all,zero,"repop is BACK !!!dont buy it yet, let it prove it's going to be a stable thing,,BUT in ANTICIPATION IT ISheregotto this link (https://www.therepopulation.com/forums/player-nations/linux-get-it-on-12927?p=123990#p123990) and make goodfor all LINUX useres togetstarted andplayingokthanksbynaw"
,Not Recommended,322300,15526855,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Plaguewielder,"So after being a leader of two of the largest and greatest nations in the game (first Raiders of Muspelheim and secondly Tanstaafl Alliance) I really do have to give it a thumbs down.  I understand there were a lot of issues with Hero Engine but, really no one should have been left in the dark for so long.  I poured my heart and soul into this game and sometimes put up with more than I should have just because of blind faith.  There were nights where it took me 5 or 6 attempts to log in without crashing, then to travel and crash and restart that cycle of log in, crash, log in, crash, log in, crash, log in, load world, crash. Disapearing items, broken combat, broken crafting, and tormentingly complex systems for crafting all kinda wore me out and made me quit.  I only stayed around for my nation.After a while though as population on the servers died and became barren there was no more reason to stay around.  Everyone left due to engine issues, again I don't blame Repop for this.Now with the game practically dead they have announced that they're releasing a new game on the unreal engine... which seems pretty sweet!  It seems like it may actually be a winner... but, will it be free to those who bought Repopulation?  Or are we getting more hands in our wallets?  I feel bad for the people who put money into buying the higher level packages... I only bought three copies of this game.Only time will tell but, currently Repop is dead to me."
,Not Recommended,322300,13883846,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Cap'N Squirrel,"07/21/15 - (Edited) Review 35 Hour review (15 with new patch)I want to start out by saying that I REALLY REALLY wanted to like this game (for many years), but at last I can't have any more faith in it. The bugs that persist are trivial to fix yet remain for years on end. The combat balance is... horrible at best. Finally, at the 35th hour, I can't be bothered to follow this developer or this title any longer.This game still needs a LOT of work, but has come a LONG WAY (although some of it is backwards)!!It has a lot of promise if the developer could only get a real team together but it is very much in it's pre-alpha stages (after many years in development). To be fair it has made some improvements in the last six months, but it has yet to address some very basic design flaws (which leads me to believe the developer desires it in this state. ""Working as intended"").I would highly suggest following its progress if you are still uncertain, but dont expect much. There are a lot of balance issues still, loads graphic glitches, but the character models/animations are better, but they can still use some final polish.Final Verdict: PUT YOUR CASH ELSWHERE.It's good if you want to help with the development. This title has been ""in the works"" for years and as such it is an old engine. This poses a lot of problems for the devs and they do tackle the issues, but there is only so much they can do. They are not there yet however (after YEARS), and the game is still clunky and glitchy as hell.Because of how long this title has been in ""Alpha"" and how old the engine is, I cannot in good conscious recommend paying the price they are asking. Wait for a sale, test it out, and return it if you can’t run it.I honestly hope the devs step up the progress on this title, but I’m not sure that will happen.THE PLUSES:-  More depth on systems that was already deep.-  Added Mini-games for Non-combat professions which show great promise.-  Added a better flowing ""Newbie Stage"" making an introduction to the game systems better explained (and fun).-  They improved the character models/animations (still needs some more choices and work).The old Pluses-  The Newbie Area is much better, but still has a lot of problems.-  There is quite a bit of depth to the game and how you as the player would want to play it.-  The world is vast.-  The Crafting is vast (VERY VAST)-  The questing is pretty fresh and has a lot of promise, (but still needs al lot more work)-  TONS of skill trees to explore (best part of the game!)-  Lots of room for growth as a game stillTHE CONS:-  BUGS - BUGS - BUGS! Lots of them. More than before.-  WAY over designed!-  Graphic Issues, Lock-ups, Video Lag, and random crashes (worse than before).-  Environment and level Design is better, but not perfect (loads of stuck player areas)-  The engine connection still lags quite a bit.-  HORRIABLE video lag (and logic lag if you can believe that).-  Targeting is still difficult in combat leading to frustration.-  NPC AIs need a tremendous amount of work (Epically where LOS is concerned).-  Town and Cityscapes need a graphical overhaul.-  Horrible combat balance-  Old Engine-  Masses of mobs causing the player to get swarmed or leave them with nothing to hunt.-  UI is garbage and full of bugs.-  Art is subpar (comparing it to gamed from 2005)."
,Not Recommended,322300,13825456,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mr Roger,"Originally gave it a thumbs up, was fun different and not just a rehash of the same old garbage.  But good news now its rust all over again and straight garbage."
,Recommended,322300,16749043,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Antagonist,"This is one of those rare instances where an early access game gets abandoned, and then the developers come back to it. In fact, if I'm not mistaken, this is the only such instance. So I am changing my ""Do not Recommend"" to ""Recommended"".What makes this game any different than any others? Depth. There is so much depth to this game, that it would be impossible to learn it all in even a month. There are thousands of recipes, billions of combinations of what you can do. A deep crafting system and a cool sci-fi world to play in.The game still needs some work, but after being gone for almost a year or more, I suspect not much was done during that time. They always promised it would come back, but if you've played early access before, you've heard that line before. I am impressed with these developers that they actually made good on their promise.I've heard this compared to Star Wars Galaxies, and I think that is a fair comparison. I would maybe throw Ultima Online in there as well. There is so much to do that it would be impossible for you to do it all yourself, which forces you to actually be social and play with other people.I was very disappointed when the game went down, and when I was told today it was back I was very excited to play. Unfortunately, as of right now, the game is EXTREMELY laggy. I have faith they will fix this issue. Their initial reason for shutting down was because of some kind of legal rights with the engine, again, I thought it was a lie. But seeing them coming back, even though they had already made a ton of money, shows integrity. The developers are very helpful and friendly as well when you contact them in game.So if you're looking for a highly complex sci-fi MMORPG, this is what you've been looking for.Just be warned, this game has a STEEP learning curve. Perhaps the steepest learning curve of any game I've played besides EVE. I think Repop is better, but that's opinion.Ultimately, it's up to you if you decide to get it, but this is not the game you just hop in and play casually. You can play casually, but you're going to forget stuff because there is so much to do.If you get it, I think you will enjoy it. And you always have 2 hours (or 2 weeks, whichever comes first) to get a refund, so you literally have nothing to lose by trying it."
76561198097442921,Not Recommended,322300,25124157,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,grapeFATTY,Wait for release
