user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,322520,14671069,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,"Holy crap. They finally brought Empires to PC. I'm still in shock.The short version: it's good. You can take over all of China, now, using a turn-based (every turn is a simulated month) system. It's a little repetitive, because you will take over a territory, rest a month, and then an enemy army will invade that territory, so you've now played the same map twice in a row, and sometimes that twice becomes three or four times before you have a chance to move on.That aside, I don't have any serious complaints with it. It's slightly different in many ways from the regular Dynasty Warriors series, but the ability to strategize and take over regions is the largest change. There's less of a focus on pick-ups/power-ups in this game, and your generals can all be assigned a specific number of troops for each fight, but for the most part it's the same combat and characters that long-time fans of the series will recognize. There are strategems that can be selected before battles that give your officers special moves to employ. You don't seem to have direct control over these, or when they happen, you just pick what you think would be most advantageous for the map in general, and roll with it.As a port, it doesn't have the widest range of graphics enhancements, I wouldn't call it ""next-gen"", but it looks better than ps3. I didn't have any problems with the porting, and my x360 controller worked fine.The inlcusion of a character edit mode, and the DLC for costumes for older games (especially, for me, DW3) make this a must buy for fans and a great (although the strategy parts can be confusing at first) place to start the series for newcomers. Very highly recommended.Edit: After playing a while I noticed the enemies will pop in and out some, but that's something the series has been known for. There's also, inexplicably, no autosave, so save often."
,Recommended,322520,14672058,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Socketization,"Warning to Nvidia Users!- Make sure you turn Anti Aliasing to Application Controlled, otherwise you will not be able to see any preview models!SummaryA great game for any fan on the Dynasty Warriors series. Fantastic customization, allowing you to create your own kingdom! Combat is the same as the previous Dynasty Warrios 8 game, although there is a new addition called Strategems that allow you to turn the battle in your favor! The high price tag may scare away a few people, however, you will definitly get your moneys worth if not more in playtime! DLC that is included (as of release date) is purely cosmetic, meaning you gain access to all the gameplay features!Overall Score- 9/10ProsFantastic Customization - Create your own Officer, Soldiers, Banners.. Even the horse you ride into battle!Solid Combat - Take down hordes of the enemy army, easily racking up 500+ kills per battle!Immersive CutscenesStrategy Control - Decide what your Empire will do. Will it Invade the neighbouring army? Or seek Alliances?New Features - Includes all the previous features of other Dynasty Warrior Empires games, as well as introducing a new feature - Strategems - which allow you to build Ranged Towers, Taunt enemies, and various other things. Now you can truly decide the outcome of your battles!Unlimited replayablity - With the option to create your own Scenarios, this creates unlimited outcomes and replayability. I can see myself racking up plenty of hours playing this.ConsPoor Graphics - Compared to other games released in this time frame, the graphics are no where near top standards.High Price - Unless you are a hardcore fan of the Dynasty Warriors games, this price tag may seem high for some."
76561198049027302,Recommended,322520,14896744,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tachikoma,"This is the sloppiest game I've ever seen Koei's name on. I'm talking 70% budget cut sloppy. But I've still enjoyed it.~Pros~-Improved character creator-The whole in-battle strategems system works smoothly in this edition-Downloading and sharing created characters online is a cool new feature-The characters and all weapons play nicely, with fun combo and special attacks-The framerate is quite good, considering how laggy older entries could get~Cons~-If you so much as minimize this edition of the game in menus, the whole thing crashes-Character lines have been reduced tenfold-There's a whole 5 historical scenarios when you buy the game-There aren't actually any proper videos I've encountered yet (not referring the cheap sub in various officer clips either where the troops raise their spears), not even for major historical battles, when there have been up to 20-ish in other Empires games-The game contains Japanese voice acting only, the English dubs were a nice option in older entries-You pay over 50 bucks for the game, without any form of online play which you would get on the XBox version-The PC optimization of this game is a messKoei needs to look back to the days of SW2E, or DW5E to see how an empires game should really be done, this game overall is a pretty large step back from how good empires games used to be, and I believe still can be. I'm still enjoying the game far more than I should be, despite the several incredibly disappointing aspects. If you're a sucker for warriors games like I am you should still find plenty of enjoyment in this installment, but only get it when it's on sale of course as this is closer to a $25 game at most, not a whopping $55 one."
76561198143684768,Not Recommended,322520,14781364,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,jaemin,"Alright, enough with the BS and here's the truth:This new Empires series of Dynasty Warriors 8 was, in my opinion, the most laziest and apathetic sequel ever.PROS:-Customization-Couple new weapons that are tons of fun-Combat/Battle is funCONS:-No immersion variety (let me expand this);--You will get very limited amount of cutscenes (these cutscenes from previous Empires game bring you immersion into the game, and further enhancing your love for your character and your kingdom. Unfortunately, this didn't happen here.)---FOR EXAMPLE: In one of my playthroughs with a customized character, all I did was assassination quests. On my attempt to assassinate the ruler, I was provided with two cutscenes. This is what I wanted more. You can get a few more unique cutscenes as a vagabond unit. But once you become a ruler or join a kingdom, it just doesn't become as exciting.--Limited amount of options to do (By the time you reach maybe around 20+ turns, you will realize that there's really nothing much to do when you're in ""The Strategy"" room. It's extremely redundant with very lacking cutscenes (like how your current economy is, or how people view you.. type of cutscenes. Rarely any of that is in here...----You will have one, but look... I've been extorting and levying the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my people to only be granted a cutscene where they would gladly hand me a meatbun and everyone is happy... NO, just NO. You'd expect something or ANYTHING to happen after extorting or levying your people so much, but nope. There are no consequences other than making your virtue more evil, which is completely pointless. This is just lazy.--No sense of connection between characters during battle. (Remember when you married a character and you run into him or her in battle, he or she will actually say something nice to you with consideration that you guys are a MARRIED COUPLE? Nope, none of that in here. Just the same line as if you two first met.)---In addition to this, when you betray your ruler and rebel against his/her own kingdom, you'd think that the enemy ruler will say something to you in regards to something with ""betrayal"" or ""deception"" once you meet on battle. Nope. Again, it's as if you two first met... Completely shatters the immersion.--Did I already mention that there's not much to do in the Strategy room? I wanted something more and NEW goddammit. The most frequent options you'll be doing is Invade, Raid, Interact, and finishing your Merit Quests (Strategy Objectives).--Terrible ending. Seriously? You just recap every cutscenes that I have already seen as the ending with the cliche ""watching the sunset with your officers as doves fly by"" that last for only 10 seconds as the ending? Remember in DW7 Empires, the ending varies by your ambition (Good or Evil)? NO, none of that was in here!I don't mind the redundant combat/battles, but atleast make the game more immersive. This is basically a downgraded version of DW7 Empires and slapping $50 bucks on you, tricking you into buying it by showing very little parts of ""new features"" like getting married and having children. Lol, don't even get me started on that thing.Here's my conclusion:(1) If you are new to Dynasty Warriors, buy it. Because, you'll be spending countless hours on customization and checking out the many types of weapons available.(2) If you have already been playing Dynasty Warriors for awhile, don't expect something big and new here. The mechanics and combat will be the same, except for a couple of new weapons/moves from the original DW8 and XL. Don't let the whole getting married and having children concept fool you! It's just not worth it.(3) If you are a die-hard DW fan, I have nothing to say to you, but rather envy your persistence to continue playing and supporting this repetitive game.NOTE: The people who will dislike this post are most likely the die-hard fans trying their best to support this game as much as possible. If you are a normal person, and just wants to search for something new such as myself, you will read and deeply consider my review of this game, and then decide if you're willing to pay $50 for this lazy and quick money-grabbing♥♥♥♥♥♥by those greedy and CHEAP ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at KOEI."
,Not Recommended,322520,14920143,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,[ Chao ],"I love Dynasty Warriors, espically those in the 'Empires' side-series. That's why it feels very disheartening to say that I actuallycan'trecommend this title to everyone. A lot of what's been added I really do enjoy. The new strategy options and quests are a lot of fun, the 'Way of Life' title system is really cool, and the ability to create custom units, banners, and scenarios/campaigns is something I've been insanely excited for! Not to mention that no matter how repeative the combat is, I still get a kick out of the endless slaughter!That all being said however, there is a lot about this game that does not sit right with me. There are a lot of cool things you can do during the strategy phase... when the game allows you to do them. If you're trying to progress through the ranks of a kingdom, expect to not have very much freedom to do outside of what the ruler tells you to do. As a Lieutenant/Commander, you're essentially bound to the will of the ruler until you get a promotion (which if your playstyle is more evil, will never actually happen). Even then, once you're promoted to a Prefect, Marshal, or Strategist you lose the ability to do things such as quests, where some of the more unique scenarios and interesting cutscenes are. It's almost better to just stay a Free Officer/Vagabound Unit or just become a ruler yourself.Another issue is that the game just feels cheaply made, both in it's inital form and its translation. Enemy and ally AI and pathing is abysmal. During some of the stealth quests (which I actually find a lot of fun, espically assassination quests), I've seen the patrol units stuck running in circles or stuck in place because they accidently collided into something and it threw off thier programmed path. It makes it hard to progress when you have 5 mins. and you can't move because the patrol got stuck in a wall and will sound the alarm the moment you step too close.Presentation is also rather off-putting and a tad glitchy at rare moments. It's funny how the game doesn't even resemble a lot of what the promo screenshots from a couple of months ago looke like. One of my favorite stupid moments was when I was launched fifty feet in the air using the Sword & Hook air launch combo.The english translation is trash. You can tell they didn't care enough to double check the sentence structure so you don't get things like 'Promoted to Liu Bei by Marshal'. Disappointingly, the English dub cast does not appear in the game, which means that all dialogue and cutscenes are in Japanese. This would not be an issue usually, but in certain cutscenes they don't even bother to put subtitles in. Some of the coolest cutscenes are ruined by the fact that I can't actually see what the characters are saying. This game was made cheap, and it clearly shows.I WANT to be able to recommend this game to everyone, but these issues are so frustrating and distaseful that even I can't take a sort of humorous pleasure in them. If you like Dynasty Warriors as a series, enjoy a good slaughter, or can get really into character customization I can recommend this game. However, if you're bothered by poor AI, a lack of free choice, and incredibly cheap translations, don't bother or at least wait until it goes on sale. If you hate Dynasty Warriors...well, No. Despite all of this I still enjoy this game for what it is."
,Recommended,322520,14682120,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,The Mojo Flow,"My favorite part of Chinese history is when my boy Wang Wang killed 2,000 peasants in 30 minutes on the Wu Zhang Plains."
,Recommended,322520,14699291,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,GrampaTiddies,"It's Dynasty Warriors.You've probably already made up your mind on if you'll enjoy it or not. But, I'll go into it none the less.Dynasty Warriors 8: Empires is a stand alone expansion / spin off of the latest game in the series. The game sees you create a character and aim to unify ancient China. Forge bonds with historical figures, wheel and deal with leaders, find a spouse and raise a child. As long as it helps you control the country, you better believe that you should do it.The game is split distinctly into two halves. The first being the action game. This is your standard Warriors afair. Capture bases, commit genocide, do not pursue Lu Bu. As this game is based off of Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends, you get two weapons of various abilities and affinities to swap between, air cancels, parrys and much more.The second half is unique to the Empires series. And that's the politics mode. In between each action sequence you are placed at your home base. From here you make desicions based on how you want to complete you goals. Do you want to protect a caravan that is about to be attacked in hope of gaining some resources and good karma? Do you want to invade a region that is attempting to usurp you? Or maybe you want to coerce folk into joining your cause? It's all here.Now onto the technical aspects. This is a port of the PS3 version. It does run smoother however, my game never dipped below the 60FPS it was locked at. But in a way, it doesn't excuse the blurry texture or the muddy detail on the armours. One interesting thing of note however: some faces look better in this version then the otherwise supioer PS4 version. It's more of a personal preference of course, but this of course doesn't make up for the lackluster port.Over all, if you like the Warriors games, pick this up. It's one of the better ones. If you're new to the series however, you might want to look into picking up Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends, as that is a bit more beginner friendly.Also, if you have a PS4 you may want to pick it up over there."
,Not Recommended,322520,21285218,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,fofo808,"The second PC Musou port (counting Steam releases) and this ones a bit on the mediocre side of things. Really good replayability, a fun card summoning system, and the sandbox conquest mode is a blast but the port is plagued with most of the same problems as DW8:XLCE. Here are the issues with the port:- PS3 port graphically instead of PS4- No controller button prompts- No online multiplayer (PS3 and PS4 versions have this)"
76561198010747187,Not Recommended,322520,17907282,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Daxey9,"You've probably read all the other reviews. I won't lie. After playing 30+ hours I am a bit sad that it does not have the same vibe that the previous empire games had that made me go back and replay them. In addition, the things that you can do in the game is pretty basic and limited. For people who've never played the empires series, you might probably enjoy this. However, people including myself who've played the empires series on different sequels will be upset with the primitive gameplay DW8E provides."
76561198013225747,Recommended,322520,31481790,Posted: 1 May,all,gcenguard,"You should buy the game when its on sale, sadly if you wanna spend 50 bucks you may be better off buying 7 empires. This game is a shadow of 6 and 7 empires. For some reason koei went full retard and changed and took away stuff people enjoyed while putting a few things we asked for1)GOOD POINT-you can now have kids in this game-which is amazing. The child generator is great, actually matches appearances of the parents real well and it can be either a boy or a girl regardless of your gender (unlike fire emblem). Sadly you can only have one child per game.2)BAD POINT-instead of cool tactics to deploy on the battlefield you have ♥♥♥♥ing stratagems which are very flimsy abilities you can use during the battle like maybe set one base on fire (not as flashy as before and you can barely tell you used it aside from everyones hp dropping to half), boosting your attack, healing yourself, healing yourself and allies, setting up one turret, taunt, arrow fire but with two officers going away to prepare.........and you can keep using them using pips that gradually recharge....or recharge like the musou guage...idk....not as cool as dynasty warriors 7 empire system at all.3)Bad point- just like 7 the graphics dont seem as good as dynasty warriors 6....they dont seem to be improving at all4) good point-new officers5) bad point-the game lets you do stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like waste money rebuilding the same building in the same slot per province (which does absolutely nothing), also the game will suddenly get hard unless you buy new weapons after building more forges which your ruler and every other ruler will refuse to do. thus until you become a marshal or ruler, enemies will later take like 60 hits to kill6)bad point-no way to buy a new horse or house as the town system was taken away cus reasons....7)good point- the rock paper scissors element with weapons forces you to switch your weapons up frequently8)good point- its the dynasty warriors gameplay we know and love9)bad point-the quests seem more boring than before, also you cant raid if you are a regular officer (below prefect but above common...or something) which is dumb.10)good point- titles give you bonus stats which is really neat11)bad point- not as many cutscenes as before...which reaaaaally sucks.12)bad point- they added a fatigue system which lowers your stats after every battle you take part of until you rest, no nothing, or heal, which would be fine if enemies didnt attack constantly13)bad point- ally officers are as fukkin useless as before late game14)good point- cuztomization is amaziiiiiiiiing, we can now adjust the face quite a bit.15)bad point-its all in japanese, no way to get english voices16)good point-children can be saved as free officers which is awesome.....until they hit on you during other playthroughs...17) bad point-THEY TOOK AWAY THE IMMERSIVE LINES, YOUR SPOUSE DOESNT SAY MARITAL LINES DURING BATTLE ANYMORE, OFFICERS AND RULERS DONT SAY SPECIFIC LINES AGAINST YOU IF YOU BETRAY THEM, JUST ALL OF THAT IS GONE..WTF KOEI, THIS IS NOT WORTH 50 BUCKSfinal thoughts: its still a really fun game witha  lot of replayability.........but its worth like 30 bucks...not 50.......and its dlc should be like 50 bucks total...not over 100....just wait when its on sale then get it...dont buy it full price...but dont forget to try it outDLC points) WAYYY TOO EXPENSIVE AND OVERPRICED FOR WAHT THEY ARE"
,Recommended,322520,14992577,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Baz,"I bought this because I saw you could make your own warrior ,among other things, and I've always been curious about Dynasty Warriors games.This being the first DW game I've ever played,I know nothing about the story or even how the game functions.Besides the fact that you mash buttons to mow through hoards of enemies.I'm 68.5 hrs in to this game at the time of writing this and I think it's a hell of a lot of fun.It does get a little repetitive when you have to play maps multiple times to defend your territories or on multiple play throughs.But switching up weapons and making new characters kills the monotony pretty well.The graphics do leave something to be desired for a 2015 pc game ,but for this type of game it's not all that really a downside.When it comes down to performance though there are a few bugs throughout.But nothing that breaks the game or impedes your progress.The pc port could be better ,but I wouldn't consider it a bad one.Definitely will be picking up another DW game as long as it has the custom content."
,Recommended,322520,15239930,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[RSG] Ryaenethiddion,"Good but I wouldn't pay £39.99A bit pricey, but the best installment yet for Diehard fans, pretty fun for newbies too.Some old features removed which is a bit sad.Pros-Good Graphics-Nice customization-Good gameplay-Fun-Good choice of difficultiesCons-Some translation errors- Needs more cutscenes and immersive cinematics- Needs more map variety- the quest mode in Empires is very un-engaging, it isn't exciting unless you want to be complete ruler, being a subordinate can be a pain.7.5/10"
76561197993077475,Recommended,322520,16510637,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ziggytwix,"Being a dynasty warriors franchise fan since i was young, the introduction of Dynasty warriors empires really got me excited. Having played almost all games in the dynasty warriors franchise, i strongly recommend this game if you are starting out.Pros:- good replaybility ( Multiple scenarios)- customization- in game tactics ( no more no brainer hack and slash)- new sworn sibilings and marrige system- creat your own story ( ruler or officer)Cons:- having to pay accumlated points if u want weapons transfered- DLC a bit costly- your sons/daughters is randomly generated ( limited customization, repetition)Overall i give this game 8/10hope it helps"
76561198046764002,Recommended,322520,14683924,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Snowmantis,Met lu bu's girl married her became best friends with lu bu betrayed my ruler and took all of his best officers waited till my allies defeted him then betrayed my allies and took everyones land in one move.10/10 would betray again
76561198062930115,Recommended,322520,14732778,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,DG Dobrev,"My first game of the DW franchise was actually Extreme Legends - I bought it to break the whole strategy/RPG/MMORPG tedium I have put myself through the last couple of years. I very much enjoyed it, even though it got quite a bit of flak from the gamers - easily dumping over 80 hours into it and enjoyed every minute of it - the fights are dynamic, the crafting system is great, the flashy moves are pretty, it really hooked me up. And now we get Empires, which is a huge upgrade over the XL system - what's not to like? See those 10 hoursof gameplay? I did them in one go.This is the video showcase of the review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAOWHBGpAYELet's take a look at the good an the bad, as I usually do in my reviews.The good:1. All DW8 characters are there, so you can always play your favorite one.2. You can make your own character with a very deep customization - stats, full-fledged physical appearance and armor, essentially putting yourself into the game. The game boasts a lot of armor sets, and you can pick a moveset of your own, even mix and match it from existing characters, which works amazingly.3. Start as a commoner or a mercenary, become a ruler. Sweet!4. A lot of replayability provided by a free game mode, various campaigns (4 or 5) encompassing different periods, and the good old throng of heroes to play with.5. You can even marry and have a child. Pick your fave woman or dude from the DW series and give her/him a good tumble! Watch your kid grow, be proud of him/her as your child becomes a lieutenant in your armies, feel bad if he/she deserts or gets captured by an enemy ruler.6. The AI: it might just be me, but I have seen the AI doing quite decent beelines to your main camp. If you happen to be engaged in a battle that is further away from it... GG. Good job AI.7. The good old flashy gameplay with lots of attack variations, musou attacks and over 3k hit chains. Sexy.8. Make your own story - nobody farces you to become a ruler, you know... You can be anything between a commoner and a ruler you know. Go ahead and roleplay a bit :)9. Japanese voice pack - to me it is a good thing. I was complaining about the lack of vapanese voice option in XL. I got it, and here I get it by default. Cool!The Bad, I guess:1. The graphics - everyone whines it is a PS3 port. I never saw that as a problem, cause I enjoy the gameplay, and for me the game works at 60 fps at max settings, which is more than good for me. Still, out of solidarity with the comminuty, I put it in this section.2. In the campaign, heroes seem to be tied to time periods, so if you may not see your favorite one in the campaign you are currently playing.- Easily offset with the character creation tool though. So since neither Zhurong or Wang Yi joined me in the Rise of the Yellow Turbans campaign, I had to go ahead and marry Lianshi. Wait, wait! You think I am complaining?3. The UI needs a huge overhaul, but I got used to keeping a KB around to check everything as necessary. Still kind of pisses me off now and then.4. Alt-Tabbing to answer somebody on skype or do something (for example), plainly crashes the game, so make sure you have saved it in advance. Quicksaves between missions are crucial.5. Might just be me, but I havent found a way to pause the game during a mission. (As pointed out, it is F1).Conclusion: there is so much that this game does well, it is hard to dismiss it. The engaging gameplay, the ability to craft your own story, the crazy replayability and the option to have your own lineage easily outweigh all the negatives that most of the gamers complain about. I will surely be dumping tons of hours in this game. I don't regret one bit for picking it up at full price."
76561198090420508,Recommended,322520,15433691,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,SarnaiTairakh-XIV,"So, after logging alot of hours into this game and extensive gameplay on all difficulties, I felt that it was time to write a review.Dynasty Warriors 8: Empires, is a really fun hack and slash game with a tactical twist which definantly keeps you on your toes on the highest difficulty as it becomes less about slaying hordes of chinese peasents and more about making sure you dont waste several thousand troops in a single battle that could be used in defending your kingdom.Pro's*Extremely high level of customization*Huge amount of customizability for your kingdom, ranging from naming it to what your soldiers wear to what your banners and warhorse looks like.*Extremely in depth tactical expirience when it comes to managing your kingdom. It makes you think of how you want to aproach the development of your kingdom on higher difficulties, versus plowing through hordes of enemys.*Huge cast of characters and weapons to choose from.*Lots of dialog based cutscenes.*Your character can be anything with the title system, from a noble hero ruler to a despicable tyranical despot.Cons*Extremely repetitive and easy gameplay if your playing on normal difficulty or lower.*It makes the Player character to safe. It advertises that generals can die in the field but I have yet to see this happen. It also prevents the enemy from capturing your or you dieing.*Some maps feel really small and the limitation of generals that can be out on the field make the game incredibly boring.The game is really fun to play casually, but it is too repetative for the hardcore completionist or players of the series. Would recomend for casual gamers 8/10.For the hardcore players who would spend hundreds of hours into this game to complete everything, I would not recomend because of the sheer volume of content as well as highly repetative gameplay.EDIT: A special thing I would like to note, the game graphics are NOT that great. There are alot of titles out there that easily destroy this game in terms of graphics. Dynasty Warriors has that flavor to it that makes it a fun game to play, despite all the bad graphics.Another thing I should note is that the game series is roughly based on a novel called 'Romance of the Three Kingdoms' which was roughly based on events happening around the time the book was made. Alot of the characters are depicted as younger and prettier to appeal to the Japanese culture. This can be good or bad depending on your tastes.If I had to give a rating on the Graphics in this game, I would rate them as bad. Aside from the special cast of characters, the custom made officers and regular foot soldiers looked EXTREMELY BLOCKY AND LOW RESOULTION. Its not as bad with the main cast of characters, but it is visible.This game is just kind of terrible in terms of trying to compete with the graphics out there. The game soley rolys on the fun and sheer replayability rather than anything else, but it does leave the user wanting more."
76561198069055404,Recommended,322520,14723558,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Jaragnaros,"As a long time fan of Dynasty Warriors (I started at Dynasty Warriors 2) I'm very pleased with this 11/10, the graphics are a little disappointing but when have we ever played DW for it's graphics (I believe it's a PS3 port but I could be wrong) but the actual gameplay is solid, as per usual you can cruise on low difficulties or really get down to business on chaos, the mix of stratagems really does help make a battle feel more fun, the tide of battle can turn easily with strats especially on higher difficulties. I'v played both as a ruler and an officer and got no complaints, enjoyed both. If you don't like tedious fights then be careful when your empire grows large, I'd end up with 3 other empires attacking me repeatedly turn after turn forcing me to replay the same defensive battle for a few turns until they have no troops left or I've captured too many of his officers. Another warning is if you use a controller the game wont switch to PC prompts but to be honest it's not hard to figure out, especially if you've already played DW8:XL. I hope Koei continue to make PC releases, I'll definitely buy more and I do hope they make a dlc upgrade for graphics to get this on par with the PS4 version but if not no biggie."
76561198168447825,Recommended,322520,16314507,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,tamarlence,"I have really enjoyed this game, one of my favorites in my library. Not only have i spent many hours playing it, but I have also learned alot about ancient China's history thanks to it."
76561198021880973,Recommended,322520,29329624,Posted: 17 January,all,luce2ombra,"I have played and pumped HOURS and HOURS both Samurai warriors 4 empires and this and these are my thoughts on the game.What it lacked in gameplay features compared to S4E, was the amount of detail in the character creation. I absolutely loved the CAW here rather than in the former.Sure the game can get repetitive but its main charm here is you always run into other people's CAW online. Just had couple of Run-ins with Gaben and freaking character named ""DOWNTOWN"".  It's immersion-breaking but its a charming delight that it will make you yearn for more playthroughs, see if a new Unit or Character from other players online will appear.One thing also that was removed from S4E Marriage feature, which disappointed me was the feature that enables your character and spouse to have children. This is, to me, is the selling point of this title. Basically after you get married, you have your child born then few years later will add into your roster. The appearance of your child will be based on both couple's appearance, traits and even stratagems.One thing I was disappointed was (on a personal matter), you can only get married once. I mean come on, this is ancient china, Rulers should have harems/consorts. Multiple children, if that would have been a feature, this would have been a gem.Overall, while this game is not that great and niche quality. It is really addicting once you get into it. A real time-killer and highly recommended to those who had come from a long break from the Dynasty Warriors series (which includes me, the last title I've played was Warriors Orochi).-----------------------If you guys wanna check out my CAW roster...Just go to Edit Mode, then Custom Units, press space then download, search of the Unit ""K.O. Brigade"" and ""Iron Lotus"". Or if you wanna check out my entire roster. Just go to ""Custom Scenarios"" Download, then search for ""Great Battlegrounds""You can also run into them in the middle of your playthrough, just turn on the guest officers option.Feel free to either welcome them in your kingdom or just kill them. And also feel free to edit them if you don't like their appearances."
76561198126742472,Recommended,322520,32695543,Posted: 23 June,all,ndrfn0,"if you have played any of the games on console you will recognise the game. that said, it is different to previous empires games i have played - there is more depth, things you need to do other than recruit/defend/invade/threaten/ally. i like the added depth. setting up the screen mode was trial and error plus google and steam guide - i dont know why they put 2 separate screen size settings but i kept selecting 1920x1080/1920x1200 by mistake resulting in the game launching in my laptop at 640x480 or something - i had to select the setting above (1920x1080/1920x1080).lack of english voice acting makes it sound odd, but the subtitles and menus are mainly fairly clear. i had to google for things like how exactly to set up the controller buttons with xbox one controller like i am used to and it still reverses the western use of X/A and O/B on ps/xbox controllers for menus - apparently using O for ok is a ps japan thing, with x being cancel. once i got used to that, and found a ps4 online manual for the game i could set up the controller buttons properly. i guessed which i should use on xbox one controller for the touch pad on the ps4 controller. otherwise the buttons are pretty easy if you have dw8 xl complete - once i remembered the buttons for the xbox 360 game dw 6 empires it is logical. if you remember guard being L1/LB then the next setting is going to be L2/LT and so on. there are some guides also on how to. this game handles an already assigned button better than DW8XL did - didnt have to unassign all buttons first.one word of warning - stop whatever you are doing if you own the games and win 10 and go right now to settings, type control panel in the search box and in control panel go into ease of access and find the keyboard sticky keys setting, SETUP STICK KEYS, go into that and uncheck the bit that enables them if you press shift 5 times or hold it down for 8 seconds. i just lost 4 hours play because the stupid win 10 popup grabbed focus and took me out of the game. alt tab seemed to be fine, but that popup caused some fixed graphic as if i was starting a new game and chosing a kingdom to come up and freeze the game so i had to quit it by closing from task bar.the added features and depth make it very different in many ways from previous empires games like SW2 empires or DW6 empires. thats unusual - normally they dont change much except the maps and adding more playable officers (taking generic ones like Xu Shu was in DW5 for example and making them a unique weapon and outfit and a story mode). i am enjoying it besides the problems. im glad i bought them while on sale. if you liked the series previous games i think you will like this one despite the strange japanese voices (the men as usual sound like they are 20 pretending to be 40 years old putting on a deep gruff voice)."
76561198044367162,Recommended,322520,14672499,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,~Reve Versant,"I'll be honest. I got this because I love the empires series. but the graphics lack and the awkward camera translation to PC really ruin the vibe for me.If you're looking for a Empires experience, buy it, but be warned its not optimised for PC at allupon putting more time into the game.  I've noticed that seriously... You feel like a god. like in the old ones, sure. the little peon troops all died easy enough, but on the harder difficulties they did some damage, in this one, I can set difficulty to chaos. then proceed to casually walk to the enemy main camp, use one musou attack, and win the mission.  Its a bit pathetic really..."
,Recommended,322520,15225952,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kina Omoi,"13 hours into Edit Mode, haven't even started playing yet.10/10 would edit again"
76561198066987817,Recommended,322520,25086401,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,OhHoNo,"Extremely satisfying with heaps of replayability. Hundreds of character creation slots to make your crappy ocs in chinese clothes holding huge swords and clubs.All money and unlockables are aquired in game too, which is a nice change from all this microtrasaction junk! Could play for hours upon hours, although it does begin to hurt your fingers after a while.Highly recommend if you like over the top beat em up/hack and slash games with no grounding in reality9/10"
,Not Recommended,322520,14675738,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Aesr,"You know, I thought Koei would do better port job than they did with Dynasty Warriors 8 Extreme Legends Complete. Alas, I was wrong. First off, Koei needs to just stop trying to port their games to PC. They don't seem to give a crap about how they put games on the PC, and just throw horrible console pots onto Steam. Its as if they don't get a crap about PC Gamers, and only look at us as cash cows, a free source of income. Dear Koei, I don't want a crappy Mcdonald's hamburger, I want a In & Out hamburger.Now to talk about why I don't recommend buying Dynasty Warriors 8 Empires:1. Direct console port- They put as minimal effort as possible to port the game. No optimization whatsoever.2. Graphics and Resolution- You only have two options, ""Texture Filter"" and ""V Sync."" You change resolutions by cycling through them one at a time and confirming each and every change until you get to your desired resolution.3. PS3 Port- Its not even the freaking PS4 port, its the PS3 version. Don't even think about running it in 1080P unless you want a horrible unscaled experience with stretched out images and very grainy graphics. If you want to see how bad the textures are, just go to character creation and see how bad the outfits look.4. $49.99 Price Tag- Its the PS3 port which is $39.99, yet we pay $49.99 for the same damn game.5. Button UI- Even if you use a controller, the button UI layout will still show the keyboard shortcuts, making you confused at first as to what button you need to push.6. The Game is Easy- I started a quick playthrough just to see how it was. I played on hard and the enemies just stood there and waited to die. The AI is horrible.7. The Game has bugs- The little bit I played, I married my waifu and had a kid (yes you get through content really fast in this game.) The moment I tried to name his, game crashed.8. $118 dollars of DLC at launch- Its basically cosmetic stuff, but the pricetag for some of that stuff is rediculous and all the DLC is twice the price of the game.There might be other things I haven't mentioned since I rage quitted and don't have a lot of play time. Needless to say, thanks for another crappy port Koei. I can see you think we are not deserving of your best efforts, and I can clearly see you think of PC Gamers in a bad light. Its all good, you lost a fan and never will I buy another one of your ports again.If you really want to buy the game, wait for it to go on sale. It is not worth 50 bucks."
,Recommended,322520,14708283,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Classic Five,"OMG still in shock with the release of empires on PC. I have long heard of it, but haven't been able to play the ""Empires"" of a Dynasty Warriors game since it usually goes out on PS3 or XBox. And here it is, right on my doorstep, on steam. What better way than to test it out.This review should be unbiased (Sort of), as I have been a dynasty warriors player of Dynasty Warriors 3, 4, 6 (5 skipped due to not being on PC), 7, and 8. I have experienced all the 1 vs 10000 army battles, while slaying down all that stands in my path (including gathering the courage to stand against the mighty Lu Bu, though mostly getting my blade handed back to me 10 times fold).And this dynasty warriors has been a blast. You get to keep your 1 vs 10000 action, slaying ten thousands of soldiers and officers on the battlefield (Though I play this as an Assassin's Creed game, always targetting the officers first). The new addition is the Empires side of it, where you get to choose to be a ruler, where you can command you kingdom, and take over the vast land of China, while slowly threatening all the kingdoms around you to just give up and hand over their land to you, or you can join as a free soldier, joining any kingdom you want (I remember the time I joined Cao Cao's kingdom as Ma Chao, then ran away when he started to lose his battles over to Sun Jian's place. Then after that, the same again to Liu Bei, and yeah. You get the idea. Betrayal is the way to live here, like Lu Bu :P).Anyway, the point is that you can always run around, making friends with officers, even becoming BFFs with them using the ""Swear siblings option"" (My siblings on my first playthrough were Liu Bei and Sun Shang Xiang (Yes, kind of ironic, judging by the historical site, but oh well), and they helped out a lot (kind of)), though you can only pick two siblings (Which, many people complained about, though many people reasoned with Liu Bei only having two, and if there are more, the ""Sworn Siblings"" wouldn't feel special anymore). You can also get a spouse in Empires which can provide you with a child to fight for the next Generation (Dynasty Warriors 9!).The ""Create new officers"" option was also a blast. I spent basically half of all my Empires time creating new officers and sending them on mock battles. Each of them all had different abilities. I enjoyed ordering them around and having them do formations that made them confused. Anyway, you can also create you own scenerios.Priceless moments of kingdomship and leadership include the ordering of the final battle. What I tried was putting timid people like Xiao Qiao as the leader. Suddenly Xiao Qiao became very ""Leadery"" (Yes, the word doesn't exist, but oh well), and started ordering people around. The ironic part was that she was ordering around the Wei Forces (A setting that was accidently set by default, haha).Another moment is putting Liu Bei and Sun Jian as my subordinates under Cao Cao (The three kingdoms united!). And basically, random officers started taking every kingdom's places. But basically, the empires options are a lot like Romance of the Three Kingdoms in the Ipad or Iphone, if you have played it, also by Techmo Koei. There are a lot of priceless moments I have encountered in this game, that have made me gone WTF in scenerios or have laughed until I cried due to knowing the historical reference and just watching the what-if scenes drives me crazy.One thing I would have Techmo Koei improve is the price of the costumes. I mean, I like all those costumes, they are very creative as DLCS, but serioesly? $12.99 dollars just for buying a couple of captain falcon and power ranger suits for my characters? I mean okay, it is limited edition, but seriously. Another feature I would have Techmo Koei add is online battles, as they would really make this a very memorable game. But I don't really care anymore. The important thing is that I have experienced Empires myself and have experienced all the cries and joys and laughs of the game.8/10 is the fairest score I can give for the game, considering all the pros and cons. To sum it all up, this game was truly one of the best so far that Koei had ever released. I really like all the features that have been offered. Two thumbs up, even four with my foot thumbs, for Koei to be creating such a game that has been able to get me hooked for so long."
,Recommended,322520,15052273,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,CKC ~ 陳嘉俊,"Ok so..... this is all good that after 20 long years I've had a daughter with Xiao Qiao and become the ruler of China. 10/10*Start's new empire mode and includes daughter into the Unit* 3 years down the line as ruler, daughter confesses love to me... ?/10No comment, don't want to imagine the future generations of my family."
,Recommended,322520,33187875,Posted: 3 July,all,nguyenbaoluan1989,"Very fun, addicting game. I've played for more than 200 hours and still keep getting back into it.This game has more RPG elements than my second favorite Empires game, Samurai Warriors Empires 2.GAMEPLAY 8/10You play as an officer instead of a force.As a free officer, you can take on quests, raise relationships with other officers or form a vagabond unit and join battles.If you join a force, you have to work your way up from Lieutenant -> Officer -> Prefect -> Marshal / Strategist and maybe Ruler.You do that by raising your Merits (exp) either through battles or completing objectives.In battle, you can choose up to 4 objectives to get more Merits (like defeating a number of officers or taking a specific base).Outside of battle, you can choose from a list of objectives like Forming a alliance or Raiding an area.As a Marshal / Strategist, your Ruler may offer to step down and leave you in charge, or you have the option to rebel and take the country for yourself.Battles are typical DW 1-against-1000 hack n slash, you take over bases to create a supply line from your bases to the enemy's main base and then take over their main base or defeat their commander. If you're the commander you can give orders like Attack, Defend... or give individual orders to each officer which is nice.There's a Way Of Life system that changes your title according to the way you play. So for example if you donate money to the people then you may get Benevolent Ruler, if you use tactics like Rumors, Alienate then you may get Wiley Tactician.But it seems to me that this affects other officers more than your own so I don't really care about it.This game is best played with a controller but it still shows the keyboard keys on the game interface, so it's annoying to figure out which key corresponds to which button.SOUND 5/10Decent, typical DW rock guitar music in battle. Japanese voices.GRAPHICS 6/10Decent. Unique officers have good models but models for Created / Generic officers are low res. Battlefields are bland.STORY 6/10Each scenario has a unique battle from the book but that's it.Familial relationships are not recognized so you may get a request to swear a brotherhood oath from your dad :)You can get married and have a kid. Your kid's appearance is generated using the parents' appearances and he/she will grow up and join your force.REPLAYABILITY 9/10There're 5 scenarios and so many officers (unique and generic) to choose from.You can choose to play as a mere Lieutenant / Officer and follow orders, or as a Prefect to be in charge of a city, or a Marshal / Strategist / Ruler if you're ambitious.You can also create characters and scenarios or download them from other players. You can replace a generic officer with a created one, so if you feel like Hua Xiong needs a unique model and a different moveset, you can do that.The biggest disappointment to me is the endings (or ending, since they're all the same). No matter how you played, the ending will be you walking with your officers, say 1-2 lines about uniting and then some flashbacks of the scenes that you saw during the game, that's it.SW2E's endings were much better.If there were more endings, the replayability would be 10/10.OVERALL 9/10If you like DW with light RPG elements, and like playing as an officer instead of a force, you'll like this game."
,Not Recommended,322520,15742057,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Gulskjaeren,"This game is a downgrade from its Dynasty Warriors 8/ Xtreme Legends Complete Edtion.I say this because I expected it to finally be the combination of RoTK and DW series. The game, howver has not strayed far from its established formula.The character interactions are terrible.When compared to other Koei titles like DW8XCE and SW Chronicles, it pales in comparison because it lacks the relevance of character interaction. For DW8XLCE, when you play as a legendary hero, you are immersed in his story and values which are quite enjoyable to witness. For SW Chronicles, your custom character is made part of history and interacts with the prominent figures of the time. Again you see characters development as these figures develop their own morals. In DW8: E, you can play as a historical figure or as your own character but it lacks the features of the two aforementioned games. Marriage and sworn sibling vows are barely rewarding. You get a confession, get engaged, get married, have sex and bare a child (whoo that was quick) and it means little apart from getting another officer in your army.When compared to its predecessor, DW7: Empires. there are fewer cutscenes, events and movies which could have slighly remedied the immersion problem.Why should this matter? ""Its a dynasty empires game, the series has never been known for good immersion."" That's exactly the point. Every Dynasty Empires Game so far has had the same problem and they can all be described as repetitive and boring. Picking up any other title from the series would net you more or less the same amount of satisfaction you would get here. If you hate games with these qualities, this is not for youEvent Battles aren't very exciting.If you came from DW8/XLCE and you enjoyed its scenarios but found the missions tedious or wanted to plan your own method of attack like a tru strategist? Then you'll be slightly disappointed that some event battles like Hu Lao gate have been retconned to a different map that is quite bland.Graphics bring shame to the master race.I was so excited that I purchased DW7:E to curb my excitement while waiting for its release. The graphics of its predecessor had me ogling at the games gallery for extended periods. When I saw the character models in DW8:E I wondered if I bought the correct game because of its poor quality. Granted the game was still in its early stages when I played it, but its release state wasn't exactly the best form it showed to its consumers.Allies are still useless.Yes the game wants you to be a one man army, but in a game where army movement and ""cooperation"" is a game component, you'd expect they'd be able to stand up for themselves every now and then instead of flooding your log with ""Officer so-and-so's unit is struggling"", forcing you to have to be all over the area which is ridiculous considering you are just one guy. Your allies break if it comes in contact with something harder than a feather pillow.Put this game on hold for now, your money would be better spent on Koei's other Titles like SW4 or Toukiden"
76561198069516383,Recommended,322520,16398023,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Legaramir,"The game is pricely and buggy, but it's always a pleasure to let go stress by kicking some asses"
,Recommended,322520,14697580,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,slyfuldragon,"Allow me start off by exclaiming that anyone who does not recommend this game simply because it doesn't have any English Dubs is clearly nit-picking and haven't given it much of a chance.Now with that out the way, this is not a bad port now that Dynasty Warriors fans can finally play an Empires game on the PC. Granted it's the PS3 port (as I had all settings turned to MAX and didn't look as nearly as good as the XB1 or PS4 versions), but it doesn't take away the fun factor or the massive replayability of the game. The only thing I had to do was remap the controller bindings which you will need to do.PC DW fans can rejoice now by Creating a Warrior(/Banner/Horses/Scenarios/etc...) and seize control of unifying China by any means necessary.This is worthy of picking it up at Full price (if you can justify it) or at a sale price.10/10 would rule China again."
,Recommended,322520,16107440,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Archangel,"Short Review:A nice sidestep of the DW franchise to the tactical/strategical path plus 8: it has a lot of stuff to make you replay the game and the editor is one of the best of the series, but unfortunately it feels lacking in comparison to DW:E7.However, considering this is the first time a DW has come to the pc, meaning that more might come too, I highly recommend give it a try especially if on discount: it's fun and still has the DW charm to it.Don't bother if you want variation or don't like action/brawler games.Long Review:I've followed the Empires series for a long time now, starting out with DW:E4 (which I think it's the first of the Empires series? Please correct me if I'm wrong)) and I always loved their unique takes on the game and how it's basically up to the player to flesh out the campaign. On top of that you are able to make your own characters fight each others and with the latest installments the editor is now very well made and gives a lot of customization choices (and space).Still I can't deny that this one installment in particular seems to be the most lackluster of all and that the more I played, the more I wanted to see things happening in game, making it feel more like lazy work.A lot has been improved: the editor is definitely the best of the series (for me at least) and you can edit almost anything, even single musous that you want: ever wanted Lu Bu skill set but with Diao Chan's Musou? You can! On top of that you have far more slots to create, have a lot more of color choices (for some reason DW:E7 had less colors) and even more weapons to choose, some of which are from the DW:8's DLC.Sure, the editor is still stuck with those pre-made assets and outfits and almost all of them are taken from previous Empires Installments, but it's very nice to see them implemented into a better editor that lets you make all sorts of characters: from giants to dwarves, from busty ladies to Lo-I mean young girls. Overall it's a nice addition and I hope they keep doing this for the next installment too.Now for the game itself...well it's still well made and I see they improved somethings, using the mechanic of vagabond-officer-ruler taken from DW:E6 (yes it started there) but amplified a little more. Still I can't say I have seen a lot of difference at all and I might forget some details, but overall it feels the samey.As a vagabond you just wander around the land, take quests and if you want you can choose to serve under a lord and make them the most overpowered forces in the land by giving them flash victories within 5 minutes. Or just keep doing quests because why not, but as a wanderer you won't be able to ""win"" the game: it will send you back to the main menu without even rolling the credits, or the ending cutscene (unless something has changed?).As an officer it's pretty much the same too: you server under a ruler that with the right rank you can give your take and ideas for the land's conquest, or make your kingdom flourish in money or else but nothing much is done here. At each council you're also able to partake to a max of 3 goals to achieve within that time spam (4 ingame months) in order to get more merit points (the experience points) and level up and to upgrade your equipment if you got the right shop in that land, as you can make them yourself by building them. As an officer you are given some choices and options but aren't as important as the ones of the ruler, which I will mention briefly.The main issue as an officer however is that your ruler is a joke for the most part and unless he's a warmonger (as in, a maniac) he won't bother attacking other kingdoms or anything and simple increase your incomes for no real reason: I was often rich and had everything maximized but my ruler wouldn't attack! I had to give him that suggestion myself (after a promotion) to do that. And to get promotions you need to do a lot of sidejobs, so it becomes easily longers but not really fun. I can safely say that I didn't have much fun as an officer because I felt hindered more than anything.But as a Ruler it's totally different: as a Ruler you're given a lot more choices - yes even invading (DUH!), and also to split the land between your officers for maximizing protection: that way whenever your land is under attack it's that officer's job to defend it, instead of yourself. Of course it doesn't always work but it helps if you don't want to do defend that zone yourself. You are also given the choice to order your people around the battlefield (you can also as an officer, but only if you got the right rank and also if you're given the command of the battle, but I wasn't able to able to command many battles as an officer), and on top of that I forgot one additional detail of the new game: the stratagems, which are essentially skills that you use for either strategical help (like turrets near a base, or flame arrows for lowering the hp of enemies around the base) or healing or even teleport to base. I think they're ok but nothing too gamebreaking but if done well they can really be gamechanging, especially if you're near losing.Although you get to die twice before you lose the match instead of once.Other additions were also made but don't feel well implemented: now you can have children with your spouse but it's so cheaply made that they might as well not insert it because when you get it, the game pops out a soldier telling you that you had a healthy child and then you get to name it. It's so disappointing and really feels cheap.On the other hand, your child can become an officer and will share abilities between the parents (one of my child shared a blind eye...it was so funny I even made a screenshot. Talk about healthy!) and it's surprisingly better implemented because you see the family ""somewhat"" relating together as the parents see their child start their fighting...but that's it: as soon as you fight your child is no longer considered yours, your wife/husband is not yours, and everything is the same as there's no special lines of dialogue in battle between married couples and feels so badly done, especially since I was waiting for this feature in a long time.The game has also the usual scenarios to choose but they're less than before, but then you get the free scenario where you essentially play with random generated kingdoms for random fun everytime: in this part however you can make also your own kingdoms and use them into premade scenarios to play for some specific ideas, as the kingdom edit is far better than the previous and allows you to put 10 officers into it and also customize the soldier, banner and color. Overall it's a nice addition but this is up to your imagination, because while the game is big it also feels lacking some features...and also polish.The game feels very unpolished despite being a port, which is very depressing because I know the games can be better (heck I played Samurai Warriors 4 on the ps4, and that game is a joy for the eyes too). Sure this is still a good game overall and you get a lot of content, but I can't deny that the lack of ""actual"" new features got me bored pretty quickly.Despite the improvements and a welcome addition to the Empires series, I would recommend the game if you actually never played any of the series before, because for once I felt really ""bored"" at playing this entrance but that's because I played every other installments before this so it's hard to not notice the differences.But if you haven't, you'll have a blast and even if flawed, I can't say that's a bad game. It's unpolished, but still fun."
,Recommended,322520,14682508,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,jktmstokes1,"Does it have rough patches? Yes.Does it need to have better control integration? Yes.Could the graphics be better? Atleast more akin to the console version? Yes.All those things can deter you, but for me it comes down to being glad to have this game and games like it on steam... and most importantly...Is it fun? Yes.Edit: 3/1/2015I've played this game a lot more, and the actual empire mode is extremely fun and engaging. All the little things add a new depth and strategy to the Dynasty Warriors formula. You can get married, have a kid, and carry on the legacy.  You must befriend generals and develop friendships in order to keep your ranks appeased but more importantly, intact.The main menu is old and klunkly but the menus within the actual modes get the job done.Though this game isn't a perfect PC port, it is a great game. And as far as the port goes, draw distance, high fps with very little drops, and the lack of crashing make this game smooth. Once you get engaged, you'll be able to stay engaged."
,Recommended,322520,14682957,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Karl (Chariot),"I really would like a neutral voting here. Generally I would say ""Yes"", although not without a big ""BUT"" behind it. Bigger than a Yes vote translates.Dynasty Warriors 8: Empires is fun. It provides the amazing Musou gameplay and the small, but fun tactical level of Empires. Managing your actions over the year, befriending generals, conquerin, raiding, building to finally unite China. What bothers me though is the fact that we - once again - only got a messy PS3 port. The graphics look plain bad, soldiers pop in and out at random, 360 pad configuration is a mess, a few important screen resolutions are missing and I heard of a handful bugs.It's fun and has enough contents for hundreds of hours of gameplay, thanks to the edit mode, but you should think twice about what you're supporting with buying this game."
,Recommended,322520,32163899,Posted: 3 June,all,Hunted,"Slayed a bunch of pathetic trimps, married waifu, dismantled empires, won game. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,322520,17272339,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Triscy.TV,"I do not recommend this game. Koei Tecmo have made horrible PC ports of their games throughout their entire time on PC. DW8E not only brings the last-generation PS3 graphics instead of PS4 quality for their port, but also does not include the online multiplayer co-op that both PS3 and PS4 have. At the same time as it offers a lesser product, it charges the same as the current-gen PS4 console version; a full $50.On top of all of this, menus are atrocious to navigate on PC. Controls are in no way optimized for mouse and keyboard, with various features that any PC player would normally expect lacking or missing completely. Even when a controller is plugged in, navigation is clunky. While various features of the game itself are enjoyable, the entire experience is aggravating and feels like a watered-down port done on a cheap budget for the sole purpose of printing money for KT without giving it the love and effort that the consumers deserve."
,Not Recommended,322520,14693800,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Burridge,"Okay, I absolutely love the Warriors series of games. However there are some major issues. I'll go through the list of pros and cons from my perspective.PROS:An Empires game on PCRuns great (I get stable 60 fps)The edit system allows you to create custom characters, scenarios, mounts, banners, AND soldiersCONS:It only shows buttons for keyboard, and not controllerIt feels rushed/no effort put into it for PC port (probably because it was released at the same time as the console releases to)If I minimize it seems to freeze and I have to go back to the main menuThe price (you can get the console equivalents for at least 10 quid cheaper on amazon)The amount/price of DLC (paying for a full price title like this it's absurd that we should have so much DLC at the price it's all at, for 39.99 I would expect all that to already be in the damn game)No English voice acting (personal preference, just feels lazy, and I prefer to listen to what the characters are saying rather than have to read it all)So in summery I would say unless you absolutely love the warriors games, and enjoy them regardless wait for this to go on sale/for Koei to sort the many problems it has. I'll change this review should the pros outweigh the cons, but right now they don't. It's disappointing. :("
76561198007994237,Recommended,322520,14674693,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,lordjas2101,"First off,I commend Koei for bringing DW8:Empire to PC and in english as well,that's a huge Pro,But it's not without it's flaws...ProGreat GameplayPC versionGreat 1080p resolutionnice 60 FPSConsLooks like PS2 graphicsNo mouse supportNo Xbox icons if playing with Xbox ControllersNo Online CoopDespite the flaws,it is a good game and the gameplay has improved from 7. So i can recommend this to people if they don't mind the cons above. But it would be nice if Koei fix these issues and if possible,give us official modding support and that would make the game much more enjoyable."
76561197964866568,Recommended,322520,25470902,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Crusader_bin,"Good combat, fun character creater, going from zero to hero.Despite many campaigns, it feels pretty generic and if played too much, kinda a grind.The strategy map options are a nice way to rest between the fights as well. If there is any auto-fighting, I didn't find that, it would certainly come in handy.I would give it a 7/10. Fun for a while, grindy (and continuously more boring that is).Probably should deduct one point for the ridiculous price and one more for the ridiculous ammount of highly priced DLCs. That is if you care about those, that'd be 5/10. If not, 7/10.KOEI doesn't have a good reputation for a reason.WARING: Only supports 1080p resolution, no 1440p or 4k."
,Recommended,322520,14671650,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Semple,"It has a few annoying bugs, mostly for unbound keys. But it is very solid and I love the character creator. all my time played right now has been spent making characters and doing mock battles with them.12/10 would play dress up warriors 8 again.Edit: For those complaining about the DLC... I have found no benefit from even owning it. All they are is cosmetic items and music. Nothing of value lost with or without the DLC.Also, the combat is very fun. Putting together unqiue combinations of weapons makes this a fantastic game. The Empire mode is well done and is a lot of fun. If you think you need the DLC to enjoy this game, you are already playing the wrong game."
,Recommended,322520,14860839,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Foxfisher159,"Oh boy even Jim Sterling hated on this game (most people disliked it for its graphics and over priced DLC).Buuuut I like the game even with reading Jim Sterling's review,Its a good turn based stratigical hack'n'slash game...Yes you heard me right ""TURN BASED STRATIGICAL HACK'N'SLASH""This review may also be atad over opinonated as you'll see later in the review.So you likely bought and downloaded the game and saw the ""Edit Mode"" Button, That is a really handy button that allows you to make your own characters, Scenarios, Banners and Units(And soldiers), and the best of all....Horses.Characters:Your custom character has a TON and i mean a TON of variety making your dream character making your waifu selecting their favorite weapon and their musou attacks and rage attack,Other than custom officers you have the same officers from DW8 with a new additon: Xun Yu a character that has a weapon that isn't as complex as it seems, See the formation staff has certin combo attcks that laucn staffs and after you see a line of lightening connecting them you can press special attack again to create a formation and damage all in the formation.That said the variety is big and small but its good(I mean you can add anyone did you think it would have small variety?)Graphics!:Oh boy are people gonna disagree like crazy:I love old graphics *GASP* im not a big fan of too many shaders and as a port of the PS3 version i fell in love with the graphics (Also in DW8 i love the luoyang stage because of the lighting it made it seem like surounded by water even though it isnt) in most areas they look so friggen majestic.Gameplay!:. . .Its dynasty warriors....Outisde of the actual battles we have being able to get married and have a child who will in a matter of a hour of your time will be able to become a adult and fight in your army!...They grow up so bloody fast,Each turn is simulated as a month and you can only do one miltary, Political, or Personeel action per turn you can only invade once per turn also (Or raid...)The (Somewhat) Controverisal DLC!:Dont let the people who say: ""If the game doesnt have cheap or good DLC then its crap!"" fool you the DLC doesnt add anything of inportance to the core gameplay most of it is adding stuff to the dress up simulator or costumes 110+$ is a bit cheap but lets face it, Are you really gonna buy stuff that arn't edit parts?Bonus Points!:Bonus points are currency you can get from completing battles which you can use to get items for free play or use more bonus points to use the items you got with bonus points in empire mode, Just play defense mode for like a hour and you'll have plenty to get some weapons or items.Conclusion:Now I can understand where Jim is coming from the game feels atad bit sloopy and most things are recycled I'll still have a ton of fun none the less my final rating is:7/10 I had a lot of fun making a character and just killing peons."
76561198007278766,Recommended,322520,14677725,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mac,"Great game, well worth the price. So many improvements and content added. Keyboard controls are fluid if you dont have a controller. I just cant say enough about this game to do it justice. The only negative i can even think of is that there is no sort of online multiplayer, which for a game like this isnt really a bad thing. Dont miss out on this one."
76561198081371819,Not Recommended,322520,27876989,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"If you are a long time fan of the franchise, you'll probably like this game too. Aa for me my fandom has been withering over the last few iterations of this franchise.First off its a straight console port, I had no real issues with crashing or the graphics, but the controller support was at times a little wonky. The game is a standard rehashing of any of the previous itterations as far as I can tell with a few minor tweaks here and there, some more annoying than others.I don't think its really worth the full price though, and I will not be purchasing the next version unless they add somekind of mod toolkit, or at the very least some sort of map creator that will allow you to create your own battles with no limitations.Koei are you listening?"
,Recommended,322520,14859350,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Squids have curves,"- Made my character a Cat with a giant head.- Married Lu Lingqi, Lu Bu's daughter (Which I pursued)- Had a daughter, called her Lynn Cest- Executed all the males, enrolled all the girls as officers.- Made banquets most of the turns.10/10 Would make a decadent warzone Harem again."
76561198020747997,Recommended,322520,14979556,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Neo,Killed all the enemy generals and officers ( expect the commander) with one hit with my musou.2 minutes later killed by a peasent with a spear.10/10 would promote peasent to marshal or strategist .
,Recommended,322520,14730979,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,itz_Recon ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,"I use to play DW2 and DW4 on my PS2, and I had so much fun playing with all three kingdoms. And in this game they took it to a whole new level for me. It wasn't just Hack and Slash  this time, you have the option to PLAN it out before the battle starts. I love that you can customize characters, soldiers, horses, and have your very own banner! Empire mode is basically YOUR story mode.Pros:- Tons of Customization(Edit Mode)- Gameplay Hack&Slash w/ Strategy!- Getting Married (Awwwww yeee)- You get to be an Emperor and Conquer all of China!Cons:- Main Menu - Keyboard Controls (Gets annoying but I wouldn't worry about it)If you love playing Dynasty Warriors before or haven't played it, I totally reccomend buying this one! Doesn't matter if its full price - it was worth it!Overall its very fun and addicting. 10/10"
,Recommended,322520,23832793,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Prominence Ricca,"What is this game about? Why it's a Dynasty Warriors game which you can create your very own warrior and conquer China or use the vanilla warriors in your playthrough.In simple terms, this game gives you freedom to be any officer or create your own Warrior to conquer China and rule as you see fit in many ways.Music: 7.5Story: 9 (Create your own story in any scenario or your very own scenario)Gameplay: 7.5 (get repetitive beating up Invading Kingdom or Defending / Making choices in Kingdom Strategy)Overall: 8Pros:1. Important cutscenes of important events done by the player's controlled character2. Create a Warrior - highly customizable not only the warrior's looks but their own musou / moveset3. Many ways to live - Play as a tyrant, a hero or the seriously / absolute justice hero or the completely neutral4. Custom warriors and scenarios created by other players (which others uploaded / may also be downloaded into your game)5. Every playthrough a custom officer / vagabond unit (which can be your OWN creations or others) may appear in the scenario6. Many ways to live how you wish your character to live which will be reflected at the end of the game7. Strategems - Alter the flow of war with strategems8. Create your own soldier / Horse / Banner / Vagabond Unit / Scenario / Warrior50/501. Quests - The main function of gathering resources, soldiers, funds and also altering your warrior's virtues / Get repetitive after a while BUT rewarded with cutscenes for major quests2. Game only displays keyboard buttons but can still remap for controllers3. Player may only upload 1 of their created warrior / vagabond / scenarioCons:1. Some minor bugs (EG: Enemy Officer is under the Ship after a cutscene but the officer goes back on the ship after a while)2. Expensive DLCs (some which gives you more customizations to your created officers)"
,Recommended,322520,14705546,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Krauser II,Fulfilled my fantasy of marrying Lu Bu 10/10
76561198006634510,Recommended,322520,26512171,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,PhoenixOmen,"Great game. If you are a fan of the franchise you will enjoy it. I am a PC gamer so this empire is my first instace of the series and I do like it a lot. Sadly no game is perfect and when it comes to strategic games perfection should always be the aim when speaking on PC terms.Pros:- It's a dynasty warriors game. As stated, if you are a fan of these series you'll get more of the same content you love.- You do get to customize your own units, kingdom and officers.- You get to administer your subordinates and regions.- Great variety in  uniforms and weapons.Cons:- Graphics: It looks like Koei has yet to understand we are in 2016.- Simple: A strategic game should not be this simple. The control over your kingdom is simplistic (at best) and it does make you feel as if the game is empty and lacking on options and decision making.- Price: The game is (in my opinion) overpriced taking in consideation the game Graphics are from a ""prehistoric"" era. The DLC' are extremely expensive for what they offer. Most of the DLC's are not usable with/for customized officers. the good side of it is that you don't need them (they are only for cosmetics).- Poor port: they keep making the same mistakes over and over when porting Dynasty Warriors into PC. Hopefully some day they will develop one of their Dynasty games thinking on PC."
,Recommended,322520,14680927,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,☸ Shōgun ☸,"Played Yu Jin, served Sun Jian, married Sima Yi's wife, had a kid, she looked like a potato, became marshal, had to put down the same rebellion 3 times in a row just before the final battle, killed the last guy in 9 seconds, China is now under the Sun family.In Edit mode: Made a guy with an afro called Disco Dave who danced around in a furry green outfit with his harp playing music for the people of China and somehow killing them at the same time.294/24 would have a potato kid again and play top UK charts music again via harp."
,Recommended,322520,24375163,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Groyer,"Joined Wu, helped Sun Ce take all the territories, banged his sister then killed him to take his entire empire and win in two turns.i r8 8/8 w/no h8 m8sAmazingly simple, pick-up-and-play fun. Don't buy this at full price, though. Not worth $50 USD."
,Recommended,322520,14686984,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kain,"Game is very good if we are to compare to Dynasty Warrior 8 Xtreme Legends, it has a lot more replayability and customization. In general at least for me it is way more fun and in the next days and so on I will probably easily surpass the time I did spent on Dynasty Warrior 8 Xtreme Legends.I think it's easier to point out the negatives as they were few for me:- Graphics are pretty bad, probably a PS3 port. My goodness, why not just port PS4 this time? It would be excellent. The map textures are noticeable bad ( mind you, I did play on max graphics ) and even of the cannon fodder characters.- Some may see it as a negative, if you plug your controller it doesn't change the icons to help easier management.If you did enjoy the other DW game on Steam, this one you will have a blast. If you didn't purchased the other game, I'd recommend this one over that other  which is mostly focused on storyline while this one has lots of replayability."
,Not Recommended,322520,16728070,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Toot Toot (Yeah) Beep Beep,"I dunno man. It's Dynasty Warriors, so if you're into that, that's great. And the strategic game is fun if not shallow. It just feels like the whole thing is what those ""Conquer all of china"" modes in the main line of games should be if they were better fleshed out, instead of a standalone title (let alone a $50 title). That, and this port is even lazier than the lazy-but-acceptable DW8XL. No English? No controller rumble?I definitely don't think it's worth the full price. I got it on a sale so I don't feel too terrible. If you wanna wait for a sale and you like Dynasty Warriors, you probably won't feel too terrible either.Or you could just get DW8 Xtreme Legends instead, and get a more complete experience, in English."
,Recommended,322520,34045436,Posted: 5 August,all,KHMarieXII,"I have been meaning to write a review for this game and I am only now really getting around to it.Before beginning let me state that this review does come from the bias of someone who does heavily enjoy the Dynasty Warriors franchise. That in mind, I hope others who might be a fan of the series as well might be able to take what I say about this particular game more to heart.On to it: The Empire series is one of my favourite in the DW’s line, I probably play them more than the main game series to be quite frank. That being said, Dynasty Warriors 8 Empires was a bit of a let down compared to past installments. I believe anyone who might have never played an Empires game or even a Dynasty Warriors game who would still be able to pick this game up and thoroughly enjoy it.I initially played the game on my PS4, where I had to stop because it kept crashing my system, so instead reluctantly rebought the PC port. Which is really all it is, a port to the PC from the PS4. The controls can be really off-putting at times, and I would highly suggest never playing this game without a controller. Going into a full list of cons, again, I want to state that these will be coming from the perspective of someone who plays the actual series and not just this singular game alone.Cons:-The game is a step back from previous versions. Dynasty Warriors 7 Empires had MUCH more content in it. More dialogue, better cut-scenes, an overall better system. It was just a better game. So to see DW8E get worse was really… discouraging to someone who pretty much dropped $100 just to be able to keep playing the game.-Character customization options have literally not changed at all. Facial adjustments have maybe slightly improved? Otherwise it’s mostly just all brought over from DW7E.-To any long time fans of the series, it’s really not worth $50. I mean, that’s a really hefty price-tag, and while I do feel perhaps some buyer's remorse from having paid double to keep playing, I also enjoy Empires enough that I really would have preferred to be able to play it on my PC. Even if the PC port is kinda okay.-This is redundant, and I know it is, but it really bothered me how bad interactions and dialogue were. There is no visiting cities anymore? No walking about and actually seeing how your rule affects people. It’s just an occasional cutscene, and it really takes away from the immersion of the game.-Children system is still trash, and you can only have one. And from what gameplay I have done, your spouses no longer heal you if you’re on the battlefield with them and injured.-DW8 in general was a step back from DW7 as it was, so truthfully, I can’t be too surprised that the Empires series suffered some as well.Pros:These judgements are steered more towards new players of the series, as the game still does have redeemable qualities.- From just a game standpoint alone, it’s fun. There are lots of campaigns to do, and hours worth of difficult battles to participate in.-You can have your own character who can marry off any random officer or notorious officer and have a kid who you can also play with. As stated in the cons, the system isn’t amazing, but it’s still a fun little thing that’s there.-Tons of variety in characters and fighting styles. Really, there is SO much to choose from, it’s great.-It’s a hack and slash, so you get to run around killing thousands of people and it’s pretty rewarding for just that alone.-The added strategy of the Empire series allows you to try different techniques in how you would like to take over all of China. You can rule with an iron fist, be really benevolent, or be downright tyrannical. Depending on which route you choose, your gameplay might prove to be more difficult, which is part of the enjoyment of the game.-You don’t have to be a ruler. You can assist in helping bring someone else to power. Tear someone else down. Overthrow rulers, etc. The possibilities are really quite high.In the end, while it might be easy for me to say “this game is bad compared to DW7” objectively it is not a terrible game by any standards. If I had to drop a flat rating on it, I’d give it a 6/10 and I do recommend it to people who might like to try an Empires game on the PC. I think anyone who might want a fun game to play would like it for what it is, but anyone who has ever touched a DW game beforehand would be able to clearly see its glaring flaws."
76561198205174609,Recommended,322520,29637856,Posted: 1 February,all,Cold Armored Paladin,I've played a fair amount of DW games and this game is pretty much what you would expect from the series. Personally I enjoy the Orochi series the most so with the chracter creation in this game I can in a way scratch that itch of playing as non canon chracters and factions. Other than the chracter creation part nothing about this game is different or inovative. If you like the series and some of the spinoffs then I can recommend purchasing it. If your looking for somthing new to the story or mechanics then I would look elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,322520,24008940,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ﾚﾌﾄ,"There is something about mowing through hordes of enemies and then, mowing through hordes of officers with Musous and weapon combos. It really scratches that hack n slash itch for me in a way other games don't. I think I may just like seeing my combo and kills counter go up.There are so many weapons in this games too, I havent even gotton a chance to use all of them. The Stretegems are pretty great too, I race race Lu Bu's red hare all the time with the speed increating ones.I can go on and on about all the neat features in this game but that would be dishonest. Because all these cool sounding features are really shallow. My dog would die of dehydration if I put this in her water bowl.I can't wholehearly recommend this game to anyone, it's a niche title in the Musuo genre. You have to -really- want to play your own character and take over China because thats what you will be doing over and over again.The character creation is really the only appeal I can see in this game over the DW8XL game here on steam, there are plently of VAs, constumes and weapons, and you even even choose your musous. And bonus, the face options don't completely suck like 90% of WRPGs.So, you can have fun making something nice rather than concentrationg on trying to make it look human, unless you're into bizarre stuff, the sliders are generous.As for everything else.Im starved for more substances in certain areas like quests, invading, dialoues and just the overall progression. Empires is pretty fun, but you can also see how hard to devs worked to make it look lazy and unpolished. The novetly of the actual game wears off, and my source of entertainment is purely from the weapons and CAW or else I would have stopped about about at around 10-15 hours or one playthrough ( if you stretch it).I also suffer from a bug that where I only my game crashes 90% on the title screen. The PS4 grafics didnt get ported. And if you alt-tab the menus can become corrupted the point where you have to kill it in the task manager.So there you have it, DW8XL lacks a character creater and DW8 Empires is shallow.KOEITECMO, please stop making one game into two seperate titles. You're bad and you should feel bad.It's okay to like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games, stop getting so upset.Now.. FEAR THE DRAGONS ROAR!__________Looks like Im getting downvoted for real.It's still a shallow game though. I can kind of respect how willing people are to defend it but I decided to look at objectively and it's fun, but it lacks too many aspects and Im not afraid to say this game is far from perfect. The rough edeges are everywhere, it could be so much more. I bought the games for something like $50 or $60 and it feels liek soething I should have had in DW8XL all along.Get DW8XL for an experience that I consider better than this. Both games follow the same rules for the most part.And do yourself a favor and ask for more in the next instalment. I can only speak for the PC version but endorsing games that obviously have many flaws and have been cut back or split into seperate games is just a disservice to yourself. I dont think anyone can deny that this game doesnt have elements of all those things.This game deserves it's red fonted mixed rating and I cant help but think that DW fan are the main force propelling it even that far which I f\ind a littel dishonest.It's okay to like bad games."
,Recommended,322520,14675652,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Acharenus,A functional port of a decent game.A straight forward hack and slash game combined with turn based strategy and RPG elements. If you're a dynasty warriors fan you've probably already brought it. If not this is a decent and cathartic game series that's easy to reccomend.
,Not Recommended,322520,30718342,Posted: 24 March,all,GARASHTA,"Played a lot, love KOEI, but frankly, this game is almost a scam.- The gameplay is exactly the same as all dynasty warriors ever. They create a new character, a new weapon, some small and useless change on the mechanics, but those are clearly things that were added only for it to show something was added. Nothing relevant, you can pretty much play for weeks without using or noticing those ""new mechanics""- The ""empires"" part of the title, along with the advertising, are there to trick you into thinking there is some strategy or tactical aspect on this game. There is none, there is only a fake strategy aspect. You can pretty much play this game disregarding strategy at all and win just by mashing buttons.- in the entirety of the game there is a clear feeling that KOEI picked up things they already had available and rushed to release in a way as to call a ""new"" game, without any considerations as to whether this game will be good or bad. All they wanted was to come with a finished product that would earn then some money while costing the less possible amount. In that regard, they must have been very successful.Keep in mind: This very heavy review you are reading comes from a KOEI fan. That is how bad this game is."
76561198042755799,Recommended,322520,14673234,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,JDap,"Love the Dynasty Warriors series and this Empires installment does not disappoint. Tax everyone until they have no money, and then tax them some more. 10/10 execute all enemies"
,Recommended,322520,25946126,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[HoB]Gotomtom,"First off I have to say I love the game overall. 7/10I don't play many hack 'n slash games, but the dynasty warriors and samurai warriors are certainly the exception. Though I have played others in these series I shall ignore those and focus on this game instead.Positive aspectsWhat do I like about this game? (see the spoilers for more details)Empire modeCharacter creationBattlesDifficulty settingsTactics and StratagemsChoose to be lord, vassal, free officer or Vagabond leader+the empire conquest mode, at heart I am more of a strategy game player, the conquest, or ""empire"" mode as it is called here adds a little bit of management and strategy to the game. It could be better as its depth is somewhat limited, but keep in mind that this game is at its core a hack 'n slash, not a grand strategy.+Character creation, what makes or breaks these warriors games for me is the ability to make your own character(s). This game allows that, with a decent variety. The amount of officers you can make is ridiculous. No complains here.+Battles, the battles tend to be rather large in the current version of the game, the hack 'n slash part comes to its right as you can usually mass murder at least 2k enemies per battle, I have gotten up to 5k as a record in a single battle.+difficulty settings, in my opinion this is important, why? Because when I bought the game when it released the difference between normal and hard was way too much. Normal was too easy and hard was (for me) impossible. Now? Normal is actually a lot less easy (though still certainly not hard) Hard is just that, hard, but certainly playable for me. Depending on how I feel switching between normal and hard gives me either the power to totally push over the enemy or actually require me to plan my tactics and manage my health, possibly even losing.+Tactics, the use of ""stratagems""in game can actually turn the tide, which speaks to my strategy natured heart.+lord, vassal, vagabond or non-aligned, the option to choose whether you want to rule a land, or help some iconic character to conquer the world (a.k.a. the China), or, actually go at it alone or with a small group, roaming the land seeking riches and fame without actually joining a kingdom. I don't always feel like being the ruler, it is nice to serve under Cao Cao or Lui Bei sometimes+Guan Yu, because he is epic. (yes I actually read the romance of the three kingdoms)Negative aspectsThe downside to me are the price of DLC and the lack of a proper story mode. (See spoiler for details)No story mode.OVERPRICEDDLCGuest heroes-Lack of story mode, not included, please buy Dynasty Warriors 8 Extreme Legends, my only question is, if you can make that, why the hell do you not make 1 complete game where you can do both story and empire and make your own character? (I suspect cash grab has something to do with it.)-OVERPRICED DLCthat is an understatement. I am not a person who is very bothered by DLC, assuming they add value to the game and for a decent price, like how Paradox Interactive does their DLC. But in the case of DW8 Empires the DLC first of all doesn't add that much, some pieces of clothing, maybe a voice line, some clothing from older DW games (so they already had those, already got money from those but still release it as paid DLC). That is it. Want 4 new old costumes from DW7? Well 12 euro please.Solution is of course not to buy the DLC, which is what I am doing. I just want to mention this in a naive attempt to get Koei to lower the price of those tiny DLC packs, even 3 euros would be expensive, let alone 12.-Other people’s self-made heroes…sadly the average character made by other people deals with sexual references, and/or makes fun of important religious figures, insulting millions, if not billions of people on this planet in a reckless disregard of humanity. I guess there is no limit on how low gamers can drop sometimes, reminds me of the YouTube comment sectionI am rather neutral about the music, some soundtracks I like, others less so, most aren't particularly memorable. Often I simply turn it off and start a playlist via my favourite music player with more authentic east Asian music.I greatly enjoy the game, I think it has been worth the investment of 50 euros in its current - vanilla/DLC-less state.I recommend a buy if you want a hack 'n slash game with some tactics and strategy elements to compliment your mindless slaughter, also recommend if you like the ability to make your own characters and have them appear on the map, be that with or against you. And as you can see in the spoiler section under negative aspects of the game, the negative parts can almost all be negated and/or ignored. Overall 7 out of 10If you want to have a story or dislike strategy, china and/or hack ‘n slash then DON’T buy. But if you don’t like hack ‘n slash you shouldn’t be here reading this review (thanks for reading though)."
,Not Recommended,322520,22312507,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Artoria Ochinchin Daisuki,"I saw a legion of bad reviews of this game saying it had many issues with crashes. I also saw a lot of reviews talking about how the game is not fun, graphically looks abysmal and is a faliure compared to past empire games.I foolishly didn't listen to those reviews and instead chose to buy the game and give it a go.Simply put, don't listen to the little voice in the back of your head telling you to buy it. Do not give into the curiousity. Do yourself a favour and buy either a past title of DW8E or buy the new Samurai Warriors 4 Empires on the PS4. And if you really, really, REALLY want to try this game? Then rent the PS4 version and give it a try for yourself. But stay far away from this version. I'm sorry but refunds or not, it just isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,322520,16736084,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,illage2,"Disgraceful port.  Nortmally I'd do a full proper review but.... damn this game is a really bad port.   Runs okay, but doesn't have proper controller support, a♥♥♥♥♥♥options menu, and no controler input buttons on the menus.I'll keep hold of the game because I like Dynasrty Warriors, and unlike Arkham knight seems to run just fine for me, so its not like the game is unplayable.Advice to the developers.  Make the game recognise a controller from the get go."
,Recommended,322520,14719073,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Squirrel,This is my review on this game:-Its like crack man. You know its bad but you just CANT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stop playing.15/10 would crack again.
76561198116242640,Recommended,322520,25005607,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Sergeant Alpha,If you can get it on sale buy it if not dont
76561198069933238,Recommended,322520,29975814,Posted: 16 February,all,Compass Rose,"I find this game to be very entertaining. While I am disappointed with the lack of an english dub like the main series games, the Empires spinoffs have enough entertainment value in their own right. For fans of the Dynasty Warriors franchise, this is a worthy purchase."
,Recommended,322520,16286822,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,NukaPooka,"Love Love this game.Now im not a veteran in the whole actualy series. i have only played 7 and 8.Though for a new person who has basically just started with DW franchise, i know for a fact that ill be looking out for the games i have missed.Dynasty Warriors 8 Empires, had a whole new face. Personally i love it. Makes you feel like your actually involved in the war making and you could either take over everything or just hudle up in your own little corner and ope nobody kills you.I love the edit mode, i can make my own characters and actually play them. To be honest thats the funnest part of the whole game.I do recommend all players, old and new to try this game out.I originally have DW7 on ps3, Have DW8E on PC. Not much diffrent in graphics, personally i dont see the point. i look at whats fun and not how a game looks. For those who are bashing about PC please dont. Its a lovely game for PC.Controler compatible. Works wonders. its alot better than using keys. I use a Ps3 controller, stil works fine."
76561198068762807,Recommended,322520,29885244,Posted: 12 February,all,Gatsumon,"Honestly, for me it's only a Dynasty Warriors game on the surface, as far as characters go (mechnics-wise, it's still obviously a Warriors game). The CAW section is massive. You are able to make officers (with a massive range of options for armor/weapon/voice/etc.), warhorses, common grunts, banners, units (mini-kingdoms pretty much) and even scenarios. You are also able to upload and download creations. One of the first maps I ever downloaded and played was one where the maker had a 4 faction fantasy map (Humans, Elves, Dwarves, and Demons), and every character in each faction was a unique created character. After a massive downloading and unit making spree, I made a map where every territory had it's own faction, with a ruler and three officers each.All of this is overshadowed by one major option when starting a new campaign. ""No common officer"". Being able to make it so that the only characters are custom characters and famous officers is just amazing."
76561197967314224,Not Recommended,322520,16519807,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Aquel,"Don't buy this, it's been botched by koei so badly that it makes you cry. Instead buy Dynasty Warriors 8 Xtreme Legends.P.S. Thanks steam for the refunding option, I refunded this and bought DW8 Xtreme Legends"
76561198067082446,Not Recommended,322520,17255438,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Wolf,"Not what I was hoping for in the slightest. If you are a fan of older Dynasty Warriors this isn't the game for you. You can't even use your mouse to play this game I mean seriously. Really big disappointment. Game feels bad too, not smooth at all. I didn't think they could of gotten worse dialogue from the 3rd one but it did."
,Recommended,322520,33770498,Posted: 24 July,all,ClydeTheFancyOwl,"I've probably put in atleast 50+hrs into this offline.Amazing game.Terrible port.Have a controller AND this game is on sale? Buy it, it will give you hours of fun.You don't even need DLC really, the amount of content is already insane."
,Recommended,322520,16546617,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,†‡.Aria.‡†,"If you like DW, Romance of Three Kingdoms Series, shortly Koei this is a good game. If you not well better not buy it :)P.s.: Koei returning back to PC slowly so at beginning they have problems, they see them, and fix them at next genre. Koei always doing same thing. But in the end they fix most of problems in due (long) time. I'm bet upcoming games of Koei's get mostly positive previews (we will see the slow improvement at Nobunaga's Ambition 30th Year Anniversary game soon enough :) )"
,Recommended,322520,23908351,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Darkshield,I joined a kingdom then invaded all these places for my boss then I stabbed him in the back and took all of it from him.Yeah its a pretty good game.
76561198122592260,Recommended,322520,16449163,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slim Shady,"I Apologize for my grammar because this is will be my first review.Dynasty Warrior 8 EmpiresWell if you love the original dynasty i'm sure you'll love this too , What can i sayThe ability to edit your own empires.character,troops,banner,and even your own Scenario is great and get readyfor hours of editing because the addiction on this game is in The Edit Mode itself."
,Not Recommended,322520,22495599,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Taebrythn,compared to the other empire type games Dynasty Warriors has this one felt really lacking on. i've played a few on consoles and i really enjoyed those. this one felt just too limited. not to mention i wished you had an option to turn off the custom toons. they just start to infest you providences and i dunno know you get sick of seeing them after a bit.now the game isn't horrible either. if i could do a neutral tick then i would of. this one is better on sale or in a bundle not full price.
76561198138950706,Not Recommended,322520,29956744,Posted: 15 February,all,Sepher430,I expected better from DW8 empires. I grew up playing and following the franchise. The game has great graphics and the scenes are very well detailed. The biggest problem I have with the game is that it is not co-op as mentioned. Every time i tried with a friend it always froze at the end and we can never progress. The one thing I always loved about DW was that we can play with friends and it sucks that we can't do that. I've tried with two different keyboards as well as spent hours configuring remotes but still no use in getting it to work. I love the DW franchise but i'm hesitant to buy anymore games if this isn't fixed.
,Recommended,322520,25538326,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PeppercornSteak,"Of course the primary allure is the hero-maker, that oh so rare 'character customization' tag. You want to make a fictional warlord with a voice deeper than Davy Jones' Locker and with a totally accurate Chinese name covered with black and gold body armor and wielding a sword the size of a door-frame to claw, hack and betray his way up his kingdom's ranks? You can do it. I named mine Ho-Quan Shi and he's awesome. You want to create some midget lady with a giant's cat head wearing a loincloth that taunts her enemies with the 'alluring' voice set and carries a bloody mega-drill three times her size into battle? You can do that too. Her name was Hee Ho. I don't know where she came from or why she appeared in my game with 50+ painstakingly accurate heroes but suddenly Lu Bu was calling a furry drill midgetess to help him out and Ho-Quan Shi lost the battle and got his head cut off.102/10, would have Chinese god of war make comeback from defeat with 4 foot tall Meow Cat"
,Not Recommended,322520,25703966,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,AvenDoram,I love Dynasty Warriors. But these controls make the game unplayable. It's probably better to buy a PS3 and get Dynasty Warriors 8 empires there if you really need it. (And yes I tinkered with the controls in the options and they still have too many issues that shouldn't be ignored.) PC masterrace? Obviously Dynasty Warriors is best on console as this one shows.
76561198303550890,Recommended,322520,23554380,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,RandomAnimeDude,Another great addition for the series. Though I feel like it's still missing a few things it's an overall great buy if you're looking for something to take up some free time.
,Recommended,322520,16631741,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Alkaphenhl,"Some reviews are bad, some are good, but thats depending on the type of player.The good thing about this game is, you're able to create your own character, kick♥♥♥♥♥with him/her. Be a single independant unit (vagabond), enlist to serve a current kingdom, or be a ruler yourself, which pretty much puts you in the seat of.. 'What are you going to do? make peace? command and conquer?' Has a karma system in it too, which I thought was pretty good.The worst things about this game that I can think of at the top of my headThere is no autosave, probibly as previous reviews have probibly mentionedThere are missing slots in this game where music from previous generations of Dynasty should be. Sure, you can make effort to unlock one or two, or splash out cash for dlc bgm packs. Thats up to you.Overall, if you feel like becoming the one force to produce mass genocide of probibly maybe 1,000 kills per battle, then this game is for you! And so many weapons to choose from.I would definately recommend this game!"
76561198167561917,Recommended,322520,29825645,Posted: 10 February,all,boredminiejamie,"this game is lots of fun if you like openworlds. i like the other dynasty warriors games but i think this is my favourite out of the series. you can create your own characters, befriend other officers, create your own kingdom, serve a kingdom, get married and have kids, interact with other officers. each voice option gives your character you create a different personality. there are lots of weapon options. lol never mind the bit about the xbox controller not working, it works just the buttons were a bit different then im used to. i wish there was more cut scenes though and better armor. overall it is a great game and i would highly recommend it :)"
,Not Recommended,322520,30273285,Posted: 1 March,all,Moogle,"Tablet gamer presents, another playable game on a tablet!One of the classic hack and slash games in history that myself have personally grew up with.The goods:- Playable on a Surface Pro 4 (Musou/skills graphics and effects are blurred to compensate the resources demand)- Customisation mode with not only character customisations, but also banners, animal mount/companions, your pawns etc with a wide range of selection to choose from.- Marriage and kids :D (Though the kids grow up to adult age in just a few game months O.o)- Be a Cao Cao the dictator, Liu Bei the benevolent, Sima Yi the traitor or Sun Qian the I-never-really-paid-attention-to as a ruler of your lands using any characters of your choice, alternatively play as a massive suck up and get promoted from being a pawn (Lieutenant they say) with the title system. (Let everyone remember who you were for generations to come with the God of War title!)The meh:- Replayability... that comes with a catch! (Things get really repetitive over time)- Chaos mode is quite fun, though not very chaotic for a DW Veteran, otherwise hard and below are simply too easy for me. Though ultimate mode is a challenge, loved it.- Cutscenes have different lines depending on your character/their voice tones, though cutscenes remain the same- Local Co-Op (A function since forever ago on consoles, though keyboard controls are awkward)The bad:- Where's the death they promised me :( Why do generals flee or receive heavy injuries but can't kill them off unless I capture them, I wouldn't mind slaying Lu Bu a couple of times- Stages are pretty similar to one another (Maps)- Limited amount of strategies in the field- 1 action per turn (I doubt your government only pass 1 act per month, let alone an absolute monarchy system)- The gameplay mechanic hasn't changed by much since when it first came out- Thus doesn't seem to worth the price tag unless it's on 50% off, and defs not worth selling separately from the Xtreme Legends editionOverall the bad seems to outweight the good. I have been loyal to this game since playing DW2 when I was a kid. However it's starting to get to the point that it's no longer worth the bucks for the bang, would definitely hope DW9 is as good as TK advertised on Dec 2016."
,Recommended,322520,30421706,Posted: 9 March,all,Sladze,Made a fat chinese man named Mao Zedong and proceeded to genocide chinese peasantsbest game
,Recommended,322520,17960385,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Crabbo,"Why is there no English voice overs? Like serious cost cutting here then you go and throw loads of DLC for the game in my face as well. Not cool.I love the Empires series of Dynasty Warriors games but this one left me a little disappointed. I played through the game and unified China. Then it all got repetitive real quick. The addition of creating your own characters is good but I could only get as far as feeling a lot of the game was not much different from previous outings. At this point Dynasty Warriors 9 should look to do away with these sub games and if they have to, sell the empires addition as DLC to the main game. That way something grander can be built up and you can keep the players in this world.DLC needs to be done right and Koei have a chance of doing it right with another Dynasty Warriors game."
76561198037278613,Not Recommended,322520,16141215,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,kamikazee786,"Terrible game, i'd reccomened everyone go and play the ROTK series if your'e looking for strategy, this is exactly the same as dynasty warriors 8 witha few customization features thrown in and no way worth the ridiculous price tag !"
76561198138229716,Recommended,322520,24457572,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Oni,"I love how historically accurate this game is! The character descriptions and storyline events are well designed, and the Ruler system is addicting for many hours of gameplay. The fact that you can choose and change your role in the game at any time gives you intense freedom in the game. There are only two things I didn't like about it, I don't like the difficulty settings. It seems like every setting is too easy, but when you set it on Chaos it seems like the difficulty skyrockets... the point is the difficulty is off-beat. Hard is just as easy as normal, killing generals in a few hits, but just one notch up- the generals take about 100 hits to kill and can kill you in one hit- kind of ridiculous. Plus, there could be more basic combos. Other than that, I love the weapon system and the customization, the fact that you can create your own map, a vast army and clan of your own from scratch, and have family and children are very unique to this game."
,Recommended,322520,22351799,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sef,"Now, I've played every Dynasty Warriors game starting from 2 all the way through this one. My repetoire includes all the various expansions as well. For better or for worse, it has been an enlightening experience that allowed to truly explore my preference in gaming and the unshakeable urge to follow a series, even one with a poor reputation. I love the Dynasty Warriors franchise, and it will always hold a place in my heart, This game is no different,That being said, this may be the first in the series that I have actually felt bored with. At this point, the whole schtick of putting 300 men on screen at the expense of poorly rendered models has gotten to me. Furthermore, as a game purported to be a strategy spin-off of an otherwise linear beat-em-up, Dynasty Warriors 8 fails to deliver any truly intuitive gameplay decisions.The biggest issue would probably be the extreme repetition. Empires offers more ""options"" for a player to take than any of the previous entries. Subjugation, secession, betrayal OUTSIDE of battle maps, etc. However, aside from the occasional kick I get out of being a massive clod and betraying my current empire, there's little here that actully feels like it actually varies the gameplay. Oncey ou've settled into a new empire (or started your own), the formula is as follows1. Quest in order to make a friend or three2. Invade3. Marry [insert husbando or waifu here]4. invade5. defend (maybe??)6. rank up to marshall or strategist7. invade8. rank up to leader9. invade10. repeat step 9 until you have a frothy mixtureThe additional things you can, such as subjugate vagabond units or make alliances that barely matter, offer a chance to break the tedium a little bit, but they result is always the same.Obviously, being a Dynasty Warriors fanboy, there are positives I could name. Interaction with fellow officers is always neat, something I love about these games. Creating your own self-insert is always entertaining. The visible sign of progress, displayed through the contiguous blob of a single color on the campaign map, is definitely keeps the player at least marginally interested in pushing its boundaries a little further. There are some others I could name, but in all honest they're just my own pandering towards the franchise.Recently, KOEI released Nobunaga's Ambition: Sphere of Influence. It's a decent attempt at grand strategy, and I think KOEI would benefit from taking a few elements from it and incorporating it into this game. Were they to truly expand upon the actual strategic and light role-playing aspects of the Empires spin-offs, they would have a real winner. Find a way to break the battle tedium by having more scripted events, both in and out of the battlefield, and do away with the whole ""capture bases until something good happens"" streak.I don't want to stray away from how I truly feel about this game. I enjoy it just as I have previous Dynasty Warriors games and I'm sure I will find continued motivation to come back to it and conquer the Han again. However, I think Empires offers me a good chance to be truly vocal about the actual state of these games. If KOEI were to expand upon the strategic points of the game while making battles actually feel worthwhile, it could be a serious winner. All they need to do is make a fresh start.Also what's with the DLC prices? That♥♥♥♥♥♥s wack.Post-Script: A few other things, mainly just specific little details that I hope KOEI looks into in the future.x. Make officers more autonomous. Officers, particularly prefects and up, should be making more changes and doing more things on the campaign map. Limitations and the lack of many options on the map prevent this. However, having a force of 30 officers, but only about one or two of them doing something between each war council is a little annoying.x. Expand the concept of strategems. Strategems could increase the diversity of battles significantly. New things like ambushes, setting fire to bases, and other ""large-scale"" motions would be a significant boon. Perhaps find a way to wrap this into the campaign map.x. Expand upon the concepts of intrigue and subversion. It would be FANTATSIC to be a massive♥♥♥♥♥and plot your way to the demise of your enemies. Assassinations, bribes to switch allegiances and create discord, and fabrication of claims would greatly expand the depth."
,Not Recommended,322520,21948113,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Wz,"First off I want to make it clear that this review is targeted to people who have not generally played Dynasty Warriors in the past. If you are a returning fan of the series this review will mostly be irrelevant to you.This game is simply not finished yet. It is a blatant console port with terrible pc controls and there is no tutorial that I can find. The game simply just dumps you into a campaign and you have to make heads or tails of the situation yourself from the beginning.There doesn't seem to be a way to check or change keybinds in the middle of a battle, the mechanics of items and building are not explained at all, and supposedly if I equip the item for a horse I should start with a horse but that never happens.The camera is god awful and there doesn't seem to be any way to make it simply follow over your shoulder. Instead I had to resort to manually adjusting it all the time which is a huge pain. I could be wrong and there might be a way to easily set the camera just like with a number of things I mention in this review but the total lack of a tutorial or help or support just makes it impossible to find.This game also happens to be extremely glitchy, just not in the usual way. In battle it performs fairly well and while the graphics leave a lot to be desired it is at least fluid and decently responsive. However, this game has a lot of random fatal issues. It has crashed or froze and needed to be terminated three times in the few hours I've played it all in different situations.Further I cannot seem to save in this game and I have no idea why. A quick online search shows a post in these forums asking the same question with no responses indicating a lack of customer support and/or forum help. The company in general seems to not have an English language department and communication is terrible.Pros:Battle sequences are decent if too easy.Lots of characters.Cons:No tutorial/help.Built for console, terribly ported.Camera is inexcusably bad.Graphics are pretty bad.Tons of crashes and bugs.English language side of things seems to be deserted.All in all, if you're a fan of this series you probably have more general knowledge about it and could enjoy it. However for people just now getting into this series, it is a complete disaster. I wouldn't recommend it to you even if it was free."
,Not Recommended,322520,30439572,Posted: 10 March,all,SocietyBurdenChae,"There are a few things that made me refund this game.1) the control scheme is♥♥♥♥♥ well, the default one. too bad trying to change the options with a controller plugged in would disallow me from changing any controls2) it won't let me set my resolution to my monitor's, which is 1440x900. There is no way I could find to set it to this resolution, and locking me out of it was annoying. Playing at 1280x720 looked pretty distorted.3) the port shows keyboard controls on everything, even if you're using a controller. you're constantly being shown irrelevant keys all over the place, which is annoying solely because the graphics are huge for them. hey look, a huge enter key above my horse."
76561198030980450,Recommended,322520,24735270,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tallestdavid,controllers wont work well! but if you use a key board then its a great game to empires lovers.
,Recommended,322520,16814695,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Tomppelisusi,Didn't get enough of beating millions of peasants yet?WELL THERE YOU GO.
76561198170449710,Not Recommended,322520,29958496,Posted: 16 February,all,Ready for Clutch,"shouldve just been an add on to the xtreme complete edition, ur literally just paying for the ability to start empires, everything else is ported over."
,Not Recommended,322520,25701623,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Eselred,"Terrible PC port.  For example, all of the button prompts in the game display the keyboard shortcut, even when using a controller.  Pretty much unplayable like this.It is a bad joke how expensive this game is, even when on sale, considering the shoddy quality of the port.  Highly recommend AVOIDING this title on the PC."
,Not Recommended,322520,15895379,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,AfroZenPizza,"This game is a $50 beta. It lacks any polish.If you want a good game start working your way back through the series. I loved 6 Empires, and have many many hours on it on 360, but this is just not the same. After acquiring officers you can't have a second player join in all types of battles, there are many solo missions.To think that KOEI has the gull to ask you to purchase DLC for this unfinished excuse for a equal in a great series is gut-wrenching at best.I bought this game to play with a friend locally. After spending a little time customizing characters, and going though the many options now available in edit mode, and getting the characters made, I was sorely disappointed after finding the character in the game and not being able to play co-op in the first battle I chose, and then being stuck trying to figure out why there was no way to get the second player to join the game because I had chosen raise flag as a third battle.Most game series I tend to leave with Japanese audio, but DW has been a game I choose to leave English on. There are times you need to focus on your battle and don't have time to look at the subtitles. If I would have read closer I would have understood that this game does not have English as an option at all.To sum it up, this game is a waste of money. If you own any previous Empires game, you're already in possession of a better, more complete game.DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP. DON'T DO IT. ITS AS BAD AS OTHERS SAY."
76561198039537352,Not Recommended,322520,14965760,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Guess5050,"If you care about quality of future games, it's best you hold off from buying this game until a sale.Currently: they ask you to pay PS4 price for a good which only offers PS3 assets.You might think they are only doing this because they are new to PC platform. Do they need more time to learn the ropes? Well, they already made DW8 so it's not their first time. And in a few weeks time, the publisher will release another game which again asks for PS4 price but the same level of quality. To me, they had enough time to get the training done.It seems the publisher, Koei, likes to gimp quality on PC ports for no other reasons than to keep console versions exclusive. They intentionally downgraded the graphics from the PS4 version.But they still want you to pay the same price as those console ""exclusive versions"".Such behaviour doesn't deserve pc gamers to reward them with financial support. If you can hold out then buy it when it goes on sale so that they don't get that extra monetary benefits.Some may worry that they may stop bringing future ports if we stop supporting their subpar port. I don't think so. They chose to come here because they understand there's profit to be made. The real question is do we want them to make a profit by offering sub-standard service or service level found behind those console versions.I brought this game so I can bring this message. I suspect many positive reviews are done by fanboys. I hope this review will balance the scale of the game's rating to a more accurate rating."
,Recommended,322520,14676722,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Azarius Ryan,"Well been playing since the game is pretty much several hours before 27th of February. Well as how I saw the released DW8XL, well it's basically the Empires version of that same game engine. To be honest, I've been itching to play a Empires version of Dynasty Warriors since long time ago, only experienced the Dynasty Warriors 5 Empires on PS2 only.This game is what I've imagined it to be like, the newest character roster, weapons, maps, or whatever, but in Empires mode, with the goodness of a robust Edit Mode that had been ever existed since in this series(DW8 was the newest of course lol). So it's pretty much awesome enough even if without those DLCs unless you are big fans, then don't really have to bother with those cosmetic DLCs lol.I've played it in a casual mannered way and it's actually fun, I've spent longest time for now on the Edit mode to create some characters but then this game is 'EVIL' cause they even let you to build your 'OWN' ARMY which is like a whole list of CAW characters to be your Officers and even change your soldier and mount is amazing enough though it's just simple. I'll need more time to fill those Edit list filled with my ideal characters soon.The gameplay well, it's the same Dynasty Warriors duh, and it's just awesome mowing down enemies like you're a god in Normal Mode, heck even the Affinity system disadvantage/advantage will not help much on letting them survive from you lol. I've originally started out as a Ruler but then I got overwhelmed by alot of things, so eventually I decided to go out as a Free Officer, which is I think much beginner friendly and realistic alike, So I've joined a random Nation nearby and kicking♥♥♥♥♥♥ Eventually randomly got confessed by the Nation Ruler by accident,married and ♥♥♥♥, and even got a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fugly side character asking me to be sworn brothers, lol what.Graphics are just.....well its nicer looking than PS3 maybe, but sadly it's not Next Gen lookalike,but I think it's fine since Next Gen resolution stuff might have some porting issues, like those new games released recently like Assasins Creed and stuff, so 720p or not who the hell cares, the game does work fine if I set it on medium, and 1080 resolution, No bugs encountered that will break the game at all. It's all fun ol' Dynasty Warriors.There's a Free mode I haven't try out but I guess it's just a simple make your single match mode, pretty much, The only thing is maybe if this game is priced lower abit, more people might get into the PC version much. The game is in whole package a solid game experience.9.986567257574844635435758684563/10 would replay in Chaos mode when I mastered it."
76561198006288599,Not Recommended,322520,19359463,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chiropraptor,"Koei. Come on. I've always enjoyed the DW franchise. I'm not buying another game until you start doing English dubs again, and MAKE IT FULLY CONTROLLER COMPATIBLE. I'm not going to tell you again or I'm turning this car around. The graphics are fine. That's all I have to say about this hot pile of garbage. This is going to be 2 middle fingers out of 10."
76561198137880181,Not Recommended,322520,32116711,Posted: 1 June,all,Sniper Wolf,"GREAT game, HORRIBLE port. Prone to crashing unexpectedly both in game and even the main menu. Save yourself the grief and pick up the console version instead."
,Not Recommended,322520,21103345,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Swatticus,"I see so much potential in this game but yet it lacks in the graphics and the controls. Please fix this Koei, I refunded the game cause it has no mouse support and the graphics are just horrendous"
,Not Recommended,322520,14687671,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[K.eX] Lithran,"Yes, I've spent a short period of time with the game. But there are a couple of  importiant issues that need to be addressed.1) Keyboard prompts with a controller plugged{LINK REMOVED}in....WHAT?!2) Buggy behaviour when ALT+Tabbing out. At least for me anyway (See my screenshot for details)I know it's not much a review at the moment, but I'll update it as I play and find bugs/apply patches.In short: WAIT. You'll be doing yourself a favour."
76561198205313456,Recommended,322520,25742882,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,[Weed] TeaPea,"You can put the cat on your head, 10/10 recommend this game :D"
,Not Recommended,322520,21413000,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ManchuFox,"Dynasty Warriors has always been one of my favourite game series. DW6:Empires is probably the game I've logged more hours on than any other I've ever played. I love everything from the format to the hilarious pronunciations of Chinese names in the early games. Zhou Tai is as always my prefered character (even in DW6 when they replaced his iconic sword with a generic, spikey blade) and I love turning the reclusive, rough voiced pirate into a feared warlord in a comical, over the top Three Kingdoms period. That is why the Empires series is such a good concept for DW and always has been since 4. Alas, once again Koei insists on ruining it with a dumbed down, blatant cash grabbing scheme. The PC ports of both this title and XL are pathetic, direct PS3 versions of the game. I had believed that Koei had intended to bring in new fans from the West and to revitalise western interest in the series and allow them to take the risk of expensive voice acting and an improved vigour in developing future titles. Instead, it is clear to me that porting the game to the PC was just a way of pulling in more revenue without a single regard for old fans or those trying for the first time. The presence of over £135 of DLC is a plain insult to customers (£15 for some costumes, sod off Koei) and the original asking price was far exceeding even those of AAA games on release. I am chosing to no longer buy Koei games for the foreseeable future.As for the gameplay, there are some brilliant new features this time around. The customisation that, lets face it, we've all wanted since the beginning is finally available. Extensive and fun character creation as well as the ablity to design your own troops, warhorses and flags is a blast despite lacking in content and overall features. No more purple clad soldiers fighting rag-tag amalgamations of Wu, Wei, Shu, Jin, Yuan and Lu Bu troops! Alongside these features, the scenario creator finally allows us to create the kingdoms we want and play out interesting new historical scenarios. The ability to have children has also finally been introduced, however the resulting offspring often never looks like their parents and is always attired in a really silly collection of edit pieces and look quite ridiculous. This is though, where the good ends. The campaign is only interesting for a few hours with very few events and boring cutscenes colouring your playthough. The system introduced in 7 to allow your character to develop a personality has been watered down and is fairly pointless. The ruler system featues also only consist of a select few options such as getting on good terms with officers and levying taxes or being philanthropic. It has lost its flair and the 'throne room' sequences get very boring, very fast. The implimentation of 'stealth' missions also betrays Koei's blatant disregard for fun and essentially boil down to avoiding a watchman with a torch and murdering an officer (permadeath is always a good thing and I'm glad it has finally been properly implimented in an Empires game but the system is only part of 'stealth' missions and no of big battles), repeat the same mission over and over again until you assassinate the ruler.I could go on and on should I like to, but I shan't. To conclude, I am very disappointed and frankly insulted by Koei from this game and I would only recommend it to fellow diehard fans of DW and to buy it on PS4 (if you have one). I see this game as the arbiter to the downfall of a once great developer and beloved video game series. I hope in the future it can be revived, but for now the seires has died.  What a shame."
,Recommended,322520,14695773,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[ Rizno . 雨 ],"Dynasty Warriors 8: Empiresis a 'good enough, I guess' PC port despite the biggest downfall once again being... no online multiplayer! But there are still online functions available such as the ability download and upload custom created officers. The graphical quality is great, more so on the character models themselves than the environments, but could still have been improved vastly if the PC version was given some more care. (Maybe a future HD texture pack, Koei?)There isn't much of a story to be had in this iteration of Dynasty Warriors 8, but instead you more or less craft your own in the Empire mode. You'll be making many choices that have various beneficial or disadvantageous outcomes and that will also lead your character down the path of good or evil themselves. (Think Liu Bei or Lu Bu) You don't however need to be the leader of an empire, you can instead serve under another and get promoted in rank (thus make more choices each turn) as time goes by. The choice is still there to betray or secede your current ruler though.If you're a big fan of the Dynasty Warriors series, then you can expect hours upon hours of content to get through. The maximum amount of turns allowed per new Empires session is 600 - giving you plenty of time to unite China under one rule. The addition of 'stratagems' and the marriage/children system also gives more purpose to the game than from previous titles - as everything from the past Empires iterations has been improved upon here, including the custom character creation which provides a huge amount of customisation options.My biggest gripe was in fact the price of the game, at least in my region. £40 translates to paying more for the PC version (which has no online multiplayer) than the console versions which basically includes more content because of this. However, I decided to buy Empires regardless because I knew I could personally still get many hours of value from it. Though, being the owner of a past Dynasty Warriors 8 title on Steam, I was expecting at least some form of a discount due to the high base price for this title.Highly recommended to past Dynasty Warriors fans as DW8 itself was one of the best titles in the series yet. As for people new to the series - I would recommend you go back a step and play the original DW8 title first. Empires expands upon this version and takes it almost in an entirely new direction, as have done all the past Empires versions.It's time to pursue Lu Bu, once more..."
76561198097821605,Not Recommended,322520,19377665,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Vahtos,To sum this game up in one word: atrocious.I played the old dynasty warrior games and they haven't really changed since 3. Same hack and slash. The graphics (at least on this shoddy port to PC) look like PS2 graphics when on max settings. The game is very buggy and clunky. The controls took me an hour to set up in any way condusive to being able to play the game. The original price being $50 is just insulting considering how bad this game is.Do better.
,Recommended,322520,14754033,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Lordpixels,Great game. It Just needs eng dubs.
,Recommended,322520,14915612,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Taylor Swift,"WARNING: the edit mode is incredibly irritating for people who aren't used to using it on console. Even though you are on PC, when enterting names you cannot type them out you have to select the letters... by using the arrow keys. No mouse control at all. Just a warning.Otherwise it should be fine. The new interface takes a little to get used to as I put over 200 hours in DW8XL"
76561198015611457,Not Recommended,322520,16539389,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tegin_R,"It has been a long time since I bought a game that I didn't enjoy playing. This would be the one. I took my PC compatible game pad and went to program it into the game settings mode and found that it only allows you to program four directions, the same as the keyboard controls. I realized that I had been taken to the cleaners. It makes the game nearly unplayable since you have to run in a constant zig zag pattern to be able to hit anything. No accuracy what-so-ever. It makes the game pad as useless as the keyboard. They didn't even try to set up game pad controls for the PC. It is simply a horrible port from console. Probably be the last time I by a dynasty warriors game. I've been playing them since their inception. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, console to PC port. It is all due to the combat controls. The rest of the game would be fine otherwise. BUYER BEWARE... don't say I didn't warn you."
,Recommended,322520,21981287,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Doge-Spielen,"At least this game has better graphic options than SW4-II for some reason.I'd say:Gameplay : 8/10Graphics : 7/10Anything else that's not relevant : 10/10I still wonder, who the heck brings a bench to a war?"
,Not Recommended,322520,16486425,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mecha-K9,"It's easier to describe with PRO - CONPROS- Nice visuals- extensive personalization- Great campaign mode- A lot of weapons and exciting combatCONS- lots Bugs that require you to restart the game to progress.- unexpected crashes- no autosave- Controller compatible, but no native support- extremely short, and not much new from previous installments."
76561198028937224,Recommended,322520,16497612,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DokdoIsKorean,I cried for hours when I figured out I could make my dream character of a huge dude riding a tiny horse.
76561198014099639,Not Recommended,322520,30378737,Posted: 7 March,all,Lazy Mustard,"I love this game. I hate that we can't get decent controller support for it or any other ""Dynasty"" type games.  I also hate that other games published by this company have shown that it knows how to do this thing, but stedfastly refuses to do it in a game that is based almost completely on controller support.  Until Koei can fix this issue so that it works ""out of the box"" so to speak (as oppsed to me having to finagle something with steams built in configurations), I have difficulty recommending this game or any other related to this style of game on any platform other then console."
,Recommended,322520,14756023,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Shinpachi: $ echo 'Gin-sann!!',"Why so serious with dlc? Just enjoy how you unite the land!PROS:You will have fun smashing your x and y button on your xb360 controller (for sure, you HAVE to readjust them first.)CONS:If it is not a custom officer or playable officer, you will see the same and same face with various voice of common officer (hey, you should have known this if you are old player of this game. HAHA :) )"
76561198083756502,Recommended,322520,29263368,Posted: 14 January,all,JoBoi88,"No English dub, but not a problem.  I haven't enjoyed a DW Empires game truly since the first one (DW4E).  This was refreshing with pretty cool additions."
76561198080639417,Recommended,322520,14747170,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,raeef-fu,thank you for bringing the game to pc
,Recommended,322520,25763259,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[Weed] Shelshocker,The most enjoyable and addicted game i ever play since the last i play in dynasty warrior 5 empires... and warrior orochi 2 ^-^many new stuff and new officer...new features... hmm....the most important thing is...it just awesome xP
,Recommended,322520,25838159,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,sir swordinface,"I always thought to myself ""boy i wish dynasty warriors would do some sort of ""conquer the world"" kind of game"" well, here we are, they did that very thing, and it really didnt disapoint, ive completed the games scenario's many times, but it never gets old, so many characters to play as, so many different relationships to form (although those arn't that good, its like two lines or so every so often) and an entire country to conquer, and whats more is that you can be the leader now, and you dont even have to play as a leader character (like Cao Cao) you can make any character you want to play as the leader, if only you know how to do so. wanna start your own faction? pick a character whose a free officer (or betray your characters current lord) build up your forces, recruit plenty of officers (your going to need them) and raise your flag! if you succeed in taking the territory you rose up in, your faction is established, you can issue commands, assign different ranks to your officers (prefects (essentially dukes or barrons) first marshal, no idea what they do haha, and strategist, again no idea what that does) but that can be kinda hard to do, so if you want, you can join one of the existing factions if your not a member already, do good and you will rise through the ranks and become a prefect yourself, and your lord gives you your own province to manage, do even better and you can become his strategist (im saying his, as all the leaders are male realy) or first marshal, giving you more power then before (like being able to organise attacking provinces yourself) have fun out there! oh and two things, your going to find the keyboard controls a little bit.....weird, like really weird, its WASD to move, but JKLI to move the camera and GH to attack.....yeah and you cant command your forces with ""defend"" or ""attack"" orders during battle and it may be a little hard to figure out how to activate the card abilities. so maybe bring a controller if you have one, i personally have a ps3 controller, its very comfortable and easy to control the game with"
,Recommended,322520,33506158,Posted: 13 July,all,Xortdan Canavar,"Honestly I like the edit mode only in the DW : EMPIRES version , I hope for more set in the next DW 9 : EMPIRES, I mean ""free set"" lol"
76561197983699067,Not Recommended,322520,16664614,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,etherseraph,"Graphics are fuzzy and crap, despite offering to let you do 1080, it wont actually let you. the general gameplay is rather bland and flavorless. The only good thing is character customization. which, after you've made your character, you cant really do much with. I advise you just save your wallet the ding."
,Not Recommended,322520,17439212,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Jerieth,"Game is a buggy. It freezes if you accidentally tab out or do something to accidentally return to the desktop. Game also seems quite easy, even on harder difficulties.*Update* Now the game is starting to lag a lot, almost as if my character is running on slow motion. Doesn't matter what graphic levels I set."
,Not Recommended,322520,18696255,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Firebunny,"Truth be told I'd recommend piracy. This is the worst kind of port, and is only servicable to the most hardcore of fans, such as myself. It has bare minimums of support given to it, with only a handful of BGM, and only 6 scenarios. They charged full price for a game that is barely in a functional state: then charge 7-9 dollars for each of the 23 DLC packs they made for the game. None of the DLC is worth purchasing, yet the game might actually be valued at it's 50 dollar price tag had it just been included in the first place.Suffering from minimal soundtrack, a burdening quantity of excess DLC that is both overpriced, and seemingly cut from the original product, and lacking the refinement of US voice actors, or even complete, accurate translation, this game is not worth the asking price. I would only suggest purchasing it if you are a hardcore Dynasty Warrior fan, whom is purchasing the product out of support of the company, more so than to enjoy the game you purchased.For everyone else, there is piracy."
76561198052920594,Not Recommended,322520,22219303,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,dcrgallo,"WARNING, YOU CANNOT USE YOUR MOUSE TO PLAY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!It's absolutely absurd that they don't tell you this ANYWHERE before you buy the game!  Unless you want to play with the stupidest of keyboard setups I've ever seen, or have the gamepad to use a controller, don't waste your time.  The camera isn't a smart camera so you'll spend your entire time pressing 4 different buttons trying to just look at your opponent (who is lunging all over the place).   ALSO, it's buggy as all getup.  It's absolutely absurd that there are THIS many freeze bugs and this many posts about it but steam refuses to refund our money."
76561198008934428,Recommended,322520,14677525,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kittypower806,"If you like dynasty warriros but wish it had more depth in terms of stratgey and managemnt, then this game is for you. If you like dynasty warriors, this game is for you. Its really fantastic, I own it on the PS3 and purchased it on steam to play it on the go. Cant recomend it enough."
76561198120710146,Not Recommended,322520,29884279,Posted: 12 February,all,Traceon,"This is a really bad port, which is strange considering how good XL is.The graphics are terrible (I'm assuming it's been ported from PS3 version), it's locked at 30fps, (not sure if XL also is but it feels much smoother), Controls are completley counter-intuitive using an Xbox 360 remote/mouse and keyboard.Don't buy this game on PC it's a mess. If you're desperate  for some DW action on PC just go for Xtreme Legends it's a quality game, and a far superior port"
,Recommended,322520,14818511,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Xahk,"I downloaded a female Lu Bu, pursued her romantically, and died. 10/10"
76561198086805481,Not Recommended,322520,15015454,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Nuka-Raider,"Sadly I feel like it's a downgrade from DW7Empires when it comes to events, cutscenes, overall immersion of the empires genre.-Plus, it's a PS3 port and not a PS4 port-lack of real online coop.-Soldier and warhorse customizations are lacking and lame.-Too easy on any difficulty setting that isnt Chaos.-Graphics are noticeably outdated (But I can run this game 60fps so thats cool)-Waifu simulator; marriage system although the lack of multiple and different dialogue makes it just a one time thing-Alt+tab black screens the game on fullscreen, have to window mode so it doesnt crash (FIXED)-Most if not all the equipment of the character creation aren't even updated with new textures-Some Way of Life options aren't available even if your offspring has itDW8 Complete Edition has far more content than this game. it gets pretty boring fast. Not worth full price in my opinion.10/10 Started the game, went to Meng Huo's kingdom, convinced his wife to come with me, married her a few turns later, came back to overthrow Meng Huo with his wife."
,Recommended,322520,33078016,Posted: 1 July,all,StannisBaratheo,fUN
76561198017535944,Not Recommended,322520,29975964,Posted: 16 February,all,Birdperson,"By the end of the game, neither my character or the enemy officers would flinch when we hit each other. We'd just swing wildly until one of us ran out of health."
76561197970257583,Recommended,322520,15079565,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Neptune  Zero,Good enough for me to not worry about the console version.
76561198079597946,Not Recommended,322520,22885666,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,stealthweasle01,"I've played this game for 120 hours, but it only has about 25 hours before it becomes repetitive. Unless you go for all the titles and achivements you won't be playing for long.The controls for DW were made for PS and Xbox controllers, and i don't have one, so i can say that the defult keyboard layout isn't very good. (They did improve it from the PC port of DW8:Extreme Legends though)It's clear that they didn't care to make the PC port any good for a PC only player. The game has no mouse support, and they didn't even bother to remove the coding for the Play Station Network, they just disabled it. So its extra data you need to download.I personally didn't mind the below PS3 average graphics, But any decent gaming computer could have played highquality PS4 graphics better then the PS4 itself, so they need to allow that option.I've never played any other DW Empires game. (though i played this one's PS3 version) Again the game is repetitive, and it only has so many battle fields. Most of the titles revolve around being a free officer. i don't think they put anything cool into being a ruler. The campians are all really the same and free mode isn't that custimizable.I like the custom character maker, I'm sure i spent 10+ hours just building my friends characters from our D&D world. This is likely the only reason this game is replayable. I'm not one for spending hours customizing a characters face in games like Obivion or Skyrim, but this creater gives you options but not too many that your overwelmed.The best part about this creater is the armors, you can mix and match differnerd armors, helmet, boots, pants, and gloves and they have a lot of options. If they made a program to add armor mods this game would be way more popular. I also think their's no reason to max Custom Units at 10 Custom characters.It's not a bad game, they just need to optimize the game for PC rather then make it as an Xbox/PS port. Embrace the advantages of PC gaming. Better hardware, multiplayer internet battles, Mods, Etc. Maybe Dynasty warriors 9 or 10 will have good PC versions.Personal Recommendation: If you want to play it, Get it on sale. It IS NOT worth it's full price. Other then that it's good for at least 35 hours, And you get a Character creator."
,Recommended,322520,21948427,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,X8CY,"Bought this game because i thought it would be like 5 empires back on the ps2,HOLY HELL A GAME THAT WENT FORWARD IN DYNASTY WARRIORS AND WAS BETTER WHAT IS GOING ON,Diffrences are if you choose someone in the kingdom so the Yellow turbans and chose a officer from there you don't become leader of the Kingdom which is great!, i love this new edition and will play more!Only problem is the port which is a bit rusty8/10 (problem with the port) buyers beware"
,Not Recommended,322520,30330298,Posted: 4 March,all,Khaos (S'A),♥♥♥♥ you Koei. Learn how to make a game that allows actual use of controllers.
,Not Recommended,322520,15043266,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Mystplay,"It's a REALLY REALLY GOOD GAME! Best empires mode so far! Just ONE ""small"" problem:THE BUGS ARE RIDICULOUS IN THIS GAME. You'll get EVERY kind of bugs, such as voice acting bugs, dissappearing weapons bug, random/weird weapons bugs, and slow loading. If you can look past all that, great game."
,Not Recommended,322520,20101780,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,netwolfdt,"I thought that they only have Japanese audio would not be a big deal. I was wrong, Japanese in a Chinese setting completely distracts from the experience. Koei has really La$zy these days, they just make empty games with overpriced DLCs."
76561198043376902,Not Recommended,322520,16114975,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SoDoG,poor game experience....
76561198098565305,Recommended,322520,16005849,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,MoeChopper,"... was making different parallel universe for china, don't judge me"
,Recommended,322520,14686566,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,hzhang7,"Can you release Traditional sub? btw and i still dont know why they dont release all sub for one version. like other games, i can change my sub by change game propertyies"
76561198256446069,Recommended,322520,22006679,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Verth,"For those who love Dynasty Warrior, you should consider buying this one."
,Not Recommended,322520,20529698,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,BibsyBabsyBoo,"All six of the 4 and 5 games are some of my all time favourite games, and I really enjoyed 7. I tried to get into this but it's just so shallow and basic. You just go from battle to battle doing the same thing over and over again. The stuff between the battles is there to give depth and variety but it falls so flat. All audio is Japanese which makes it hard to keep up if you are in a particularly busy part of a battle. I don't mind Japanese audio but it's a real hindrance in a fast paced game like this.Only buy this if you still really really like Koei's warriors games. I used to but the gameplay is just too abismal for me to enjoy. Honestly I don't see how even big DW fans can like this. Trying to force myself to like and play this game is like trying to get blood from a stone. It's depressing."
76561198098589543,Recommended,322520,25811191,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Magic Stones,Im just about done making my first character look good.
76561198154305893,Recommended,322520,14754613,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,GyzVIII,One of the best game I've play in a while. Can't stop playing
76561198058032569,Not Recommended,322520,21958374,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,DeejayChristian,"IMPORTANT - this does not work with xbox one controllers. I have searched everywhere for a fix but for some odd reason everyone is fine and dandy except for people with Xbox one controllers.  I really wanted to like this game, ill just get it on my ps4. Pc gaming has failed me once again thanks to these wierd ports."
76561198257551269,Recommended,322520,22902147,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Tiny Tree,"Sure, I love playing this game, but it keeps crashing... if that wasn't the issue, this would be sooooo fun........"
,Not Recommended,322520,17176441,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Jack Reaver,Extremely buggy  with it's screens and the controls are pretty weird as well.
,Not Recommended,322520,20284800,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Caseysception,Please do not play this game and save yourselves the time. Have a good rest of your day! ENJOY!!!
,Not Recommended,322520,20458976,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The Bagel,Controller worked the first time I started the game and never again. WTF?
76561198122971649,Recommended,322520,18110292,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Keyblade Warrior,This may not be the best DW:Empires but it is still fun to create different characters and scenarios and mixing things up just to see what can happened.
76561198152737705,Recommended,322520,19135264,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,LDHull94,"I will make this as helpful as possible. It is fun, but there are a lot of problems with it.1. I went in and I never played a Dynasty Warriors game, only the Samurai Warriors games, which I like better.2. Go play DW8 before the Empires, you will not know any of the characters or factions.3. There is no story, which I did not expect. This is for people who love narritives in games.4. It is only in Japanese, which doesn't bother me. I have seen old Dynasty Warrior English, it might be better this way.5. There is no tutorial in the game. If you don't know how to play or order allies you need to look it up. In the forums or online tutorials.6. There is almost no sale for it, so you will purchase at full price as I did. (And I don't like to buy games full price.)Still I enjoyed it, and will probably install it again. But pretty much know this: If you did not play DW8, this might not be worth a purchase as a stand alone game."
76561198117864792,Recommended,322520,19227791,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,klix4477,"I've played a good couple of games from the Dynasty Warriors series over the years, and so far this has been a decent game from this series.  Graphics and gameplay are good.  There are some rendering issues, like appearing towers, but that could always be personal hardware limitations.  Downside is that there's no English dub, just subtitles which makes managing battles harder.  But outside of that and recycled cut scenes, it's an enjoyable hack and slash/strategy game."
,Recommended,322520,20314444,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FGB.Blindfire83,Really love this game havent played a dynasty warriors game in awhile but loved empires see alot of people say this game is terrible compared to previous empire titles I honestly couldnt say if it is or not but I really like it does get repetitive though. Im excited to try samurai warriors 4 empires when it comes out but will prolly wait to see if it gets a pc release sometime after its initial western release.I do recommend playing with a controller though.
76561198002518143,Recommended,322520,17703281,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Shui,"This game feels like it has even less content than its predecessor, DW7E. If you are a DW fan you will probably like it, otherwise I wouldn't really recommend it. The graphics are subpar for this port, and gameplay is the formulatic DW appraoch, with the addition of extra strategical elements. You can build facilities to enhance your cities while recruiting officers into your army and drafting troops, and going on quests to earn additional items. Since there is 1 map for each city, things get repetitive very quickly as you can end up fighting over the same city with another faction for a while.My biggest gripe with this game is the world completley revolves around your character. Don't want to join the invasion your army is about to do? Then they automatically lose! Go along and get KOed? Your entire army is routed, regardless of your remaining troop strength! Enemy officers will drop whatever they are doing to chase you across the map, which provides a challenge, but is overall stupid and reduces your own allies to simple distractions. In the end, the game boils down to lasting long enough for your officer to become so OP they can just kill everyone themselves without any fear of retaliation and then steamrolling the map, which kind of goes against the strategic angle this game is trying to push. Strategy elements feel more tacked on than anything and in the end its like any other DW game, where you feel like you're just a one man army who needs to occasionally babysit his more inept comrades.Anyway, I did enjoy the game, but I was expecting better. Overall I would give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,322520,17822827,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,DanDerethor,Fantastic!
,Recommended,322520,18754510,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Captain Planet,"This game is fun. :) When I can't play the games I love... I ALWAYS go to this game. I make different units based on my story [Writing a story] and go against them...I have all the DLC's... THe only thing I'm sad about is the music. It has tabs of all DW games, but I can't use any but 7 and 8's.If you have a TINY imagination, flip this baby to Chaos, don't use your bonus points... And GOOD LUCK!"
,Recommended,322520,18837124,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Strange,"Much like past Empires releases, 8's release throws in a handful of new things for you to mess around with. You can get married and have kids, and make decisions about being a freelancer or a servant, but ultimately everything you do is in service of unifying China, usually by force.Right off the bat, you'll create your own hero to fight as, rather than the main entries' focus on fighting as a variety of different warriors. Pick their design, armor, and moveset from Dynasty Warriors 8 and set them off onto an adventure which will involve sticking with them long term, until they carve their own destiny out for themselves.A big part of the strategy involved in Empires comes down to deciding how to best spend your time. There is a menu-based system in place which gives you a series of options, with each available action taking one month to complete. After a certain number of months, you'll attend or host a war council meeting where your long-term objectives are set. The challenge here is working out how to balance your time.Initially, I sided with a much larger faction and piggybacked on their success. Every time a new objective was set, I had to decide how much of my time to dedicate to furthering the goals of my faction, and how much of the time to put toward working on my own personal goals. Every month I could avoid working on faction goals allowed me to grow slightly closer to independence.There was also the balancing act of working out how long to spend with that faction before going solo. The longer I stayed with them, the more resources I had at my disposal for personal growth, but the larger my faction grew as a potential threat. Knowing one day I would split off, I didn't want to put too much of my effort into beefing up a future enemy.Once you eventually break out solo, you have a lot more say over how to focus strategically. You can go fully diplomatic, violent, or a mixture of the two, but violence overall feels the most fulfilling route. You have to try and keep a mental handle on how thin it's safe to spread your forces, how fast it's safe to expand, how long you can stay put fortifying yourself, and how fast your enemies are expanding their influence. There were a number of things I constantly had to be aware of, but it never felt overwhelming or unfair. Combat is pretty much unchanged from Dynasty Warriors 8, which in my opinion is a good thing.The dual weapon switching, combos, and special attacks remain unchanged, with the main differences being tactical elements of how you engage in fights on the battlefield. Empires features a far more detailed map, with a higher focus on overall strategy when overtaking bases. You'll find a series of strategic bases, which need to be overtaken one after another to work toward the capture of the main base. The more detailed map allows for more strategy, but it also caused me some stress while trying to make progress across the map.Feeling like I had to always be aware of enemy movements and counters to my advance meant that where I would have powered forward in a main Dynasty Warriors game, here I often stopped and backtracked to keep the odd one or two people from slipping through my net.Ultimately, I came away from Dynasty Warriors 8 Empires extremely satisfied. The tactical elements outside of battle were well balanced as to be challenging while fair, and the combat carries over the best elements from the main game. It's a bit of a specific niche it's catering to -- fans of Dynasty Warriors combat and long-term strategy elements -- but if those two things are your jam, then Empires should have you hooked.In my opinion, this game is superb.A hallmark of excellence. It may have some flaws, but they are negligible to what is otherwise a supreme title"
76561198105786007,Recommended,322520,18855770,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Torwul,"Oh my god what could we ask more a bout that game you creat your ""hero"" male or female, creat a banner, ""creat"" a horse event your own little ""army"" and on top of that if you male or female hero. Mate with another fighter you get a random child.. and you can vagabon, ruler event an empror"
,Recommended,322520,18897019,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,アレクサンダー,"Very good game with some repeatetive aspects for some people.Good stuff+ Character creation and the entire army creation+ After campaign is over you can um... ""save"" your children and build up your huge army+ If you play online you can get some custom characters from other players into your game! So amount of characters can be rather sky high+ Neat and very enjoyable combat+ This may sound weird, but if you find campaign easy, repeatetive and boring - go on higher difficulty. I did that and omg game got way more colors! You will actually have to managing empire itself properly. You will be attacked from multiple nations and you need as much provinces as possible on top level for them not to fall into enemy hands in one turn.+ Very good performance on 50/50 PC+ Beautiful asian art styleBad stuff- Can be little bit repeatetive, but try to increase difficult. That should get your entertained and challenge your reflexes and spike interest to the game.- Characters don't save level after campaign is over. You can however get weapons from blacksmith outside from campaign. Those (me thinks) should pop up in campaign."
,Recommended,322520,19279410,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Credos75,SUPER AWESOME GAME RECOMMEND 100% its like the other game dynasty warriors 8 xtreme legends but you get to control your own kingdom conrquer or make peace execute enemy officers or recruit or release them or even leave your kingdom to join them you level up you get bonuses from titles you gain so great a game 100/100 i LOVE it would love to see other have fun playing it its like total war meeets hack and slash all the strategy of total war somewhat with the ability to completely influence everything by your own hand in one battle i killed over 6000 soilders before it ended and i killed all the enemy generals and commander and captured all their bases without any backup without a single soilder to help me to have that kinda power to have that control its like your every fantasy come true i play this game when im feeling down and depressed when stuff is just sour for me when i start it up pull off my usual combo and kill 50 enemys the rush i get the exiluration i feel makes me forget my worries my cares i just go into fun mode with all the killing of npcs i can with the ability to hold life or death in your hands to destroy empires with your own hands to betray a bad lord to steal his own kingdom to start your own the choice is yours hat are you waiting for all theses negative reviews ii dont understand they must have no love for strategy meets hack and slash meets empire builder meets fun meets weapons meets more fun so i urge you buy it and play you wont be disapointed also you can create your own hero make him different weapon abilitys like spear thrust ability power ability or bow rage mode power ability fly through the air and slam down killing 100s the thrill of it is so good i cant get enough with this if your not convinced to buy it and play go have a nice life in loservillle with your crappy knockoff games you play cause your too cheap to buy the real deal
,Recommended,322520,19339833,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Hero,"Too much bias, love this game and series. Lots of freedom to craft and edit is what normal gets me drawn into a game, and this game delivers. Build commanders, soldiers, horses, banners, armies, and scenerios in edit mode and then wipe everyone out in game. Sure, for being on the computer the graphics ""could be better"" but that's a silly reason to get upset in my opinion, just have fun slashing people!"
76561198071828732,Recommended,322520,19434350,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,KillerKiwiNZ,♥♥♥♥ed my daughter to have a child 10/10 did do again
,Recommended,322520,19665522,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mr.Millz,It took forever to get this game to work with a controler ..    but after you do  its worth it.    Its a lot funner then DW7 Empires . . .  more stuff. .  ect.ect.      I'd buy it.   it's worth it.
,Recommended,322520,19667406,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Aracely,"I reccomend this game when you got nothing to do and want to slaughter hundred of man. pretty decent gameplay, too bad there's no autosave so make sure to save after win a war. the only problem I have is there's a pretty annoying visual bug where weapon become invisible or turn into completly different weapon"
,Recommended,322520,19735242,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,JDDorkly,"The other reviewers aren't exaggerating when they say it's a clumsy port with terrible controls. I bought it anyway, because there are always those comments on DW ports- but this one is much worse than usual. So be aware that it will take a fair while to get used to the terribly rigid and awkward controls! For example, using a controller you have to move the camera to strafe or go off in any direction other than NESW. If you can get past the controls and movement, it's not so bad. The weirdly rigid controls were terrible until I got used to it, but after the first few days it hasn't had much affect on my enjoyment of the game (as you can see from my time played!)Other than that it's standard DW fare, with some extra gameplay elements added.- There's the addition of a 'strategy system'- you choose up to 6 abilities to use in battle.- There's an actual change in strategy compared to all other DW games, in that you are required to use strategy even on normal or lesser difficulty. You can no longer make a beeline to the enemy main base, you have to have control of an unbroken line of bases leading from your main camp to the enemies' main camp. The enemy is also stronger in their area of control- where you are further from your bases, troops, and supply lines. You can't go lone commando as much as you can in other DW games- not saying it's a bad change though!- You can influence your leaders policies, slander other officers to get them fired, tax areas under your control, raid an area to weaken it before invading, get married and have kids who follow in your footsteps and in general look like their parents.As always in Empires, you can make your own character. They've gone farther this time, and you can mix and match some pretty nifty characters. You can have your custom officers (and those of others) enter the game at random. They seem to have more customization than in previous Empires, and the faces certainly look better than they have previously.All in all, there are some really interesting changes to the gameplay in this version of DW but I would recommend it only IF you can get past the truly horrible control scheme."
76561198113579782,Recommended,322520,20019437,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,+Blitz+,"If your a fan of the Dynasty Warriors franchise then you will enjoy this game, i know i do and you will to. o/"
76561197997366624,Recommended,322520,20144558,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,xXAkirawind0Xx,I really like this mosty for creating diffrent thems and make it the best them everif you like Dynasty Warriors I am sure like this one
76561198064127242,Recommended,322520,20173645,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RATATATO,"YOU SHOULD NOT PLAY on more HARD MODE.This game is an exciting one-vs-hundred action game.Join as a cool or cute officer at the three kingdoms, Knock thousand solders and Hit combos to officers.This game has a porr strategy system.No NP-officer defenses a city. No mob soldier could defense a base.In easy or nomal mode, enemies are weak and attack your city sometimes, So you could do all things.But in hard or harder mode, enemy officers become strong and attack your city certainly on one phase. It is hard to attack, defense, fix, give or heal.This strategy system allows you to select stages, battle style, or time, but force you to battle in the adverse contition sometimes.pros:- You could knock million soldiers-- ""Aha, some human garbage.""- Cool and cute characters in Chinese-like style- Character edit-- You could join your character as a leader, a officer or a outlaw.-- Many body parts, many clothescons:- Poor strategy system-- You MUST join defense. No officer could defense a city.-- Only one NP-officer could occupy a base. No mob soldier could not prevent it.-- Poor AI. You must defeat almost all enemy officers yourself.- Too large map- Low resolution texture (but enough)"
76561198072419394,Recommended,322520,20209477,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dice™,"Got me hooked for the whole day the first time I play it.It's more in depth than any series you played. Created my own Kingdom, Created 8 custom heroes with all united color (Black). Went ape♥♥♥♥♥♥on the other nation and start taking over, captured the famous heroes and beheaded them (but not the cute female heroines *wink*wink).Won the game and it lets me put my own record history in the game ;)started playing all the other campaign. and story wise it's OK.Nevetheless, worth the moola."
,Recommended,322520,20249221,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Wyvern,"i've played dynasty warriors for 8 Years, and i like the empire series.. I usually play DW 5 Empires, I loved it, until my brother bought me this game, i can't help to stop playing. IT IS AWESOME!Eventhough i didn't understand the commands at the first time, but then i got better.I recommend this game.But it has a slight error, if u accidentaly switched to another tab, then the game didn't responded. (FOR GOD SAKE DON'T FORGET TO SAVE)"
76561198022358293,Recommended,322520,18901263,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Mori86,i dont know how people are saying this is a bad port it worked real well for me it seems their just typing out their asses
,Recommended,322520,20217262,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,N.O.T.N.I.T.I,"In spite of the bad port, as the new player in the empire genre, it's quite impressive and fun. If you enjoy dynasty warriors series, this is good for you."
76561198156941646,Recommended,322520,18815340,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Redstrife,"Its a great game to spend hours on, they have seem to focus more on officer mode than ruler mode. Which is funny since DWE7 focused more on ruler mode than officer mode. Still fun."
,Recommended,322520,19073588,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,François Flynn Long,Graphic is♥♥♥♥♥♥Playing this game without a controller is a self-tortureGameplay still fun tho
76561198040088545,Recommended,322520,21357106,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,snmyk26,"Great game for first time Dynasy Warriors players.  The game could be a bit more immersive, and both versions (Chinese and English) are voiced in Japanese.  While it is better than the first DW I played (Dynasty Warriors 4), the price for the DLC is so outrageous it looks to be a cash grab since they are doing the exact same thing for their XL series.All in all, this game is really great but there's room for improvement in this series where you can build a one man wrecking crew!  8/10"
,Recommended,322520,14691758,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,hidayat06,I conquered China twice a day..
76561198035279726,Recommended,322520,14727705,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,aronax243,Great game! Love empire!Damn you spacebar confirmation button!
,Recommended,322520,14747067,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,【 Kirisol】,"Edit: After the game had updated there are no longer bugs just like flickering floors or eyes coming out of the character.I've been in love with the series for a long time. Glad to see the game turned less into a sausagefest.A really fun game that allows character creation and lots of slots so you can either upload or download other characters people had created. It does actually get boring that it does seem repetitive for all empires is capturing objectives, Unless you are good at roleplaying it won't get boring much.10/10 Would help Lu Lingqi have vengance on Cao Cao for killing her father. and have a child with her xDPs: Fav couple is mostly Cao Pi and Zhen JiEdit 2: Forgot to mention... The having a child part, please update that so once you save the child have it say a son or daughter of this particular person/ with this Musou character or created character. I don't want to always say ""oh shes just confessing on how much she loves her dad"" ;-; No Incest please.. xD"
,Recommended,322520,14875714,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,bluxiaoyu,"Other then playing ancient china, i customized it into the shinobi war XD."
,Recommended,322520,14756161,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Aniki-sama (Ани) (安妮),"For the few hours I've put on this game in the last few days, I can say that I find this game to be interesting enough to be more than just another Dynasty Warriors game.The game is very fun, it's easy if you don't make it hard for yourself to play this game.I have yet to beat Chaos difficulty.Empires is about creating an empire to rule the land of current China. Very simple, although it is very much centered on you, the player, to unify the land. Granted you do not have to do so, but with how the game pretty much annoys you to either join a Kingdom or make a Unit and rebel to take a terroritory, its hard not to be put in that situation.The combat is sweet and simple and repetitive, like many of the battles, since there are only 25 territories. Taking said territories is simple as Invading and winning. Raiding is simply attacking the terrority to weaken it over time to make invading it easier. There is also a Supply route type of control while in an invasion, raid or defensive battle. Connecting the bases is how you will be able to to take the Main camp. This is implemented so players don't immediately head there and try to finish the battle in two minutes. (Totally didn't try to do that and end up losing my first few invasions before I figured it out.)The game doesn't have much of a story, since the iconic characters in the game could easily be in a completely random kingdom for some reason or another that isn't accurate to the history of the characters. Although the game allows you to make your own officers and you will be able to form a Unit out of said officers and put it into a custom senario and play out that way. The game doesn't stop you from playing any character you wish to play, and doesn't force you to be in certain kingdoms. Giving a nice feeling of an RPG feel. Replayability is high if you enjoying being a demi god and slaying hundreds of thousands of people.Custom officers, by far the biggest reason why I like this game, Make the Maniless looking possible character and have his moushu attack be prancing with flowers is why I was reeled into this game. All dlc is purely cosmetics to the game and you are not required to have to fully enjoy the game.I recommend this game.TL;DRGame funKill lotsRule kingdomOpress peopleEntice oppisite sex into having babiesand Machine guns on your arm"
76561198080166598,Recommended,322520,14739083,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Fresh Prince of Solaire,"My previous review no longer stands.Oh, my graphical gripes persist, sad though I am to say. It hasn't hurt my experience too badly in the grand scheme of things though.I really like this game. I get to carry around a goddamn arrow tower in my bare hands at times, my eyes float above my head, and sometimes, SOMETIMES I like to take interest in other officers' struggles. I'm only a demi-god sent to the realm of China to wreak bloody mayhem, give me a break.The high point, in my opinion, is the character creator ala CAW system. My god the possibilities. If you really want to you can create so many different characters. It's incredible. Aaand the graphical glitches don't persist nearly as much in the Edit Mode as they do in the regular play modes. Consistency! (There is none...)So the game has it's faults; though my own faults are using a subpar graphics card. Still, I'll take my arrow tower into my hands and liberate ancient China regardless, and if any of that sounded interesting you might want to look into this game too!(Warning: You may or may not be able to wield an arrow tower in your hands. Those with decent graphics cards need not apply)"
76561198074812617,Recommended,322520,15186515,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,WuYiXiang,"UPDATE 8/14/15:  I haven't seen any patches lately, but I recently bought a new laptop, and I haven't had problems since. I don't know if it's my laptop or the game. Please let me know if you still have these problems.UPDATE:  While KOEI did update the game recently, there's still no word on the graphical errors,  so I can't yet give the game a Recommended rating.Don't be put off by the large thumbs down at the beginning of this review, and don't get me wrong. I love Dynasty Warriors. I've been playing the series since DW2. HOWEVER, I cannot with a clear conscience recommend this game. Dynasty Warriors 8 Empires, while a good game, is a horribly unoptimized port of the console version. The default keymaps are awkward at best, and you're definitely playing Russian Roulette with the graphics in this game. Eyeballs come loose from custom characters and float around, an effect that is hilarious at first, but believe me. It gets old quickly. Additionally, weapons disappear, shields get misplaced, and entire towers hug your weapons, blocking 90% of the screen.The graphical glitches don't occur for everyone, though, so if you're feeling lucky, feel free to buy the game. However, I do recommend getting DW8XL over DW8E unless you're like me and can largely ignore the textures jumping around. Seriously. That's the major reason I cannot recommend this game. The glitches are that distracting."
,Recommended,322520,15600466,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Avorto,Well its dynasty warriors thats for sure. honestly theres no other way to put it. if you have liked dynasty warriors games in the past you will love this one.
,Recommended,322520,16176870,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,♫ Foxy ♫,Pro: The only Dynasty Warriors Empires for PCCon:- Horrible mouse and keyboard configuration- Ps3 ported (Means trash graphics)
76561198206306508,Recommended,322520,16857924,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Angus beeflord of ACDC,"Its pretty good, but i will get it a 7/10 because of some glitches. its not horrible as people said it and its pretty good.  I guess people complain about the graphics but i thought it was the computers fault becuase some  computers do require a new graphics card. englisjh sub is ok because its still the same."
76561198147012967,Recommended,322520,17087236,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,mpschrodinger,"I totally love this game. Good graphics, well been into the chinesse classical combat/strategy game and the ability to create custom units is awesome."
76561198023253644,Recommended,322520,14753364,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,typodemon00,"Joined the nanman. Made Zhurong my sworn sister. Married her husband, had baby. nearly united china when game crashed, forgot no auto save in game.  10/10 would get in weird polygamy tribe again."
76561198020111002,Recommended,322520,14794103,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,WiX87,"The game was actually good if you can stand with the repetitiveness,The good part like create your own hero, honestly in this part i take a hours only making my hero and not only hero but can create army, banner, and horseEmpire mode that you can become a ruler or you can become some officer to support your ruler, become ruler or common officer have some different gameplay that was i really like it, make the game have some replaybilitybut the bad part is the graphic is really shame that KOEI still port texture from ps3, and not bring online co-op like ps3 and ps4 is really mess up"
,Recommended,322520,14901694,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Finalmat,One of the nest games i recommend playing this.
,Recommended,322520,14919211,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,iCorTex,I am very sad. I thought that the game supports control xboxone but I was surprised that the game you cannot edit controllers control
76561198093470372,Recommended,322520,14939691,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Aquila,"-Hack and slash-Idk what I'm doing 90% of the time-You can customize your character so much-You can customize a horse-You can customize a flag-You can customize what weapons you use-You can customize moves-Nekos, nekos everywhere...=100/10 <3P.S. I can't play with high graphics cause my laptops' graphics card is shet.lol xD"
76561198060749169,Recommended,322520,14965329,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,DosDeosos,"***Warning Addiction***If you thought you had played enough, thought again.-1million/0.1"
,Recommended,322520,15085534,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Django Fett,"A Dynasty Warriors game that combines strategy and action hack and slash thats absolutely worth it!Now I have played a lot of DW games and love the Empires series. This Empires game is the best I have played and you will have a blast playing it. You can recruit officers, command your armies to invade other provinces and even start as a mercenary or officer or ruler. And if your an officer, you can rise up and rebel against your own ruler and create your own kingdom.You can customize your officer into hundreds of different combinations. NO DLC NEEDED. Your going to want to create a ton of different custom officers to see how far your imagination can run and see how many crazy combinations. You can also create your own custom scenarios.I can name countless number of things you could do like getting married, do quests to gain experience and level up,The bad thing is the controls......just.....horrendous. Use a controller. Also No multiplayer. Online. Local. NONE!This game is a completely different protypical Dynasty Warriors that you have seen before. This is a great game worth your time and Dynasty Warriors fans and fans interested in the Dynasty Warriors series are going to LOVE this game!To see my full thoughts of the game then check out my review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu4fqIV7Jqs"
,Recommended,322520,15259143,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Valorian Endymion,"While not perfect, I am enjoying much more that I could possible expect. The concept of following the life one officer (either a already existent one or a custom made) does works great, while kind feel like a weird fanfic (which is good too).Pro:- Character Edition is very good, among the best out there.- Empire Mode does offer a very good kind of ""emergent gameplay"", make friends, swear oaths, marriage, have children, serve as loyal officer (or not), became a ruler, do quests, create your own kingdom, plenty stuff to do.- Stratagem give a different vibe so this does not fell so much like DEW Xtreme (not that would be a problem to me)- Custom scenarios/officers/horse/units/banners and ability to download and upload them to share.- Mix both default officers and custom ones: when setting up a Empire mode gameplay you can adjust if you want you other custom officers made by you (and others available online) too show up along with the historical officers. Fanfic power to extreme levels.Cons:- Empire Mode could use some extra quest/options, but the current quantity is ok, but might get repetitive.- Slight performance issues in a very few maps.Useful info:- It was already said, but: if you have DW 8 xtreme and some of its costume packs dlcs, they will be available to use in DW 8 Empires, so you don´t need to buy them again."
76561197995873407,Recommended,322520,15882702,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Sabine Wren,"This is a really fun and easy to get addicted to game that has eaten many hours of my life.Keeping the review short I'll say that while I suggest it to anyone who likes a hack and slash title it's definitely not a great port. In fact it's a terrible port. If you think you can handle some pretty serious software quirks it's entirely worth it. If you're easily frustrated by an extremely clumsy interface you might want to stay clear.Expanding on it being a bad port I'll first say the keyboard control by itself is just not viable and when playing with my 360 controller I've found that I need to use both the keyboard and that controller in concert to navigate menus. Making this worse is that it's impossible to edit key or controller bindings. With a complete lack of any English instruction manual I was left mashing buttons looking for the one I needed.Another massive pitfall I've encountered is a complete and total lack of ability to run this title in full screen mode without terrible consequences. The major issue comes in when you alt+tab out and then tab back in to find your interface is 100% of the time now unresponsive and the graphics have completely gone kerplewie leaving you with a Salvador Dali-esque mess which you can only task kill to escape. This, of course, also means any unsaved progress is now gone. It took me a week to finally break the habit of tabbing out before saving and I lost untold amounts of progress during this time.I grabbed this title because I'd played DW: 6 Empires years ago and really enjoyed it. They've definitely improved the game since then and added a fun little family mechanic which allows the player to get married and have a child which will (generally) look like a  convincing tossup between the mother and father. While it's an enjoyable mechanic I feel they could have done much more with it and ultimately there's only about four unique events which will trigger before you've entirely depleted the content.Similarly the character creation for custom officers is pretty in depth and fun to tweak around with. I've made convincing mock-up's of quite a few characters from TV, movies and other games and had them look fairly convincing thanks to the editor's good amount of options. Compared to 6: Empires I've gotta admit the clothing/armor options are somewhat lacking and the DLC's that add more options seem disproportionately expensive for mere cosmetic options. It's also possible to create a custom banner for you empire, a custom warhorse for your officer, entire custom units of officers as well as custom scenarios. Not sure how the scenario editor works as I've never touched it, but the other editors are all fairly easy to understand and use.There's also an amazing number of hidden eggs in this title. I've found Vladimir Putin and Barrack Obama as free officers and found all of Team Avatar from Avatar: The Last Airbender as a vagabond unit. This also includes some Naruto and Bleach characters (at least that I've been able to pick out, not a fan of either show but aware enough of both to recognize names). This added untold amounts of entertainment value through comedic relief.Basically if you can stay patient through some pretty ugly performance issues the game is entirely worth it and, in my opinion, a great deal of fun."
,Recommended,322520,15929343,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Nox,"Everything you expected out of an Empires game, minus the affordability. Seriously, the DLCs are NOT cheap. Some are free though, which is nice. Music selection is hinted to include BGM from older games but not sure if it will be DLC or unlockable due to lack of info.PS: some of the DLC are shared with DW8CE so make sure you don't double-buy the same DLC."
,Recommended,322520,16052604,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ϟThe Sixth Courier,"Quite frankly, it does not live up to expectations, and fails on many areas, but still, does get some things right. Was officially announced to have English voice acting, but Koei flat out lied about that.TLDR AT BOTPros:Good gameplay mechanics (Could be the best of the Empire series, so far)More CAW (Character creation) optionsMore choice in playstyleCustom chracters have a Way of Life (AI behavior) based on how you play them (sounds cool, but is implemented half-heartedly)Improved control over battles as a leaderCons:No English voiceacting ( Even though Koei ♥♥♥♥ing officially announced that there would be, so they actually LIED about there being English voicing)Interactions between characters is poorly done, with dialogue not affecting your relation w/ them past low or high relation status. Sworn oaths and marriages only serve to keep them permanently w/ you, and offer no new dialogue that reflects that status. Interactions between characters practically do not exist, other than a couple lines of dialogue and small bonuses. (Compare DW6E for what I'm referring to in decline of depth)Cutscenes are literally a copy and paste, and do not reflect anything other than which characters are present (I.e cutscenes do not reflect the area it takes place). No variability in cutscenes like in previous ones.Enemy AI can (not always, though) abuse the strategies (abilities) available to them since they have no limit as to how often they spam abilities, other than the CD w/ them.Difficulty settings aren't done too wellYour affinity (morality) has no consequences, and does not punish you for being evil, and does not reward you for being good. For all purposes, you may as well play evil for an easier time, since there's no cons to it. Only apparent use for affinity is how your custom character's Way of Life will be affectedAll characters lack any at all depth in this, which is incredibly hard to ♥♥♥♥ up on. For all intents, each character is simply ""there"", and lack any sort of input to anything you do or anything that happens at all. Unlike in previous games, your accomplishments would be talked on by the characters, which made them more rewarding, in this one, however, they say absolutely nothing, even in those incredibly few important cutscenes.Overall, I'd give this game a 7/10. It was well done in many areas, and can provide it's worth in money you paid for. It's something easily enjoyed if you can ignore the numerous ♥♥♥♥ups with the game, but those that have played previous Empire extensions to the series, or anyone who can't get over the poor quality here and there, may be wanting for more. That being said, it is still a good game.TL;DRA GOOD GAME IF YOU'RE NEW. MAY OR MAY NOT SEEM LIKE A HALF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MEDIOCRE ADDITION FOR THOSE WHO'VE PLAYED THE EMPIRE EXTENSIONS FOR A WHILE. EITHER WAY, IT IS WORTH TRYING. YES THIS REVIEW IS SOMEWHAT BIASED."
,Recommended,322520,16066777,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,JakotsuTheOne,"It's good to see a Dynasty Warriors Empires on PC for a change, just wish it had an English voice option."
76561198111555854,Recommended,322520,16150297,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,"Faust ""FACKING"" Faustulous","Now I wanna be straight up and say ""I love this ♥♥♥♥ing game"" but that's not what a review is. Now I love the Dynasty Warriors games,  the prospect of killing thousands of soldiers is nothing but stress relief when you've had a bad day or just want to be a ""God of War"". This game is no exception. It has the sword, the axes, the spears, the♥♥♥♥♥♥ the♥♥♥♥♥ I could go on and on (like the jet black chrome).This game uses ""Strategems"" they are basically your methods of messing up the enemies and buffing yourself up like crazy. My favorite has to be ""Lightning Speed"" you just move so fast and your attacks also speed up, making you a BLENDER OF DEATH!!! *Ahem* anyway they also introduced""Large Scale Strategems"" in this entry. They are your basic strategems however they affect whole battlefields. You could have your normal fire attack, or use ""Inferno"" to burn every enemy base because ♥♥♥♥ it! I'm an arsonist and I want to see everyting burn.Now the great thing about ""Dynasty Warriors"" is that you play as a character that is full of color. They entertain, they fight, they even feel bad about everything they've done wrong. In this game, that element is very supressed. All the characters say the same thing to another, even if the person is a wife, sworn brother, or child. It's a missed oppurtunity and even the already established characters are like that. The biggest example has to be Sima Yi. This guy is a natural born villain. He laughs at everything and takes every oppurtuinity to call someone an imbecile. In this game, he may have said imbecile in one line, and laughed in a ""Musou Attack"" or when he stated he was drunk. Honestly, this made me a little sad but hey, you can do some funny♥♥♥♥♥♥with the events.Unlike most ""Dynasty Warriors"" games you start off with every character with his or her full moveset. Custom characters use these to full affect and you can even mix and match Musou attacks. For this game I reccomend the movesets with ""Whirlwind"". It sure as hell makes the ""BLENDER OF DEATH"" even more powerful and they tend to clear out crowds even better. Character Creation is really in depth. You could change your characters hair style, facial features, and clothes (which this game is filled to the brink with, even moreso with the DLC.) Now you're asking ""What's the purpose of level ups?"" Well your level dictates all of your stats (like strength, defense, and leadership). Your ""Way of Life"" dictates your starting level. Now how you find out which ""Way of Life"" will benefit you the most is beyond me but you could use bonus points to just cheat yourself to Level 50. I won't judge...Now I swear this game will crash like nothing else and this is not a problem I'm just having. A lot of the reviews have mentioned crashes and I don't know if it's just because a majority of us have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptops, or it's because the game can't help but crash. People have mentioned it being a PS3 to PC port, so that may be a problem but I don't know but if you plan to play this game be wary of that.Overall a great game. Although events and character interactions could use work, the combat (as usual for Dynasty Warriors) is fun and fast, and Character Creation is really in depth and a big time waster (Hey don't judge me if most of your time was on edit mode). This game may crash more than my Android Phone but that is no excuse to not by this game."
76561198069412700,Recommended,322520,16564633,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Vriest,"has been waiting this game on pc, it was nice with quite a lot new features, new edit mode system, all the new features seems cool, but they need to add some new story line, and they should make a choices of how the character choose their life, lastly add some features to show how villagers or othe officer opinion about the kingdom or the vagabound"
,Recommended,322520,16611965,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dr. MuffinWater,Never thought I'd say this about a Dynasty Warriors game considering I hate the series but I really like this game. It's mostly because I get to play Empire mode with my own character and the character creation isn't too bad. Normally I'd get bored playing because it's the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time but doing that same♥♥♥♥♥♥with something you created makes it seem worth while.
76561198030490064,Recommended,322520,16820957,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Asacledhae,"What is there to say about this game?It's hellishly addictive, and really fun. It has all the ""basics"" of the Dynasty Warriors features, combined with all the character/kingdom customization options that come with the Empires series. You can either participate as a classic three kingdoms era warrior, or you can make your own, and take him/her out for a spin.The character customization considering the nature of a ""hack & slash"" game like this one, is quite deep and detailed, and you have a lot of options to actually choose from in order to make your perfect hero. Heck, you can even make something really weird like a midget fat ""cat"" with a greatsword..... *coughs*..This is a game i give an 8/10, as it loses points from lack of online play. Local split-screen is nice, but this game would've been a gem if you were to start a game with a friend online, make your own heroes and simply fight together or against each other from the comfort of your home...Pros :- Character Customization- Every game you start is unique- Vast Character Roster- Classic Dynasty Warrriors Feel- Fast Paced Combat- No Crashes or Graphic LagCons :- Somewhat blurry textures in some areas- Lack of online co-op/versus- Lack of 16:10 resolution support (yes, if you have a 16:10 monitor, you're forced to either weird stretch, or windowed mode)"
76561198150443970,Recommended,322520,21219556,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,HyperBolo,awesome character and map editor with chill and fun gameplay make this the best local cooperative game available on steam
,Recommended,322520,21975855,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,朝風,"Nice game, wow"
,Recommended,322520,21049613,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,VodKa,It's good but as we know it is no much thing we can do in this game just basically things. However I got what I need in this game.
,Recommended,322520,20081709,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PewPewPew,"Had a rough day? Play this game no joke those AI happily run towards you to get slash.1000+ K.O. it's small matter. Just, mond that your in-game son/daughter may look like poorly-plastic-surgery-failure kinda appearance. And they practice 1-child only policy. Have fun overthrowing and rebelling."
76561198096065577,Recommended,322520,20295478,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Creature,"I would like a better custom scenario and no game over (updated, please review)(sorry english errors, I am Brazilian)how do I start a custom scenario:kingdom: all ""24"" start with 60 officers - *24 kingdoms start with 10 officers in each, not 60*Vagabond Kingdom also start with 10 officers not the maximum*you start with 4 kingdoms with 60 officers in each, but if you put 5 or more you cannot start with 60 in allTroops: 999999 - *custom game start with minimumMoney: 999999  - *custom game start with minimumresources: 999999 - *custom game start with minimumcharacter level: all level 99 (you, your allies and enemies) - *custom game start with minimumdifficulty: Maximum (chaos) - *difficulty: all disponible in the custom modeweapons: 6 stars or all - *custom game start with two weak weaponsitems: all - *custom game start with minimunstratagem: all - *custom game start with minimumson: edit and start the game with then - *In custom game you have after your marriage, no editothers:-quests indisponible for rulers.-all items and stratagem not appear in the gallery, only the weapons appear-ruler does not talk to people from other kingdoms like the vagabond leaders, resulting in foreign friends rank E-ruler don't raid caravans and assassinate enemy officers like the vagabond leader-leaders raid caravan quest alone without one or two Sword Sibling or alied officers-vagabond leader don't raid or destroy another vagabond leader-after you conquer the continent you don't continue war with vagabond leaders, the game end-after 50 years the game end and you lose your progress and start a new game- the last is: no portuguese subtitles lol :) menus and tutorials are easy but encyclopedia is hard for me :)"
,Recommended,322520,28790318,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Calas,"Tbh i really like this game, it feels like an expansion to XL, the gameplay is fun and gripping, it has a degree of knolage needed to play on higher difficulties. There are many different options for gameplay, preset and custom. I think overall its a solid game, BUTCons:•£39.99 Is ♥♥♥♥ing steep for an expansion•Voices are in Japenese(More of a personal thing, peraonaly i dont mind but i know others do)•Graphics are a fair downgrade from XL•No keyboard support, find away for it to work for you(I have no problem with this as i use [ As attack ] As charge L as Muso lctr as weapon switch and the rest as expected, like space as jump ect)•A lot of paid DLC which is a cash grab, but isn't requiredPros:•Great gameplay, you can pick your path. Play as a free officer doing quests(Assassinating rulers, Slaying rouge beasts ect), a loyel officer of a kingdom, or the leader yourself, managing an empire ad it expands•A wide diversity in customisation•A feeling of progression and achievement with every battle"
76561197993763693,Recommended,322520,26927304,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[YJL] ZondaFreak,"Empires is the best version of the Dynasty Warriors games, since while you still have the ability to fight your way through mountains of enemies with ridiculous weapons and combos, there is also some degree of tactics involved. Starting at your main base you must capture forward enemy bases until you have chained together a path to the enemy's main base, at which point you can capture it. The inclusion of fire attacks, towers with volleys of arrows and a slew of other in-battle perks makes this highly entertaining and as replayable as any other DW game to date."
,Recommended,322520,27098349,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,blueriver,HACK AND SLASHHH
,Recommended,322520,31559960,Posted: 5 May,all,WhatAmIDoing,This is not how I remember it saying in the history books.
76561198026912876,Recommended,322520,25631076,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Ripfin,Great entry controlls work perfect with x box elite
,Recommended,322520,25636792,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Espurr,"Hell yeah, the game is fun. XD dont mind meeeee"
,Recommended,322520,32670298,Posted: 23 June,all,woogiepooh2013,"At $50 the I don'k think the game is worth a purchase but rather buy Dynasty Warrior 8 Extreme Legends if you don't already have it first and then pick this up afterwards or wait for sale.A Console Game ported to pc, 60 fps but the graphics and game you can feel the console port also getting a controller to work may requires the use of big picture mode.More to review in the future..."
76561198042949608,Not Recommended,322520,35230544,Posted: 26 September,all,xFay,Gets stale. Generic reactions from officers despite going through different routes. Expected more from an Empires version.
76561198096611878,Recommended,322520,14683938,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,w1nnie,"Fun game,  as a person that hasn't played dw for a while then geting back to dw8 extream then this quite fun and happy its on pc.P.S. Don't know if its my comp but my weapons tend to graphicly glitch out"
76561197995061219,Recommended,322520,14686532,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Le Meyérables,Graphics aside this is by far the most fun I have had with a Dynasty Warriors game so far.-All of the keys can easily be rebound to your gamepad or keyboard.-It may not be optimized for the PC but it really doesn't since the gameplay is extremly fun to just like all the other Dynasty Warriors game we have all come to love.-Price tag and the costly DLC are they only downsides. That being said DLC is not required at all to make the game playable.
,Recommended,322520,14690321,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Adept Pardoner,"I haven't sunk anywhere near as much time into this game as I had the last DW game on here, however, I think it's time to give it a review anyway.This game does still suffer from many of the issues I listed in my previous review of DW8XLCE, small number of resolution options, no mouse functionality, obscene keyboard defaults, low amount of graphics options, a lack of multiplayer online, and it being over-priced.As with DW8XL on steam, this is a port of the PS3 version of Empires rather than a specific PC version and this is clearly reflected in the visuals. It must be said, however, that this game is a lot more functional at Launch than Xtreme Legends was at it's launch. Indeed it would seem that this is the most functional version of the game on day one in the EU & States, as the console versions are apparently choked with bugs, one of the most common being character voices being switched in immersion breaking but amusing ways (Ma Chao speaking with Diaochan's voice for example). This is absent in the PC version, along with a series of other bugs.It seems that the PC version comes with much of the pre-order DLC avalible for other versions of the game free in the base game, another plus. Another rather large plus, though not one that has been openly talked about by Koei itself or even by the community at large, is that the costume DLCs (the most expensive DLCs for both Empires and XLCE) are transfereable from one game to the other so as long as you own the costumes in XL already, there is no need to buy them again for Empires, and if you buy costume DLC you didn't have later in Empires, they'll unlock in XL. This is a small but nice touch and one that I am pleased to have found in the game. One last major positive is that this game (I'm uncertain of if this is true for the other versions of the game) has every armor, hair, and accesory peice of CAW from Dynasty Warriors 7 Empires avaliable at the start, including the DLC ones. Once the inevtiable DLC packs for CAW begin to come out, I think I may lose contact with everyone and everything I know and love due to sheer obsessive focus on creating new custom officers!A big problem I have, however, is that (at least in the UK) the PC version, despite having the graphics of the PS3 version and a lack of online co-op, is the most expensive version of the game avaliable that I've seen. Amazon sells the boxed copy of Empires 8 for 29.99, I beleive the PS3 digital version is slightly cheaper, and yet here we have less content than both of those versions are are paying a full £40 upon release. This was also the case with XLCE (though with a higher price-point there) and is something I honestly don't understand. Why are we to be made to pay more when we are granted LESS features? How is that fair?Regardless of the issues that I have raised, I will still be playing this game to death. I adore the Dynasty Warriors series, the Empires spin-offs especially, and this one seems to be the most well featured of all of them as of yet.  Despite this, it is over priced, not as well featured as the other versions of the game, and despite being on certainly the most potentially powerful platform, we recive the less graphically impressive version of the game. Having said this, Koei does seem to be slowly learning that it actually HAS an audience on steam, as more and more of their games are slated for release on steam in future (if I have the cash I will CERTIANLY be buying Bladestorm Nightmare when it comes out next month) and it seems that with each release they are slowly improving their PC releases over-all. It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situation for us to be in, having bad ports now and having to wait for them to get better, but for fans of Koei games (such as myself) surely it's better than what we had before. Nothing."
76561198062270792,Recommended,322520,33027605,Posted: 30 June,all,Skogfisk,I hope you're ready for at least 1 hour of messing around with controller and resolution settings. Once that was over its good so far.
,Recommended,322520,17197544,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Set,.
,Not Recommended,322520,21269016,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,alexandhotshot,It was fun and fine before I alt tabbed out and then the whole thing froze and i couldnt even access the load game files that i had saved prior to the freeze.NOT WORTH BUYING AT ALL DUE TO TOO MANY BUGS AND GLITCHES.
76561198026367228,Not Recommended,322520,17140703,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,VonDodo,"I am huge fan of Dinasty warriors games. But this was a big disappointment. Basically the game plays like Dinasty warriors 8 with ONLY free mode... The strategic part is just smoke in the eyes, whatever you do, nothing will change in the game except the position your character will cover in the FEW scenes (10-12 in the Whole game maybe?).Replay value is near to 0. Luckily you can get Dinasty warriors XL on steam wich has way more content and the ambition mode is more ""RPG and strategic"" that this will ever be, while offering lot more content. Really this is comparable to Dinasty warriors 8 free mode with only a decent character editor but nothing more. ""DW8 empires"" should be an alpha or demo version :( with less content than any DW ever. Get DW8 XL and don't look at this."
76561198008467264,Not Recommended,322520,14858414,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Gramora,"Love the series, but as of 3/12/2015 it is filled with all sorts of bugs and graphics glitches. Running it windowed helped some, but not enough to make the current price tag plus dlc worthwhile. Hopefully in the future fixes and a lower price will be put forward :)"
,Not Recommended,322520,16719023,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Screwdriver,Disapointed very disapointed....
,Recommended,322520,21800777,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Will,"I am a newcomer to the series, although I am a veteran regarding the Three Kingdoms universe.If you like Beat'em all, this game is awesome. Tons of characters to use with different combat styles (including an in-depth Create a Hero), everything is responsive and the action is there.As a strategy game, it is okay. It has a couple options, which are closely related to the Three Kingdoms lore. A.I. are quite bad at using them though, or don't use them at all. Difficulty settings do not help, as they only boost the stats of enemy characters.There is no real story here, as you make your own. As a Three Kingdoms fan, I love all the different outcomes that happen with the characters. The characters in themselves are very bland in terms of personality, but are all quite cool looking while staying true with the Chinese lore. The game doesn't have an English dub but does have English subs, which isn't a bad thing since the English dub in Xtreme Legends (which I've played afterward) is atrocious.All in all, a great game that gets repetitive if you don't use your imagination"
,Recommended,322520,24383742,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ackman,dang I spent like a hundo hours on it I can't really say I hate it?
76561198073506677,Not Recommended,322520,28809878,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rhino 007,So... Dualshock 4 controlers don't seem to work (they don't for me at least) and the game freezes every time I try to rebind my keys for the keyboard. With no good control layout I've basically given up on this game until they hopefully patch the technical issues.
,Recommended,322520,14695501,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,sasorisasori,"Pros:It's Dynasty Warriors.It's Empires.Cons: Lube Bu OP, pls nerf."
,Recommended,322520,14861805,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,🔥ℋℰℒℒℱℐℛℰ🔥,Yes!
,Recommended,322520,15304675,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,zerix11,"Long ended and can be too easy if difficulty isn't wildly increased. but overall a good game. Customisation, though good, could do with work."
76561198020857807,Recommended,322520,15371612,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,IamP,It's good game.
,Recommended,322520,15384379,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,NorthiuZ,"This one is great, always great. Now like the other Empires version of the Dynasty Warriors we can creat our own image into this game and play along with the fame general of the romance of the three kingdoms.RECOMMENDED FOR FANS!!!Beware: This game might get you wallet lighter from all the DLC it have. lol"
,Recommended,322520,14803993,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dango,"Pretty alright game though I wish it looked better, didn't have so much DLC, and didn't have news updates that were only in Japanese.But other than that it's a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,322520,14945980,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,animalized_,dynamite
76561198220558856,Recommended,322520,15133306,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,chenxu1996128,How do I change it to Chinese?
,Recommended,322520,14698018,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Attrition,Executing so many people that don't want to join me has never been so much fun
76561198175940870,Recommended,322520,22000717,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,18 + + DLC,Must have !!! =peace
,Recommended,322520,22033461,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,PrincessRainbowJumper,I can't even see my kid.
76561198177624479,Recommended,322520,14754932,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,povs2poc1,Amazing
76561198016632723,Recommended,322520,19042564,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,cosmicdrew,"it maybe not that most detailed game and nothing too new DW, but it’s fun. Making your own dudes and kingdom and stories always a good time wish thing were a little more detailed and the ai was harder but good times to be had."
76561197986674427,Not Recommended,322520,31345341,Posted: 24 April,all,LoSboccacc,I loved the Empires series. But this is a console port of the lowest quality and unplayable without a joypad.
76561198061808755,Not Recommended,322520,31917964,Posted: 23 May,all,thedarksun,It's a good game... But don't get it.I'd enjoy this if the controls were easier to map to a keyboard also with out it getting confused when I press buttons at the same time or quickly one after another. Then if you got sick of that like me and went to controller... welll don't bother... You can play it but it's♥♥♥♥♥♥so...Getting a fix isnt worth the hassle.Just... don't buy this for PC if they make a fix or something that'd be nice.Don't but DLC you're being robbed for a few different pixels.I really should have got this for console.
,Recommended,322520,14727641,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Neith,"Dynasty Warriors 8: EmpiresScrumptious hack-n-slash title with addicting strategy elements and a healthy Create-A-Warrior/Army system.For those wondering, what makes DW8:E different than DW8CXL is that the storyline from the latter has been taken out, giving you pure tactic and action.Here, you have Empire mode, which is you choosing different Scenarios (a map of China throughout different timelines and rulers), where you choose which army to serve (or make your own and conquer).  The ultimate goal is to unify China within 5 years (600 turns).  Battles, alliances, negotiations, relationships, lineage... it's all in Empire mode.  Best part is, you can create your own warriors and armies and implement them into this mode!Free Mode is basically you setting up a template for a quick battle to accrue Bonus Points, which is used to unlock certain aspects of Empire mode (weapons, items, strategems, etc).  It's all in your control with Free Mode.  There is no map to conquer, just a battlefield with rules you set up.And lastly, Edit Mode is exactly as it sounds- edit your own warriors, armies, kingdom flags, warhorses and soldiers.  This is where I've sunk most of my time as of right now, just creating armies to implement into a Custom Scenario.  Yup, you can even make your own Scenario to play out, either using pre-existing DW characters, or your very own creations.  This scenario can be played in Empire Mode!  I've made most of the humanoid Gods in their likeness fromSMITE, and it has been a blast seeing Gods on the battlefields.All in all, my time with the Musou franchise has been touch-and-go.  I got addicted to DW8CXL for a weekend, but didn't return.  I played the mess out of Warriors Orochi 3 on Wii U.  I even got into Hyrule Warriors.  But this game...  this is the crown jewel in the DW franchise, in my eyes.  It gives me everything that I love, and then some.TL:DERRR:  Buy this game.  Whether you buy it at full price or wait for a sale, buyDynasty Warriors 8: Empires.  You will not be disappointed.*A note:  the graphics are a little... lacking.  Download and install GemFX.  The game looks way better with it."
,Not Recommended,322520,27934006,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gravanote,Not what I expected. Repeatative and boring. 4/10
,Not Recommended,322520,31771894,Posted: 15 May,all,Campa,"Very buggy, terrible graphics and gameplay. its a little more indepth that samurai warriors because of empire mode. But its still lakcing a lot"
76561198045560846,Recommended,322520,21843857,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,catseye50000,"Ah, Dynasty Warriors.  The only game franchise that makes mashing one button actually fun.I love about the customization - you can literally spend hours making officers, soldiers, armies, etc, etc, etc, and more etc.Sure, it can get repetitive, but welcome to Dynasty Warriors.  I think it's more about ""How many people I can murder before I decide to finish the current missions?""  Sure, it's out there, but now do it with a tiny and skinny little thing with a giant hammer twice your hero's size.  Now it's just over the top.So yeah, action, the killing of literally thousands of enemies, upgrades, and all with the front of ""Running an Empire"" without losing the old Dynasty Warriors feel.I haven't run into any issues with graphics, crashes, slowdowns, etc. and I run the game on max graphics and whatnot.I give it two thumbs up!  No, these thumbs aren't mine - got them from some guy I killed..."
,Recommended,322520,21426820,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,bigscaryben,"Great game!! I'm a super big fan of this series, it's just a real pity that there aren't English dubs - it's quite amusing sometimes to hear them haha"
76561198032600860,Recommended,322520,14698377,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Soloeus,"Pro:On Steam.Good fluid gameplay.Doesn't lag or stall for me.Good Edit Mode options.Con:Not really optimized for PC (lazy port).A lot of DLC for a newly released game.Not an improvement from Empires 7, a bit ""dumbed down"" from Empires 5."
,Recommended,322520,17279309,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,El Caballo de la Noche,"Let's not mince words here.It's dyanasty warriors empires.It's a load of fun if you like the warriors style gameplay, and your actions dermine the rise an fall of your empire(s). Being one of the spin off titles, it has considerably worse graphics in cutscenes than the main installations, and what you get for character interaction is barebones, even by warriors standards.Dang, looks like I did some mincing. Buy it if you like the warriors games. It's a jolly old romp."
76561198139619465,Not Recommended,322520,34892473,Posted: 11 September,all,Heavy_Logic,"Great game. missing one thing. AUTO SAVE!!!!!!!!!! Spend 2 hours playing a came only to come back later and find it all for nothing. Saving in game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Not to mention its hard to even ""Find"" the save key."
,Recommended,322520,14684072,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Knave of Hearts,"It's an EMPIRES title. ON PC... Finally! Oh and it does look better than Dynasty Warriors 8 Complete – though I still wonder, why does my framerate almost double when I am running either of the Dynasty Warriors games on Steam from Windows XP x86, rather than of my usual Windows 7 x64, on the same machine. Microsoft really need to better optimize their broken new ""Vista"" family of systems for the Japanese market, lol. =P"
76561198128699132,Not Recommended,322520,14713924,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,AzureTiger81,"I love the Warriors franchise and have played most of the games. Since I couldn't get this game for my current console, I thought I would go ahead and get the Steam version. The game itself looks really awesome, but the controls are an abomination. Why they had to make the control scheme so far different from console default I don't know, and they make it a roayl pain in the bottom to try and change it to something you may be more familiar with. I'd try using just keyboard, but again changing the configuration is a pain.To make matters worse, this game crashes wose than usual when using a controller, even with graphic settings at their minimum so my laptop can handle it. It glitches so bad I have to log out just to get out of the game, and if you haven't saved every 90 seconds expect to replay missions alot.Now, I'm no tech expert, so disclaimer there, and it is possible I just need better hardware than I have. That doesn't really excuse control option issues, and I've played plenty of comparable games that seem to work just fine. Overall, I really want love this game and if decided I wanted to splurge on better hardware I may still give this a second chance. However, this is has been a horrible experience for me."
76561198046530708,Not Recommended,322520,14879534,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Flysofar,I want to recommend this games but it have so much reason for me to not recommend it1.Graphic this games have bad graphic even compare to it predecessor dynasty warrior 8.2.Gameplay too repetitive and lack element of randomness.3.No tactic or strategy this games may want to be different from dynasty warrior 8 but it was the same you just smash enemy over and over with the same tactic in every fight for the same mission types.4.Cosmetic very lack in customization or you can brought overprice dlc for a few suit and hair.5.Bad button port.Overall this games is not good for it full price I may recommend it if it on 50percent sale.
,Not Recommended,322520,14755975,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MIN,"Hi, so this is my review about DW8:E and why I don't recommend this game.So, where do I start? Ah right, after buying this game and played through multiple walkthroughs, let me tell you about this game first.This game has an expanded edit mode which gives the player total freedom in creating not only your officer, but your horse, units, banners, and soldiers. It is kinda fun at first, but gets boring after half-an hour creating your superhero-character. Sure you can bring your custom officers from edit mode to live the life of an officer in Romance of Three Kingdoms (rotk) period, mingle with them, make friends/enemies, getting married, serving a ruler or create your own army, and have child that would fight alongside with you.There is also the quest system that would allow you to take another officers' personal request and the content is quite variative from escorting a generic officer to assasinating a ruler (I killed Xun Yu once). The quest itself is evolving meaning the more you undertake the same type of quest (ex: assasination) then the harder it can get. If you assasinate a simple official then -> assasinate an officer -> regional lord -> ruler. It gives more fun replayability to the player.But with all of the content above, why am I still disasstified?The answer is simple :The world in DW8:E is a dead worldFrom my playthroughs in this game, one thing is clear, this is not romance of three kingdoms, this is just a world filled with rotk characters that do not know each other and even worse, they do not even know why they are in the game. I played as Cao Cao and I could swear brotherhood with Cao Pi?? I played as Sima Shi and I could marry Zhang Chunhua?? How the hell does this happen?? ofc I know that 'ties' is severed in the empires version (so you could marry/swear an oath with EVERY OTHER characters available) but that is exactly why I don't recommend this game. After your marriage and brother hood oath, the game just feels 'empty'. The cutscenes really is lacking and don't mean anything. Furthermore, the ENDING is really a bad joke. You literally had 3 simple flashbacks from the cutscenes you have watched earlier (which wasn't even meaningful) and then you watch sunsets together with your officers with some white birds flying above your head. Then, you have the honor of saving your basically meaningless timeline to your game and Ta-Da!!! end of the game, please start another game so you can watch the bad joke ending again. :))I have played the Dynasty Warriors 4 and 5 empires spin-off although I skipped dynasty warriors 6 and 7. From my experience, I enjoyed playing those 2 games much more compared to DW8:E. I still remember playing DW4:E and there was really a lot of events from the characters. I remember playing as Cao Cao army and there was a special conversation that happened between Cao Cao and Xiahou Dun. I got the ending that showed life after unification of the land with my officers that I recruited personally. In DW5:E, it was even better and you could even get the original movies if you followed the story which kinds like reward the players. The ending was satisfactory also and you need to replay it multiple times in order to get different kind of endings. I was motivated to replay the game just to get and watch the different endings and movies that I hadn't gotten yet.In this game however, I feel so 'empty' after beating the game. The urge to replay the game again is non-existant. I feel like whenever I want to play again, I am confused because I knew there would be no satisfying reward for my efforts to beat the game. The officers I recruited is just standing there and bowed his/her head like a mindless robot. The events/cutscenes are pretty much meaningless after 2 or more replays, and that's it! That is all about DW8:E. I feel quite disappointed as this game really promised much, but lacks the necessary thing to make the world of three-kingdoms really interesting compared to the earlier empire spin-off in DW4 and DW5.SummaryAlthough the edit mode and the contents from DW8:E is promising, the game failed to generate interest for me to replay the game after 2 or more playthrough. You basically could understand EVERYTHING the game has to offer just by replaying twice in any scenario. The lack of meaning behind the cutscenes and the endings doesn't contribute either."
,Not Recommended,322520,22155991,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Hospital Soap Opera,This is Koei TecmoEnough said
,Recommended,322520,18192009,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,WarriorAngel36,"I absolutaly LOVE this game in the series so far (from all Empire games). I love the PC Version as well as the PS3 Version... cannot wait to get the Vita version next (for more ""on the go"" access amnd fun :3). I never get bored of it!Still need the DLC stuff haha :PTotally recommended to those who love Dynasty Warriors, Making your own characters... and claiming lands and kindoms! Very fun to play with friends as well ^^"
76561198041719818,Recommended,322520,22965732,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Tom Senpai,Pls dont mind other negative review .. those people used to play on the controller n not getting use to the game if play on PC .. now i always played DW series with my controller so i got used to it .. it rather easy if u spend some times n u will get a  hang of it .. now now now about the game .. ONLY the gameplay .. the combat r good ..  but if u looking for the story then this game is not for u .. cause there is nooooo storyline here xD NO STORYLINE ... i played for more than 300hrs because of the gameplay .. the combat from each character n i created some awesome n stunning character n eventually i fall in love with those character i create so .. i just kept on playing ..
76561198031613596,Recommended,322520,26553969,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mr potatohead,fantastic!!!!!!
76561198126208675,Recommended,322520,21835270,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Le'Tall Harambe,Ever wanted to be a COOL chinaman/women warrior?then this game is for u!!!
,Recommended,322520,26716316,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,thernz,"This is probably one of the more unpolished Empires titles, but:-One time I saw a tower (built by a stratagem) floating in the airSo it's good, imo."
76561198276582257,Recommended,322520,30589418,Posted: 18 March,all,HiddenHero,Good punchbag
76561198043103248,Recommended,322520,33585996,Posted: 16 July,all,Khan Ackhar,I always wanted to rule China as Hitler. Custom Scenarios are the best.
76561198042356286,Not Recommended,322520,14713935,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,craigpriestley,"What the hell is this, I played so much DW 4 and 5 on the PS2 and I feel as thought I just got mugged on a street corner, If this terrible PC port was £10-15 I would understand that its last generation graphics, gameplay and quality and then I wouldn't be dissapointed.To see this as a £40.00 title is just sickening. I see the Koei logo and I know what to expect from a game but now I see Koei  and I'm going to think to myself: well I'm a PC gamer now so goodbye Koei.Please don't spend your money on this. I've never been more dissapointed in a game before and that's the truth."
76561198111671587,Not Recommended,322520,26713502,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,sleepzvz,"This review is strictly for Two Player local coop aka Splitscreen DO NOT get this game and trust me that's hard to say considering I love this series as much as I do - my brother and I recently picked this up to do some good old school bonding over hacking our way together through all of China to dominate everything...what actually wound up happening is we both made our characters, our unit, debated banners and colors for everything for a whole thirty minutes before getting the ball rolling only to find out P2 is forced to use keyboard and mouse in this one...who the heck plays any DW game like that? WHY would they make the PC version not support multiple contollers!? - still kinda livid over that considering our set up doesn't really work for this sense in order to pull this off P2 would block P1's view of the screen, I had to actually request a refund considering the whole reason I bought this was to game with him after a few years...disappointing to no end :/"
,Not Recommended,322520,18376169,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Wrathzog,"Super cheap port.  Like if you're using a controller, confirm is Circle and cancel is X.  Come on, this is America.Textures are pretty low rez too.Cannot recommend unless you're a super fan of the series and just can't be arsed to buy it on console for whatever reason."
,Recommended,322520,33116885,Posted: 1 July,all,Ruthless Kings,Nice Hack&Slash Game
76561198002983661,Not Recommended,322520,15661001,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,henrikzar,The graphics are worse than PS2 and the game does not feel like a DW game. Not worth the full price.
76561198087423067,Not Recommended,322520,15353369,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,BastardBlade,This game just doesn't run with headphones on... seriously. WTF.I expected a better game considering the price tag.
76561198047125082,Recommended,322520,19902515,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Shaunn,awesome game i have played most of empire and dynasty warriors and this his one of the best i find... i seriously dont understand why its a mixed review its way better the ai finaly fight u dont have to run avrywhere  u can count on your officers.i dont say its perfect it has is bugs but notin gamebreaking bugs and there is not alot...the costumisation is way better then all of them there is a ton of constume and weapon to chose from.you dont neet the dlc to have fun beside the dlc are just armor and stuff like that.there is plenty already to chose from from the start.i recommend this game as it stand i put 37 hours in just 3 days of playing.buy it if u like that kind of game u wont regret it and by supporting them they will make it even beter the next one hopefully :)i hope this review help you chosehope u have fun and oh yes u can download map that people did and there is plenty of it...
,Recommended,322520,14701512,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Wow Such Aim Much Shoot Wow,It's great to fight aside He Man in the battlefield
76561198075539290,Recommended,322520,14909117,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kuro Ayakashi,"Now that's what I call a bunch of milk drinkers, I have faced the so called ""MIGHTY""Lu Bu at first I was all like ""What's a milk drinker like you doing out here? Go home to your mother"", he proceeded to ""TRY"" to attack me but he waited so long after each at it seemed he had rockjoint or brainrot so i kindly put him out of his misery then I realised all these milk drinkers do more watching than ""FIGHTING"" so as the brave true dovakhin of the three kingdoms i said to myself i will solo everything chaos mode maybe maybe they will provide me a challenge, at this point it got so dull battles just took long still managed to conquer the entire land after a long boring battles, my newphew came over and he started playing it he enjoyed then i realised this is a game of milker drinkers.Verdict12/10 milk drinkers would play milk drinker warriors againP.s i want a refund *-*"
,Not Recommended,322520,35028345,Posted: 17 September,all,General Fisto,This game is just awful on computer. This might be the most lazy port from console I've ever played. Its neigh impossible to use a mouse with keyboard much less be able to use a controller. The studio should be ashamed of themselves.I love the console version for the record.
,Recommended,322520,30612296,Posted: 19 March,all,XeeX,Good
,Not Recommended,322520,14702494,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jesus H Christ,no english dub. $100+ for DLC
76561198023990941,Not Recommended,322520,15174125,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Solus White,"Getting a refund.There's no english dub, this ruins games for me when I have to watch subtitles.Apparently having a Nvidia card screws some parts of the game up too from what I am told (custom officers that can't be seen while being created).And finally no 1824x1026 resolution.To much wrong for £40 in my oppinion... which is a shame 'cause I loved the empires games... but no english dub completely ruins it for me, the other stuff is just to top it off =/-1/10"
,Not Recommended,322520,28572270,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Nova,its ok
,Not Recommended,322520,28971013,Posted: 3 January,all,NIKA SOMI,"is it just me or another have the same problem?mine wont launch, everytime i start the game it said stopped working then return to desktopi mean what happened here? i try uninstall the game and installed again but the ""stopped wroking"" still comes"
76561198287544221,Not Recommended,322520,25596900,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Arrow2theknee,"spent 1 hour 45 mins enjoying creating officers/soldiers starting an empire ...then played for 2 mins and realised the controller support was poor, looks exellent if you enjoy the keyboard but if your a controller player like myself this is not for you."
76561198032830266,Not Recommended,322520,16521391,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,jerzee333,Do not buy!
76561198035961381,Recommended,322520,27731718,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Khaoz Reaper,fun
76561198253750949,Not Recommended,322520,32653372,Posted: 22 June,all,Lucifer Morningstar,"To start off,I am a big fan of Dynasty Warriors and this is my first Empire game I have ever played before.This game needed more,it seems its missing a lot. Even I been playing a long time and I can't go back to it anymore.If your a fan,just buy dynasty warriors 8 xtreme legends complete edition. That game is worth more of your time."
76561198049470725,Recommended,322520,19245164,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Solbouras,Made a character. Joined a kingdom. Married rulers daughter. Over threw father-inlaw with my wife. Killed father-inlaw.11/10. Would kill inlaws again.
,Not Recommended,322520,14720474,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Sonlan,no multiplayer GG.
,Not Recommended,322520,24643166,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lycion Streyder,Not a very good port..
76561198102874620,Not Recommended,322520,25382426,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Wolfie,On edit mode i cant create characters because they aren't there. This is a game breaking glitch and i hope that they fix it sometime soon
,Recommended,322520,14675438,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Emilia,I will create an empire full of waifus!
85185209311420851,Recommended,322520,14717840,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Vermilion,"I would make the same ""Did this thing, 10/10 would _____ again, ______ simulator 20xx"" stupid ♥♥♥♥ing Steam review joke everybody and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mothers are making on every game ever made, but I'm not an insufferable ponce.It's Dynasty Warriors. It's on PC, so it runs smooth.Icons can be misleading if you don't know which buttons do what. The game does not feature gamepad icons, though it is gamepad compatible. Xbox 360 controller fans rejoice. Instead, you get pictures of the space bar, or a rectangle with a sword icon in it, which evidently means something?There are some odd little changes (or non-changes, really) between this and the versions available for consoles. For example, controls are almost identical to the PS3 version that I also have, except with the extremely Japanese tradition of making what would be the circle button the ""accept"" option, and what would be the x button the ""go back"" option, which is completely the opposite of what our Western brains expect it to be. That's really confusing at first, as it always is.There doesn't seem to be arbitrary resolution support. I can't make the game render in anything higher than 1080p. Not a huge deal, but given the lack of any anti-aliasing option, the ability to downscale would have been nice, since forcing anti-aliasing through the Nvidia control panel will render you unable to see character previews.Gameplay is exactly what you'd expect if you're familiar with the series (and/or past Empires iterations), but in case you're not, Dynasty Warriors is a hack-and-slash staple. You're a legendary Chinese historical figure (the Dynasty Warriors series is based on the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, which is itself based roughly on Chinese history), and it's your job to sway battles by dropping rival soldiers by the thousands.You do this through the square fast attacks (or x), and the triangle power attacks (or Y), along with the circle (or B) button for musou (see: special) attacks. Through a combination of moves (six regular attacks, and one special power attack, ex: x - y, x - x - y, x - x - x - y, and so forth, you will decimate your enemies. The gameplay will certainly be repetitive, but if you're like me and the simple, brainless gameplay appeals to you, then fantastic.On easier difficulties, up to normal, feel free to charge ahead and kill everyone. On higher difficulties, use of strategems (from healing to rains of arrows), along with being sure to maintain a position on the frontline but not trapped alone in a base for instance, will be necessary to not die.Of course, my favorite part of Dynasty Warriors is the characters and story. The  story may only change slightly with each new installment, offering more characters and slightly retooled narratives, but the characters themselves are fantastic. They're all unique and entertaining, each with their own personalities, though their relationships with each other aren't really a big part of this game. If you want that, you'll need to play the regular Dynasty Warriors 8: Complete Edition.See, this game is all about building your own empire, either as a canon officer, a generic officer, or as your own created avatar, which let's be honest, is the best part. Now I can tear through China as my own self-insert character. The feature I was most looking forward to was having babies with mai DW waifus. What's not to love about that? Zhang Chuhua + Lianshi best girls total waifu tierIf you like Dynasty Warriors for the gameplay or want to create your own officers, then you'll like this. If you like it for the stories, you're better off sticking with the Complete Edition release."
76561198076416743,Recommended,322520,14672068,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,(づ￣ ³￣)づ,ProMidless Hack n SlashConToo mindlessps. Pirate warrior 3 is coming
76561198096508538,Not Recommended,322520,26468249,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gartzak,this game does not look as good as i thought it was
76561198032226564,Not Recommended,322520,14729315,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,K-RAFF,This game blows for PC. Period.
,Not Recommended,322520,23940192,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,A Rejected Fox,NEEDS ENGLISH GOD!
76561198335769641,Not Recommended,322520,32719842,Posted: 24 June,all,Mario,Why the character image inside the game does not appear
,Recommended,322520,29582498,Posted: 30 January,all,remps,kinda fine
,Recommended,322520,14672197,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,black guy,asian genocide simulator
76561198062411416,Not Recommended,322520,29212949,Posted: 12 January,all,Lord Dynal,"Controlling anything is impossible. From the menu to the game itself there is nothing that isn't clunky or annoying. Everything uses only the keyboard and mouse, or if you're fighting a controller, but the way they have it makes me wish I had never baught it. This game is much better on a console type system, and just flat stupid on computer."
76561198049855229,Not Recommended,322520,33206757,Posted: 3 July,all,sowleman,"As a longtime fan of the Romance series and having played a few DW, DWE and DWX titles and picked up DWX8 also..i find this title..water garbage. The strategy side is bland but also peppered with silly cutscenes. As i play..it feels like im eating pepper.  The combat side is bland but also salted with baby farts. Little salty baby farts.  Why combine two series but take away all the fun? Stop making me eat baby farts"
76561198109333936,Not Recommended,322520,29155468,Posted: 9 January,all,youngpimpined,Had it and requested a refund. Controller support should be supported from the jump. I understand people use keyboard and mouse but im not that guy so i dont need your 2 cent. If you were originally a console gamer and moved to pc because of performance but still use a controller avoid this game. I kinda see now why console gamers hate pc gamers....snobs who believe everyone should use a keyboard and if you arent youre commiting a sin. Ill receive a bunch of thumbs down but o well.If you are using a controller i hope i saved you time and money.None of the games with a stamp by Koei properly support xbox 1 controllers.
,Recommended,322520,26166244,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Darkening Demise,"Its the only Empires game on PC, and its not that good. They took away too much that made Empires enjoyable. It's also teh PS3 version and not PS4 version which means low FPS and dated visuals. Plus Tecmo Koei is not well known for their PC ports so it has its ups and downs along with....'questionable' PC controls. Get a gamepad. I do receommend it though if you're looking to play a Empires it comes with some nice new features such as Soldier Edit, Horse Edit, Banner Edit, and more. Which helps make things more personal."
76561197990872766,Recommended,322520,26423455,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Loser_Slade,"There are a lot of caviates to recommending this game.  It's not that it's bad, it's that you should be well aware of what you are getting in to first.  My experience was, honestly, relatively limited with Musou style games.  I had played the Dynasty Warriors Gundam games, as well as the Dragon Quest Heroes, and had enjoyed those to varying degrees.  I did enjoy this game, but there are many things that someone should be aware of before even thinking of getting this game.Firstly, it's a Dynasty Warriors game.  If you don't enjoy capturing points by killing hundreds of enemy soldiers armoured in papier mache then this is not the game for use.  It's basic strategy and some reasonably simply gameplay.  There is a little complexity, but it's not game changing to go deeper into the mechanics.  The campaign has a little more too it than just mowing down mooks, as it also has empire building and subterfuge aspects.  If you don't think you can have fun building a kindom in ancient China by killing large swathes of near harmless armies, then you just might want to look elsewhere.The nice thing about this particular game, being part of the Empires series, is that it allows you to make your own character to conquer China as you want.  There are a lot of parts and face customization options, and a few body options as well.  If you are worried about how many characters you can make, there are A LOT of slots for custom characters.  You may wonder why until you find out that any character you make can appear randomly in your campaign mode games.It goes beyond characters, though; you can construct your own custom starting kingdom, to an extent.  You can create and add the officers, as well as what your banner, soldiers, and horses look like.The game kinda needs a controller to play, but support is a little flakey.  I had trouble with my PS2->USB controller, even after I tried a XBox 360 controller mapper.  It would crash when trying to remap buttons, so I swapped to a PS3 controller, and everything worked fine.Graphically, this game is a little wonky.  I wasn't expecting a Rembrant, just consitency.  Some textures are fine, while others are extremely low quality.  This pops out in some of the cutscenes, where closeups of objects allows you to see all the places they cut corners.  It's not as apparent or distracting during actual gameplay, though there are wierd LoD issues with enemies too close to the camera.There is nothing earth shattering about this game and many will be upset at the porting job, since they would have preferred the PS4 version.  Still, if you can get it for a reasonable price (I bought it on super sale, myself) and you can live with all the things mentionned above, then take the plunge.  Otherwise, it's not a must have, and there are surely better entries in the series to start with that people with better franchise experience can recommend."
76561198064505901,Recommended,322520,25907122,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Meu OvO Gourmet,"Pretty much your usual Dynasty Warriors game. However, unlike his predecessor, you can customize many things like maps, units, characters and even mounts. Problem is, the basic customization tools are pretty limited and the DLCs for more of those is way too expensive for the little it gives. Not a whole lot of game modes, but it is good overall. I recommend if you're buying on sale(at least 50%), not full price though."
,Recommended,322520,26374995,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,GamingChocobro,Ok.. there are a few things with this..1: I LOVE THE GAME.. When I was able to play it with my controller.. which leads me to the second thing2: If you have a controller.. GOOD LUCK TRYING TO GET IT TO WORK..  Yes i have put hours into this game.. but that was when the controller wanted to work.. and it doesnt want to work.. looked at lots of guides and nothing helped from them.. So if you get this game.. good luck getting it to work with a controller
76561198055641663,Recommended,322520,30896734,Posted: 2 April,all,Yea idk dude,"I give this game a 7/10.It's a rather fun game but not much has changed from previous Dynasty Warriors games. The gameplay is exactly what you'd come to expect from the series at this point and I'd say for most people it can get pretty dull after a while.However, with the obbvious downsides of this game I do enjoy the whole conquest aspect the Empires brings to the table. I haven't played an Empires since Dynasty Warriors 6 and I'm not a big fan of strategy games but, I do find myself getting engaged with either making my own kingdom or taking someone else's over. I get excited about taking in more territory and seeing custom officers of your own, and other people.I'd reccomend this game to any Dynasty Warriors fans but, for newcomers to the series I'd point them to something like Xtreme Legends first."
76561198015110704,Recommended,322520,25358532,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lone Shepherd,it's pretty good
76561198061671896,Recommended,322520,25617321,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Cazorith,Ive always been a fan of the games espescially the empires versions because of the character creation. The only down side i had was the controller issue but after a few rounds and going through the settings and controls you figure out the keyboard controls and get right back to the game. If you like hack and slash combat and character creation this is a great game to have.
,Recommended,322520,25743195,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Riles per hour,Love the series but ♥♥♥♥ me be easier on the pricing of your games KOEI
76561198058618832,Recommended,322520,15331681,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Nightwolf,"Dynasty Warriors 8 Empires is a solid entry in the series by Koei. The gameplay and stategy phase menus are streamlined for the most part. The option to pick you BGM for battle is a nice touch. The game also works fine with a Xbox 360 controller.I wish DW8E had an English dub. It is difficult to fight on the battlefield and watch subtitles of what officers are saying on the screen at the same time. Also, this game is poorly optimized for PC. When playing with the Xbox 360 controller, the game shows button prompts for the keyboard.Overall, DW8E is a good game."
76561198061823042,Recommended,322520,26216182,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RaZyAnX,Im facing problems with the game... opening scene has audio but when i enter to the game menu onwards theres no audio at all... Would really love some help and feedbacks and ways to overcome this issue!!
,Recommended,322520,30881107,Posted: 1 April,all,Ritsutama,"Good game, the empires one is the besti ship a lot liu bei and sun shang xiangplay it, its worthed"
,Recommended,322520,28273939,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Juicy Thunder Liker,"I mean if you like Dynasty Warriors but you want to set your own goals, this is the game to play. I made a really pretty accurate Guy Fieri as a hero."
76561198024937405,Recommended,322520,28095511,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Toothpayste,"It's not a hard game, but I definitely enjoy it. Empires is the best version of this game IMO, and empires 8 is definitely one of the better ones out there. Only real grievance is the lack of controller support and online functionality, but if you're fond of singleplayer experiences, hack 'n' slash, and strategy, I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,322520,28444732,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mr. Green,"Good game and well made, and have only encountered one bug so far. However the game sems a bit short and repetitive and the tutorial is kinda unhelpfuld in how to do stuff. So in short good game, bit on the short side in length and options, would recommend only when not at fuld price."
76561198202023932,Recommended,322520,28304966,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Not Lautrec Of Carim,Game is good and has  tons to offer the playerHowever that being said the game does have its many flaws.. Allow me to list these flaws below1) Xbox and Ps controllers struggle to work in this game and will take the player doing trial and error to get working correctly2) Constantly crashes - I dont know how many times i come close to unifying china and then the game randomly crashesI've learned to save often due to this3) Dlcs are overpriced and offer very little4) Not many ingame events - about as many as DWE5 had5) Downloaded characters and randomly appearing characters seem to break often and load in as abominations [ Brings a tear to the eye ]6) after you've beat the game on chaos and seen most the ingame events it loses all attractionIf you dont mind any of the above flaws it is a good game overall but.. I wouldn't pay fullprice for a game that hasn't truly updated mechanically since its 5th Empire release
76561198081810871,Not Recommended,322520,28724050,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KainAbyss,"A really bad port, mainly a controller issue, even if you map your controller in the option menu they will still ask you to press Tab or space at some points in the game, wich can be annoying. In game they'll tell you to press ""Joy3"" or stuff like that instead of the usual 360 buttons, you gonna have to memorize them if you plan to play a lot.And don't buy that game at full price, i got it on a holliday sale for 20$ and that's the maximum money someone should pay for it.Otherwise it's a fun DW with the empires gameplay, officer creation and stuff, i just wish i could fully enjoy it with a real controller support, and i don't think they care enough to patch it. I think it's the first time i say this but if you can grab it on consoles instead, do it."
76561198024161117,Recommended,322520,31062562,Posted: 10 April,all,motav99,decent port for me. DLC is massively overpriced imo. burns time. hope the next DWE has a lot of improvements.
