user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198120854749,Recommended,322680,32484765,Posted: 16 June,all,Therress,"BLACKHOLE is an adventure which hasn't been there for a long time. You could say that it is really simple game - and at the first view it is. But if you fall deeper in the game, you will be trap inside unbelievable ride and you will see what word ""hard"" really means. You will want to come to the end because you will want to know how the whole story ends because the story is just perfect!If you are looking for a challenge and game with perfect story, this game is excatly what you want play!"
76561198006468105,Recommended,322680,20300449,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,God,"I had to switch to something more casual, so I went play Dark Souls."
,Recommended,322680,15424909,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Skeptical Minotaur,"Pros- The art direction is fantastic. The developer knew what they wanted and ran with it.- The music is fantastic. Just like the art the developer knew what they wanted and executed it with perfection.- While a bit fuzzy in parts of the game, the controls are pretty tight.- The voice acting is really good for a indie title.Neutral- The game is hard. Really hard. Be prepared for a ton of restarts, retries, and frustration. This will either sell the game for you or make you pass on it.Cons- The storytelling is really weak. Very little of what is going on is explained properly.- Finding hidden items is required to get backstory and a decent understanding of what is going on.- This game is bogged down with needless dialogue. The voice acting is great, however the majority of the speaking lines are not needed. (I'm looking at you Ariel....)- The humor tries too hard to be funny.Since Steam doesn't allow a neutral recommendation, I have to lean this recomendations to ""Buy It"". The artwork and music are fantastic to look at and to listen to. The story is very weak and drowned out by massive amounts of dialogue that don't move the plot forward at all. Don't expect compelling reasons for character actions or an explanation on what is going on.The difficulty curve of the game ramps up to 11 very early on in the game and never lets up. The game isn't hard because of bad controls or bad gameplay decisions, the puzzles are legitimitly challenging and precision is the name of the game with the levels. Odds of ragequitting out of frustration are high for later levels.Your decision to buy this game rests solely on your tolerance for brutally hard games. If you don't mind tons of restarts and very tough puzzles then pick up this game. You will get your monies worth. However if your tolerance for that style of gameplay is low, I would highly suggest passing for another puzzle platformer.You can see my full review here:http://www.skepticalminotaurgames.com/blackhole"
76561198004565666,Recommended,322680,33145511,Posted: 2 July,all,brickey.8,"If you're used to gravity-based puzzle platformers wasting your time with easy puzzles and busywork for half the game, good news! This game doesn't do that. Both the puzzle and platforming aspects are hard almost from the word go, and keep being hard in almost every level. And both the puzzles and the platforming challenges are quite well-designed.So I recommend this game on the merit of strong level design. But there are some flaws that drag it down a little:1. It falls into the classic trap of requiring you to do way too much in one go. The puzzle levels would have benefitted from checkpoints, or from tracking each collectable separately (instead of having to grab them all in one go).2. The physics when you change gravity while moving fast are unintuitive and hard to control, and the water mechanics are intentionally harder to control than they needed to be. Both are utilized in some puzzle solutions so it's hard to ignore them.3. It never tells you that holding down the ""show objectives"" button lets you move the camera, so I made it very far into the game without realizing there were camera controls (and being frustrated by how much I needed it).4. Fast-travel to the ship seems to be only one-way (the dialog when you got it sounded like it was supposed to be two-way, but it isn't). Minor but annoying.If you're willing to overlook those things, the level design in this game is worth the purchase."
76561198051084556,Recommended,322680,22663633,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,HardPenguin,"A piece of a solid, challenging platformer with a surprisingly good story that reminds me a bit of Waking Mars and VVVVVV. I think it is absolutely lovely, I enjoyed the narration as well as the arcade + puzzle gameplay that introduces new elements with each stage. Platforming in BLACKHOLE reminds me a bit of Spelunky or even 1001 Spikes - it rewards gaming skill. This is the kind of indie that I am always willing to support!"
,Recommended,322680,20665462,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,FanCricket001,"Po dohraní Dark Souls II som si oddychol so slovami: ,,HardCore už nikdy viac!,, No potom sa zjavilo BLACKHOLE - česká hra ktorá už v traileroch vyzerala veľmi sľubne. Prekvapením je ako vynikajúci soundtrack, tak dabing - YouTuberi! Hru, v ktorej zachraňujete YouTuberov, som ešte nehral. Pri každej záchrane som strácal nervy, ale predsa len - MUSíM ZACHRANIT TOHO YOUTUBERA!!! Taktiež grafické prevedenie hry je len na chválu, level dizajn taktiež a hlavne... otáčanie gravitácie! Táto hra skrátka nemá chybu: pri tejto hre sa oplatí zapnúť zapnúť si nahrávanie - pretože nielen ja, ale mnohí z Vás sa budú po dohraní hry určite zabávať na svojich ragequitoch. Hru môžem len doporučiť!+ level dizajn+ dabing - YouTuberi+ princíp otáčania gravitácie+ soundtrack"
76561198074310452,Recommended,322680,14917043,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,_H_,Nice soundtrack and graphics as well as great level design and a funny story. Most importantly everything fits together really well.If you like challenging puzzles and/or platformers -> recommended.Conclusion: One of the best games I've ever played.
76561198020479238,Recommended,322680,14701419,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Plebeian Bob,"This might be the best game I hate this year.Don't want to read this wall of text? Check out my review in video form!(Alsosubscribeif you'd like to see more!)Pros:_Beautiful: Man, the game looks good. Colorful, and reminds me of something like Braid. Tha's a very good thing._Controls well: Jumping and platforming feels terrific. Period._Very, very, VERY interesting mechanics: The gravity changing system that is used for both traversal and puzzle solving is really really cool. Mind-bending and challenging._Good music too._Also, good voice acting.Cons:_TERRIBLE WRITING! This might be the thing that make you not pick up the game. The writing is awful. It's bad. It's terrible. It's the worst kind of terrible, because it's terrible but it THINKS it's really clever. It's not funny or interesting. It's annoying, full of misplaced snark and sarcasm. This feels like it was written by someone who has never spoken English before and got their sense of humor from watching a single episode of Family Guy. On top of that...._Long cutscenes: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game wants me to hate it. The cutscenes are really bad, and the first ten minutes of the game is litterally just ten minutes worth of cutscenes with a few seconds of gameplay in between. When it's not in the cutscene, it's constantly taking control away from me just so it can make a snarky statement about the environment. Just shut up! I just want it to shut up and let me play!This game will be for you if:_You skip all of the cutscenes and dialogues._You like puzzle platformer with a really interesting mechanic._You like pretty game with good music and terrific (albeit wasted) voice talents._You actually like the game's sense of humor. Hey, I won't judge.Is it worth $15? Yes, if you skip the entire storyline and just focus on the gameplay. Also, yes, if you like the storyline. Absolutely not if you're looking for good writing. Go play a Tim Schaffer game instead.I will give this game a very tentative recommendation just due to its gameplay alone. But man, I hate this game. I wish I didn't, but I do.Ugh, I swear to Christ, Auriel, if you don't shut your goddamn mouth...Shameless plugs time! Did you like my review? I do more than just that. I also have a YouTube channel where i do Let's Play as well as more reviews like these, but in video form. Come check it outhere. My channel is small right now, but I play on making it a regular thing, so hit that subscribe button to see more content. Thank you!"
,Recommended,322680,26519813,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,haqqmisra,"Not for the faint of heart. Blackhole ranks among the most challenging and rewarding puzzle platformers I have ever played.This is one of the few indie games with a depth of play on par with classics from the SNES era. If you're like me and you made a beeline for the Special Zone on each replay of Super Mario World, then Blackhole is the game for you.The gameplay provides unique twists on the genre, primarily through the use of gravity platforms that rotate the screen. Each world was clearly designed with care in order to require thoughtful navigation by the player to reach full completion. Although fully completing each level by collecting all of the 'selfburns' can be time consuming (and sometimes frustrating), only one selfburn needs to be obtained to move on to the next level. The open-ended world construction allows return to previous stages at any time, which permits a first-time player to focus on the primary storyline without being bogged down in finding all secrets in sequence.The story-driven aspect of Blackhole also adds to the gameplay by motivating the search for hard-to-reach 'blackboxes' that reveal key plot points. I won't claim that the story is deep, philosophical, or particularly thought-provoking, but it was engaging enough that I felt compelled to obtain all the blackboxes in order. The puzzles are good enough that they could stand alone, but the narration and story arc help to keep the player engaged through to the end. The farcical dialog keeps the story from getting too serious, while a little bit of actual science managed to make its way into the fiction.The graphics provide a smooth and undistracting canvas for the uniquely sculpted landscape, and the music perfectly fits the mood of each level. I also appreciate that the design of the overworld and each level are identical, so that similar types of puzzles exist in both. The free exploration and large world reminds me of (a much better version of) Adventure or the more modern You Have to Win the Game.I also appreciate the length of the game, which took me about 50 hours to obtain all selfburns. Many indie games seem to take only about 10 hours to complete, but Blackhole is a game that keeps on giving. I have not yet found all the collectibles, and I still have the DLC left to explore. Replayability is limited, as most of the fun comes from solving the puzzles, but there's plenty of content in this vast world that I would probably need at least another 20 hours or more to reach 100% game completion.I commend the developers for a job well done. Difficult platformers are hard to come by, but Blackhole nails it exactly."
,Recommended,322680,21928575,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,wheatleyco,The game is very difficult...I enjoyed it for about 3-4 hours.I got my money's worth.It basically involves flipping gravity in all 4 directions and some super deadly traps in order to collect orbs. You need 1 each to cleat the level but there are many more in ridiculously difficult places.Recommended if you enjoy fiendishly difficult puzzle platformers. The level design is superb and it is really well made.
,Recommended,322680,22984150,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ralph Shepard,"Pros - Funny diallogues, quite good story, great soundtrack, various gaming mechanisms (each chapter has its own unique characteristics and special objects (teleports, repulsors,  magnetic walls you can jump from even when they are vertical etc.) meaning that the game is definetly not monotone, and nice graphics.Cons - The legends are true, the game can be extremely difficuilt and irritating, especially in The secret of the entity dlc, fortunately, you don't have to collect all selfburns and there is also an easy mod, which allows you to save recovered selfburns by returning to entrance portal, then go for the others, you won't lose saved ones when you die.Also, the game is cheap, and gameplay is quite long, especially if you suck :-D (Not my case though), the replayability is limited, but some people will definetly enjoy watching the story once again (my case), its definetly worth those 9 dollars/euros (price when I was writing this), even more than that I would say, but thats not up to me to decide the price of the game."
,Recommended,322680,23876830,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Zohaster,"With over 48 hours in game I think it is time for a review.Blackhole is one of the best puzzle-platformers I have played. The mechanics of the game are pretty straight forward though it takes some time to master certain aspects if you are a speed runner.The puzzles start easy but slowly become more complex through the game adding difficulty to the game. There is no puzzle that you won't be able to figure out with time.The graphics are very nice for a 2d platformer. The Soundtrack is amazing and flows with the game.It also has excellent voice acting.The story itself is fun and filled with humor, sarcasm, and more than a few cultural references.All together I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,322680,19760768,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Adrián Daraš,"Blackhole is a 2D platformer where you will give up after some levels. It’s so hard that I gave up and I still don’t know how I could get the “all selfburns” achievement. It started with “it will be easy, it won’t be hard” and I ended up with broken screen with chair on it.The game description says: ""You'll need a lot of coffee to go through this"". Most likely you will need a lot of monitors (or laptops) and chairs.EDIT: Nominated this game."
,Recommended,322680,22466549,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,digivampire,"After 15+ hours invested in this amazing platformer I have finally finished the first playthrough. Man, was it:- Tough! Many of the levels pushed me to my platforming limits, sometimes because of the controls being imprecise (although you get used to them) but more often than not because the game asks you to make a lot of difficult jumps.- Logically challanging/puzzles are well designed. Many of the levels especially later in the game are complete brain twisters. Each new mechanic adds a new dimension (sic) to the complexity. Usually you can squeeze by with a few orbs but collecting them all more often than not requires a much different attack plan on where to go and how to approach the level.- Frustrating! No save points in levels means you will be starting from scratch every time you die (and you will die a lot my counter ended up at 1200 deaths or so). The biggest frustration came from the wall of doom levels, but arm yourself with patience they are doable you just need to slowly progress through deaths to know whats around the corner, and keep track of the whole level in your mind until you master it.- Beautiful. Really digging the art style and the tiling engine here (and especially different worlds) provides a lot of good variety.- Funny! The story is nothing amazing but the way its communicated had me chuckle quite a few times. The lines can be super cheezy but given the setting they are intentionally so and it mostly works. Ariel can be super annoying at times though, you will learn to ignore it until the end :) I did wish for a mute button a few times, but it passed momentarily- Addictive! No matter how many times you die, or you get mad, you will be back. Usually once I got stuck, taking a break and tackling the level fresh allowed me to uncover the path forward. Levels being difficult are extremely rewarding when finished and you will be coming back for more.- Adaptable! There's ""Easy mode"" if you want it, although I really haven't tried it. If the difficulty is too much for you, as I understand, it provides a lot less repetition should you die with save points and gives you a lot more time in racing levels.- Joy to navigate! Next to no backtracking needed due to clever teleportation system in the menus (which are great overall)!- Cross platform! Nuf said.The negatives I have are mostly centered on:- Repelants in the last world and water bouncing. They are super hard to predict if your jumps are going to make it or not, or in what direction you will be flung. I felt like this boosted the difficulty for no good reasons.- Difficulty curve spikes very fast in the first world after level 4-5. More gradual introduction would have appeased less experienced players.- Most mechanics are introduced properly but not all. One example if pushing blocks in the desert, or gaining speed off of ice scating/gravitational shifts to do large jumps. You do discover those on your own but only after a lot of experimenting.- The soundtrack is ok, I love the main theme, but it seems prevelant in every song in different flavors and as such gets a bit dull over time.My initial experience was little shaky, but the more I played the game more I really enjoyed it. Give it a go if you like difficult puzzle platformers I doubt you will want to miss this masterpiece.9/10"
,Not Recommended,322680,26185753,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,karl.astrom,"I once epilated my scrotum using a pair of tweezers. That experience was at once less painful, less tedious and more rewarding than playing this game. This game literally made me feel like self harming.Let me clarify that last bit. I don't mean that this game made me feel like I needed to self harm.Playing this game felt like I _was_ self harming. The same repeated piece of map over and over and over until you manage to figure out that one exact button timing and then you die and have to repeat it over and over again every single step.At no point did the challenges feel like fun. They felt like a chore. From start to as far as I got. (Some avalanche map)I rather early realized that I would have to try to finish this game in one run because if I put it down there's no chance I'm picking it up again. But finally having pushed through the same 90 seconds of the map for the hundreth time because I missed some precise button timing at some point I gave up. Normally at this point I'd go look up a playthrough so I'd find out how the game finished but I honestly don't care.If you for some reason feel like this is the game for you I would suggest trying to figure out what's really wrong with your life."
,Recommended,322680,21187706,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,giancarlo1985,"What can I say? This is an awesome platformer. I bought it some time ago, and knowing me I forgot I even had it. I was looking through my list and tried it out... I wish I started it much sooner. The graphics are cool and well rendered... the music is very fitting for the theme. And Auriel (Ship's AI)... well, I'll let you make your own judgment. Sometimes she'll say something that makes you want to rip your hair out. Annoying? Well I guess that's the point!And coffee... well is everything.I highly recommend this game. I wouldn't break a monitor over it though lol... still I understand how frustrating it can be."
76561198040328136,Recommended,322680,31498405,Posted: 1 May,all,KEBLAOMEGA,"This game is terrific!It incorporates the best elements of challenging platformers (Super Meat Boy) and puzzle platformers (Braid), all while feeling well-polished, fresh, and never boring. It'll be a fair challenge for most players just to beat the game; a challenge for hardcore platformer-enthusiasts to get 100%; and a challenge for even the most masochistic players to 100% the DLC post-game levels.Highly recommended!"
76561198031046503,Recommended,322680,20733956,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Black Virtue,"Beautiful Puzzle Platformer, remeniscent of Braid in it's mind bending puzzles and physics distortion."
,Recommended,322680,19282820,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ГЛЕБ : ZOO,Too much hard for me :D10/10
,Recommended,322680,19636053,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Kissaki,"Great story and presentation,good mechanics."
76561198098565305,Recommended,322680,14829342,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MoeChopper,"This is a great game, I see what the developers did there with the ""black box"" around the game area, yes we are the testers :P, a great game to be testing in fact, they engage us in the discussion too when we have some doubt!"
76561197970062726,Recommended,322680,14702773,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Meurtrier,"I've never fully explored hardcore platformers, but this game has challenged me in ways I never knew possible.  The voice acting is quirky and fun and I'm still amazed at how I'll find very simple solutions to levels that I spent hours trying to figure out, only to realize I was approaching it wrong.  If you love dying over and over again in a level to eventually succeed, you'll fully appreciate this game.EDIT to add some Pros/Cons:Pro:  Funny dialogue; challenging puzzles; fairly tight controls.Con:  Some English subtitles don't fully match what the audio is saying (not a big deal, though); Plays best with a controller (which might be a turn-off for some people); Dialogue can sometimes play multiple times in a level, which can get repetitive."
76561198063522281,Recommended,322680,29417216,Posted: 22 January,all,Ravoria,"Puzzle platformer that uses the good old gravity switch mechanic to pack tons of content into small areas (or to hide lots of content in large areas). Gameplay comes in 2 flavors: small discrete puzzle levels that you'll have to get intimately familiar with to plunder completely, and ""run from the lava"" esque sequences where you'll have to memorize the layout for some precise moves as it kills you over and over again. In general, the game is totally unafraid to kill you, but you just instantly respawn in a Super Meat Boy fashion. This might be a turnoff for some because the controls aren't quite precise enough to warrant the level of precision the game sometimes expects, but you do get to try again in 2 seconds anyway. If anything's a dealbreaker it'll be that last bit.On a more positive note, the level designs are pretty good and the use of ""biomes"" works pretty well. Each biome has a discrete set of mechanics that don't just accumulate, meaning that, say, there's lava in the first area but the second area relies on deadly grass for a hazard, even though the designers could have easily said ""ok lava does literally everything we need in a hazard it can be everywhere"". Each new biome reimagines the game, so that instead of figuring out obscure interactions between two dozen mechanics, you get to master the interactions between the mechanics that were deemed to belong in a given biome. (This also means that there's a reasonable limit on the number of ice levels, and even though ice was actually used in a smart way unlike most platformers, I appreciate this on principle).All in all not a perfect game (and you may find yourself loudly insisting that during the running segments) but it works and I found it to be one of the more interesting things I've played this year."
76561198041832614,Recommended,322680,26622197,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,🍀Edward 101™,"This is by far the best platformer I've ever seen on Steam.You can change almost everything in this game, likevoiceover-language; key-bindings; amount of story; graphics  and so on.The voiceover acting is marvellous (english).Music and sounds are well performed.The game is full of humor and biting sarcasm.+ In game leaderboards.10/ 10"
,Recommended,322680,20378519,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sir Danoslav I. | Q |,Best Game Ever ... hey I love hard games and i love games with good story .... this game is impossible and have story that i want to read in book version. Really guys BUY this game because this is one of best game i ever played ...
