user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,322780,32046215,Posted: 29 May,all,BLAGGLETOAD,"I have owned this game for 4 days, and played over 50 hours.Same goes for the 3 others in my crew.There really isn't a way to describe this game until you play it.So...here's a short story of the first event that got us hooked big time.A crew member and I were swinging from the bottom of an island grabbing gas and ore to fix up our airship and take off to a closeby island, when we heard another engine in the distance. They seemed civil enough, avoiding our area and just shouting ""HELLO!"" as they passed by.. when suddenly, the screen started to rumble and lightning shot across the sky.(In Worlds Adrift, when there is a sudden localized storm, that means that all the chests and nodes have respawned on the island.)We looked up and the ship had switched trajectories and was headed for our landing site. A few moments later we spotted a guy swinging below the island with us shooting to try and stop us from getting back up to the surface while his buddies scoured for treasure. Meanwhile, they had one more crew member on the ship barraging our ship with cannons.We all scrambled back to our ship and manned our cannons (we had 4) and let loose on their ship. It seemed that they had no idea what to do, so they all ran back, jumped on their cannons and shot back. After a 30 second firefight, one of our cannons clipped their left sail and abruptly sent their ship spinning where it clipped a tree and got caught, taking out their engines as well. As they tried desperately to repair the sails and get their ship loose, one of our crew members hopped off our ship and snapped the tree with his salvage tool...and their ship (with their respawn beacons attached) tumbled into the abyss. We hunted down the remaining members, and they were forced to spawn far far away, while we calmly finished looting the island of its riches.One of the coolest feelings I've ever had as a gamer.When they allow people to purchase once again, BUY THIS GAME.Worth every damn penny."
,Not Recommended,322780,32002544,Posted: 27 May,all,Ryuujin,"tl;dr: A beautiful game that is ruined by other people.I spent over a month as an Alpha tester for Worlds adrift. It was a beautiful, relaxing game, designing airships, gathering resources from the ancient, shattered remains of a long dead world, exploring and piecing together the history of what came before. Encounters with other players in the vast expanse of the sky was rare, sometimes friendly, sometimes hostile. If it was hostile and you lost, you found yourself cast to the ground and would build something new and better from the wreckage.This game no longer exists.It was not a complete surprise, a concern I and many testers long airred was that the devs were being naive. They believed that players would spontaneously form alliances, specialise in roles like traders, explorers, mercenaries, pirates; that EVE with airships would spring up on it's own without any prompting or tools to that end. It's a vision that's been tried before, most infamously in Ultima Online, and it's a vision that falls apart on first contact with the average player. All these games eventually had to compromise and create safe spaces in which new players could hone their skills and more skittish players could seek refuge.The skies of Worlds Adrift (At least on the overpopulated US server) are no differemt - what was once a game of peaceful exploration and wonder in Alpha is now Mad Max, where makeshift ships pillage islands desperately for loot, players kill other players simply because the fact they exist is inconvenient to their own goals. The spawn points are camped constantly and those who were lucky enough to take to the skies, rain death from above to make sure the balance stays that way.This metacouldmake for a compelling game, but the combat is clunky, and greatly favours boarding over actual ship-to-ship combat, there is only 1 gun and it's pretty much impossible to hit a small moving target with it. Plus the extremely short respawn timer means killing a player is ephemeral, they pop right back up and fight you again. Players in a fight inevitably end up in a stalemate of attrition until they are bashing each over the head with rocks because they have exhausted everything at their disposal, yet they won't stay down.Until Worlds Adrift decides what it wants to be - and commits to that in terms of balance and tools available to the player - an arty game of exploration, or Rust with airships, it will continue to exist in a frustrating middleground, where peaceful exploration is unattainable, yet the combat is not compelling enough to suffer through.I hope they decide and find that path, because I love this game for what it was, and what it can still be. But right now it's a frustrating neither and is not a good time to experience this title.EDIT/UPDATEMe and my friends decided to move to the EU server and try playing there the last few days, avoiding the larger more aggressive numbers of the NA server. PvP has still been relatively frequent (We've been attacked 4 times in 8 game hours), but not overwhelmingly so like on NA, especially as the initial swell of players has started to subside.While we found this to be far more playable, it doesn't address a number of glaring balance and game mechanical issues that will simply rear their head again when the next wave of players arrive.Still if you're really in love with the idea of this game, and willing to deal with the rough edges in beta you might appreciate playing. But I still think for the majority the game is going to frustrate them in it's present state.EDIT/UPDATE 2:As time goes by, many of the 'Killer' archetypal players seem to have thinned out and the skies have become less crowded and thus less resembling Mad Max. However, I'm not at this time changing my recommendation because the underlying issues that led to that situation have not been remedied, they just found equilibrium.Combat is still tedious, players still have to tiptoe each other on edge for fear of griefing, and the moment the next batch of keys land, it'll be Mad Max all over again.EDIT/UPDATE 3:A few months down the line and the community continues to drift deeper and deeper towards DayZ toxicity -- filled with those who get off on screwing over other people; the devs have made some changes that make PvP a little more balanced, but their focus continues to be on supporting the DayZ playstyle at the detriment of their much advertised exploration and creativity. At this stage I have written the game off as a lost cause, it's simply become DayZ with airships, and is just as buggy.Final musing:People lauded Journey as a game that brought together complete strangers and created bonds, friendships and together people achieved great things. World's Adrift demonstrates that Journey only worked because the players could not kill one another..."
,Recommended,322780,32414812,Posted: 14 June,all,[VB] SteemPunkGears,"I dont write alot of reviews but I have put in over 100hrs easlily into the game and I can give this a full thumbs up. I currently am a freelance gamedev who has worked on several projects and there are alot of aspects I really appreciate about this game comming from a gamedev perspective. There are no issues I see with this game outside of the fact it is currently going through alpha/beta sauce bugs.Pro's-Air ships (With physics!!)-Grappling hook-Creative freedom building of air ships similar to that of early ""space engineers""-Exploration-Large world (ive put in over 100hrs and have not explored half of the world)-Sense of ownership over your creations (lots of hardwork goes into your creation, there is meaning when someone comes to take it)-PVP (pirating, griefing, cooperative combat with friends)-BELT BAR (people complain about pirating and griefers.......the belt bar items persist through death!! put some resources on it and get a easy restart if you lose everything. The belt bar in my opinion is one of the best aspects in helping players out.)Cons?-Honestly its in alpha/beta sauce and I personally have not found anything down right wrong. The things that are currently being discussed have solutions currently being worked out and the devs are communitcating with the community on any current issues.There are alot of complants about pvp in this game......honestly without it I would be board, and I am saying this as a builder who usually avoids combat. As I have mentioned the belt bar is one of my favorite things. It makes death from pirates alot less annoying and I can rest assured that I have some resources to start with. Overall I can see this game and community growing alot in the future and I hope the devs continue to work closely with the community.Fly Safe,SteamPunkGears"
,Recommended,322780,32189288,Posted: 4 June,all,🐵 blcniggest,> freshly spawned> punch a tree like minecraft> tree falls in my direction> dieThe wilderness is a dangerous place.
76561197979617773,Recommended,322780,32096466,Posted: 31 May,all,Hellspawn,"Disclaimer: I played only solo on my own small ship.  No real cooping just encounters with outer players.Short features list:Calm Music? CheckFloating Islands, that look unique and nothing like lame procedural worlds? CheckA lot of dangerous ways to die? CheckAngry flying mantas? CheckPhysics based shipsteering? CheckCreative freedom of shipbuilding? CheckStormwalls that will nullify hours of shipbuilding work? CheckKnowledgegaining by slinging a typwriterstring against things? CheckA lot of blueprints to collect? CheckFreestyle coop? CheckFriendly players that support you with own blueprints? CheckExtremely aggressive air pirates? CheckAND Skyhook to sling yourself to death? CheckPros & ConsThis is my personal and emotionally assigned quality list. You may disagree... but I don't care;)PROS:very good execution of assets and islands.fun and relaxing soundtracksounds have meaning (e.g. raising ship will make a screaking noise)shipbuilding is hasslefree and fast (after you learned it)Enables you to learn a new world and it's rules by trial and errorthere is a lot of space for theorycrafting concerning materials and positioning of ship parts.perfect for chilling and sailing after a long day at work (wonderful lighting etc.)CONS:Still a bit rough around the edges (collision detection might kill you, nearing a new island may kick you off your ship to death)too aggressive players my spoil your funyou might be getting addicted to sailing to new islands on search for the next bit of knowledge. Oh goodness!In Conclusion:A wonderful game that deserves your attention. It makes you feel like a real freedom loving sailor while keeping you on your toes. Nothing says freedom more then dangling on your mast over the abyss while your ship is on course to unknown frontiers. Setting sail for fun and creativity! AHOY!"
,Not Recommended,322780,34916189,Posted: 13 September,all,Syncronocity,"I personally bought the game because I wanted to explore islands and make a sky ship. Having spent plenty of time playing Ark, Space Engineers, Conan etc., I’m comfortable with the idea of losing stuff and rewinding a bit. Sure there was a clown who was trying to shoot me because I was by a gold box within 5 minutes of first starting the game, but I was expecting that and managed to shoot him in the face more times than he shot mine. Yeah, I enjoyed the challenge of losing 3 ships to that first wind wall while I figured out how to build a ship that worked. I do enjoy the flight and exploration sans mantas… however, there’s a few reasons that I’ve more or less already stopped playing.1: Loading lag/ insta-gib physics bugs. Expected but still irritating in their frequency.2: Never finding any core upgrade BPs despite clearing multiple dozens of gold chests across two separate expanse zones. I’ve gotten lucky and found a few good engines and core upgrades loaded into assemblers and have made a really nice ship, but the moment it’s sunk, I’m back to being a dork in a 1k Dhingy. I swear the world drop tables are like 90% bossa flags and railings.3: The free-for-all PvP setup and low population makes it feel like I’m spending all my time in a run down western ghost town, where the few people you find are either folks who’ll point their gun at you and say “gimmie yer money” then shoot you anyways, or folks who run and shut their windows and doors because they’re worried you’re one of the mooks who’ll point their gun at you and say “gimmie yer money” and then shoot you anyways.Basically, the world as a whole feels empty, hostile, and none too rewarding with the essential stuff locked behind RNG. I’ve talked with friends who’ve tried the game and they were also in agreement with what I was feeling, especially since most of us are in different regions and time zones, making meaningful cooperative play infeasible due to either time or region ping constraints.I know the PvP part is actually physics based and as such, is more or less hard coded into the game because of Bossa’s game design decisions. To paraphrase a blog, when you get hit in the face with a cannonball and die, it’s not because cannonball entity A does 100p of damage to player entity B, who has 100p of health; it’s because a cannonball that weighs 19.0509 kilos is traveling at 1,437 ft/sec and just so happened to collide with your face. I get it. The problem is they’ve forced the PvP, allowing no actual PvE options due to their game and engine decisions, and seem to be relying on RNG to stretch out game play life (point 2), and left it no holds barred allowing people who’ve gotten everything to get bored and see the only “fun” thing to do as blowing up fresh folks in flying bicycle-powered wooden bath tubs (point 3), turning this into a fairly hostile non-social sky raft simulator where getting your foot stuck under a floorboard sends you flying 1,000ft off the port bow doing cartwheels and staring at a grey screen of shame and rage (point 1). Man that was a long sentence.4: God damn mantas and no swivel guns yet, (which’ll prolly be another tech tree I need to spread my trickle of knowledge gains on.)Anyways, while PvE would be nice (i.e. somehow disabling cannon and pistol damage), it would also means the blade-framed-airship-flying ramtard griefer who would still find ways to use the physics engine to ruin your♥♥♥♥♥♥couldn’t be shot in the face to deal with him, then there’s the dropping trees or salvaging an engine off the side of your ship to drop it on someone’s head etc., so it’s not the golden goose everyone thinks it is.Seems overall that Bossa picked a really REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ foundation to try to build and balance a game on. Basically, do NOT get pulled in the the airship building and exploration plugs, the way they're making this game will bring out the worst in people. I offered someone a hand, and they and their friend tried (and failed) to steal my ship.You'll probably be stuck in a rowboat due to RNG not giving you the core upgrades you need, and pretty much 90% of the people you meet will either run away, kill you for no reason, or try to kill you because they want what you have. If this appeals to you, sure, go for it. Me? I've already gotten turned off and moved on."
,Not Recommended,322780,34489678,Posted: 25 August,all,Patty,"Great game ruined by terrible rust style PVP mechanics.If you are fed up with Rust you will hate this game just as much, if not more.Be prepared to spend hours building a ship only to have it destroyed in seconds by a fully tiered griefer with no way to defend yourself."
,Recommended,322780,31945038,Posted: 24 May,all,Pirate,"I have been playing since alpha 5. I have spent 219 hours playing alpha version of this game.First off... This game is NOT fo everyone. Its a sandbox. You get thrown in directly in to the game with almost no explanation how stuff works and no purpose, no quests. This game will not hold your hand, and thats a GOOD thing. There arent many games that are designed this way. Thats right, by talking to developers you realise that they design the game to be challenging, they want you to do science, to explore!Pros:1.Unique. You see an island in a distance? You build a ship and go for it! You want to be a merchant? Do it! Pirate? easy!2.Physics. They are everywhere! Who would have fought its so much fun to play with physics!? You build your ship peace by peace and see it be destroyed in a same way.3.HUGE. You can spend weeks flying your ship from island to island and not coming across same one! But you also need to think about refueling, repairing, and player encounter!4. Great to play with friends. There is a ""crew"" system in place that allows you to stay togheter with your friends, build a big ship with cannons and seek an adventure! You will have tales to remember how you barely survived creatures that atacked you or the time when you lost your ship.Mixed:1.Player driven. It could be a great thing! It could also mean lots of pvp. Aproach with caution if you are not in these type of games.2.No real purpose. Its not World of Warcraft quest game. Some people find it awesome that you can do whatever you want! Some people need a quest or a endgame! Here, you do what you want to do. Create a Pirate band, Merchant guild , Bounty Hunter guild. You will need to use forums and discord to make it easier for ya thou.Cons:1.In development. That means bugs. Weird deaths. Lags. Like in any developing game, you need to expect that! Specially in a game of this magnitude!2.Might feel empty towards an end game.3.Not really fun being a lone wolf. I mean it is fun! But might get old after a while.So... Is this game worth 30$ CAD? Definately worth every penny for experience that it provides! Its not for everyone, but if you think you like survival/Minecraft type games, grab it!"
76561198117419119,Not Recommended,322780,34031972,Posted: 4 August,all,BLACKDAGGER,"REALLY REALLY LOVE THIS GAME...until you have a pvp with three people standing still taking apart everything on your ship, shooting them tons of times does nothing, some sort of auto healing goin on? healing so fast i can't kill you, never switching from the gauntlet that wrecks my♥♥♥♥♥♥ with two other invincible bros WITH GRAPPLING HOOKS... lotta problems with this game, but invincible people taking no effort to hide a hack really broke this game, you can't even defend your♥♥♥♥♥♥ its always a little salty to lose your stuff to a real challenging opponent, but a completely cheating gang was painful and made me want to put this down. people complain about the pvp, i get that, but hadn't heard about cheating in this yet and it's here."
,Recommended,322780,32351264,Posted: 11 June,all,Doc Shaftoe,"One of the most common themes I've found in the negative reviews is a willfull ignorance of what the developer's intent behind the closed beta is. They're not selling the game in a finished state, they're offering consumers the chance to join the QA team and bugtest their game. A game like this requires large sample sizes to evaluate changes, sample sizes they can't get with a small studio's testing team. If you have the opportunity to purchase one of the founders packs, you're not buying a demo or early access to the finished product, you're buying a test-bed. If you want to test the game and help build its future, buy in and enjoy. If you only want to play a finished game, look elsewhere.Now for the review.Worlds Adrift is a single-shared MMO based the exploration of floating islands. Everything is physics driven, from the characters to the animals. The main character of this game is your ship, not the character you run, jump, and swing around with. Everything is devoted to the construction and enhancement of your ship. Understanding how to build a capable flying machine is the most important part of the game.Progression is based around acquiring knowledge points and blueprints to pass through natural barriers called windwalls. Both are currently only found through exploration. Knowledge is used to unlock a procedurally generated blueprint, whereas blueprints found in the world are either for upgrades or components (like windows or stairs). The blueprints allow you and your crew to build a more capable airship which allows you to pass through more difficult walls.The story is rather barebones but it will doubtlessly be fleshed out a bit once the game's actual release draws near. Despite the barebones plot, the game is about stories. Your story as a player or your crew's story. Once again, everything is very barebones but still enjoyable.The game is buggy right now. Issues with the physics and collision can lead to unfortunate, hilarious, and sometimes infuriating deaths. However, knowledge once acquired cannot be lost. If a blueprint is left unused in an inventory, it can be lost, but if used, it will be tied to your character. Materials are easy enough to farm, and unlike other crafting-based games, it never takes longer to harvest higher tier materials.Griefing is a problem, but one that bossa is aware of. They're currently working on ways to balance the system without making piracy completely unplayable. In the 26 hours I've spent playing the game, I've never actually run into a griefer. However I count myself lucky, and other players must be approached cautiously. Solo play is also lacking in substance compared to crew play. Being a member of a crew allows for much faster exploitation of knowledge and resources. Multiple crew members specialized in different disciplines gives crews a definite advantage over solo players.Bugginess of the early build aside, it's an incredibly fun game. It's a lot of fun to explore cave systems or just swing around a clustered island. The base mechanics work well and combine to create an enjoyable overall experience. As stated above, if you're interested in helping to build something new, this game is for you. If you want to play this game but don't want to deal with unbalanced gameplay or bugs, wait until closer to release. Bossa is listening to its beta testers, but they're a small studio and these things take time.I hope this helped."
,Recommended,322780,34400228,Posted: 21 August,all,Franck Hueso,"(EDIT: Forgot to talk about the soundtrack, added.)(Note, this review was first posted as of the 21st of August 2017. Take into consideration that many of the problems stated in this review may or may not be fixed in the future, and my review may be updated with said fixes. Thank you.)Worlds Adrift, a mixed response from me. Let us start off with the pros and cons, and then we will move on to personal opinions.Pros:+Grappling hook mechanic that works relatively well.+Ship building is a VERY strong aspect in this game, and it is easy to personalize your own ship into your liking, stretching it into your desire.+Friendly community, will help you get past difficult areas (i.e. storm walls), and give you upgrades to your ship.+Beautiful handcrafted islands made by the community, all with their secrets and loot stashes.+A sense of progression (i.e. going from tier 1 to tier 2 has a noticable difference).+A wide array of metals and wood to craft with.+A relatively large quantity of clothes to customize your character with, although you have to depend on luck if you want the color you want for a very specific clothing.+Playing with other players is fun and exciting, seeing as almost all of them are friendly.+Very relaxing soundtrack.Now, the cons.-Extremely buggy, I have died several times out of NOWHERE on my ship.-Bullets do♥♥♥♥♥♥poor damage against the animal enemies (I do not know whether or not there are upgradable pistols in the game as of yet, but if not, it is needed).-/+For some reason, the storm wall is harder to get through than the sand wall, but this may very likely be fixed in the future (giving it a neutral response as of now).-/+Getting through one of the said walls is very hard to get in through without the help of a crew member repairing your ship, which may make solo players reluctant to progress. (May be fixed in the future, giving neutral response as of now, might just be me being bad at the game.)-The game will unexpectedly lag and/or freeze out of nowhere, both on land and while flying.(TL;DR) Has excellent promise, but VERY buggy. I do recommend the game, but do expect to lag and freeze in-between your moments of flying your amazing airship. (They're all amazing.)Results:Music/Soundtrack: 8.5/10Gameplay: 7.5/10Optimization: 5/10Multiplayer: 8/10My regret of flying into the sand wall unprepared and dying a horrible death: 10/10.I recommend the game, but do expect some hiccups. Hopefully they patch some of the problems."
76561198057291357,Not Recommended,322780,34595166,Posted: 29 August,all,Iorek,"I hope that with future development, this game can take some strides forward. While there are definitely some bright spots, in its current state I feel I have to give it a negative review.Quick Summary:I think the core gameplay loop you repeat is fundamentally unfun right now and has some way to go in order to be a more enjoyable experience.Conclusion:Wait on this one.-----What do I mean when I say loop? To use an example: in an FPS, the loop is usually select your gear > run around > shoot at other players (hopefully the fun bit) > probably die and repeat. A game like the first Halo did a really good job of having a solid 15 seconds of repeatable combat and build-up to it.For a sandbox survival-type game, IMO the loop usually revolves around accumulating resources and then doing something with them (building, progressing skills, fighting, etc). This is mostly the case for Worlds Adrift. You spawn in and have to collect knowledge and crafting materials. You then have to take those resources and build bigger and better ships to go to new places and do it all over again. It mostly just ends up being painful for a number of reasons - see the ""Cons"" list below.-----(Pros) So what about the game is good?1.Character Movement- The grappling hook is entertaining. Between that and climbing around, it's a refreshingly different movement system with enough of a skillcap to be engaging.2.Visuals- I think it's a pretty game, with a whimsical atmosphere that adds a fitting tone to the open skies and isolated islands.3.Ship Building (*)- I enjoyed creating new designs and bringing the airships to life. The system is a bit clunky, but was otherwise fairly robust. You can make some pretty crazy shapes fly.* Do note that building ships does leave you incredibly vulnerable to being ganked or griefed (you're a sitting duck while building), and there's very little to stop hours of work from being wiped clear by an enterprising raider. More on PvP below.-----(Cons) So what makes the game hard to enjoy?1.General Performance / Lag / Screen Stuttering- Not necessarily noticeable while on an island, but expect this to kill you frequently while on a moving ship. At best, it's jarring. At worst, it can cause you to lose resources or control of your ship. I understand that the game is in an early state, but performance issues have been as much a part of the regular experience as the grappling hook so far and you should expect to have to adapt to their presence.2.PvP / Griefing- This is what I think breaks the game for me, and just like performance issues, you should expect this to be ever-present. I personally feel the PvP elements provide too much disruption to be able to enjoy the rest of the gameplay consistently. Resources you gather and ships you make are easily taken and destroyed - there is simply too much incentive to attack another player and no protection for new players entering the game. Perhaps worse is that there is often almost no risk to the aggressor that's diving in.I think it comes down to a combination of the ability to abuse respawns, keep loot on your belt inventory through death, and the time imbalance between building something and destroying or stealing it. To illustrate: up until recently a starting pistol could quickly take a ship out of the air. While this has been corrected via nerf, the starting scavenging tool has been essentially buffed to take its place. Thus, a brand new player can very easily board a ship, scuttle it by destroying key components, loot key resources, and then suicide while keeping said resources on their belt (I view the new Atlas Pulse counter-boarding measures they've implemented rarely useful at stopping even semi-competent players).3.Research- This is supposed to be a core mechanic, but it just feels grindy and unrewarding. Other than a few early ""required"" blueprints, all other important schematics are obtained via looting.4.Exploration- It's interesting for a while, but ultimately feels repetitive and unrewarding due to the dangers inherent in bringing your ship anywhere it can be easily reached. The system breaks down in the face of practicality as well. Due to the ability to keep loot on your belt, players frequently park their ships above an island to keep it safe(ish), dive onto the island, loot, and suicide back up to their ships. Since there are generally consistent loot spawns across all islands regardless of size you are often better served farming one island in each zone and moving on to the next zone when you have everything.-----Setting aside the performance issues, risk vs. reward is a big hurdle for this game. You'll constantly find yourself having invested a considerable amount of time and energy (read: hours) into gathering and building only to have that work wiped out in minutes or even seconds in a way that's usually one-sided and that doesn't feel fun or worth all that investment. I'm reminded of Rust and the dangers inherent in these types of FFA games - I'm just not sure how you fix it. While my hope is that updates and rebalancing can make this a better game, my advice is still firmly to wait and give it time to grow before you buy.(Note: This review was written as of early September 2017)"
,Recommended,322780,31967857,Posted: 26 May,all,Peri,"Worlds Adrift is a masterpiece in the making.It's a game that doesn't treat players like braindead morons handholding them forever of giving them silly encouraging feedback for every little progression they make.Like the MMO in the past , socializing , asking for tips and help is mandatory to progress and learn the ropes of the game: No more party finder, no intrusive tutorials, no more global chat . . .This is not a themepark where questlines guide you to your next scripted destination,you may find discouraged and lost the first 10-20 hours of the game because of that but conquering some weather walls, learning the art of crafting ships and teaming up with fellow players is something that cant be explained if you dont experience it for yourself.It has a couple of bugs, nothing unexpected for a Closed Beta of a Early Access game, but it also has a huge potential because its still on development."
,Recommended,322780,33636064,Posted: 18 July,all,Dublin Odinson,"This game has some great things going for it, and some horrible things hiding within. Hopefully the horrors will be flushed out as the game progresses but for the now, they are a problem. We will start with my top three “bad” so we can end on a positive note.The Bad:3) THE LAG! It will freeze, stall, and shut down. It will get you angry, turned around, and killed. I’m sure when the game is further along this will not be a problem. However at the time of writing this review (7/18/17) it is a massive problem that causes nothing but frustration.2) ATLAS CORE SCHEMATICS!  Now this may never change, but I hope it does. The Atlas core is the heart of your ship. It literally supports everything on board by giving lift to your ship. Without a core, a ship is nothing but a treehouse laying on the ground. Everyone can make the first core, and it will lift 1000kg, a weight limit you will quickly reach even with a small ship. Thankfully you can upgrade your core to lift more, up to 5000kg more actually. Sadly you are at the mercy of R.N.Gesus.YEP! The thing you need most to upgrade your ship is given by random number generators in loot boxes past the first Wind Wall. Some people find them straight away while others can play for days on end and never see them. To me, this is a big problem. I feel like cores should be part of the knowledge tree; and while some rare super powered core schematics could be found, players should be able to unlock some sort of core upgrades on their own.1)  The PLAYERS! Ever play Rust? Well it isn’t exactly that bad, but pretty close. Every time I run into another player, or worse if it is two or more, I get that “this is going to end badly” feeling in my gut. From pirates to griefers, there are plenty of players who are going to destroy everything you spent the last few hours to gain. Most people suck.We need to have a safe haven from asshats, or at the VERY least LOCKS for our ships and storage containers. Also, please make it so people cannot harvest our ships while they are docked. That is just annoying.OK onto the positive stuff!The Good:3) THE WORLDS! Just about all of the worlds you land on are player made. This gives us a vastly different style to each and every chuck of land floating adrift. Furthermore you can design your own though the Island creator “game” for free!2} EXPLORATION! This game rewards exploration. Run over lands, dive into caves, grapple down the edge of the world and explore. Every Chest, loot box and knowledge cache is just FUN to find. Your grappling hook will become your new best friend, learn to use it well. Double jump while grappled to get a steam powered burst forward to get over those pesky ledges.Flying is another part of exploration that I absolutely love. Climb high above an island and dive off! Free fall and try to grapple onto the edge before you plummet past it! Or, find the glider schematic and glide your way own like a leaf on the wind… just watch out for trees and poles, they will cut your flight short. (Firefly anyone?)1] SHIP BUILDING! By far my favorite part of this game is building ships. You can change just about everything about your ship when you’re building it. Want just one box? Do it! Want that massive ship that screams “Don’t you mess with me, buddy!”?? BUILD IT! You are only limited by your imagination! ... And atlas cores.At the end of the day I say the game is worth the current price of $35. It will get better with updates and if they follow Ark’s advice the price will double so if you’re interested in the game, get it now.If you do get it, add me on steam and I'll give you a hand getting started ^.^"
,Not Recommended,322780,32210654,Posted: 5 June,all,Rig Nan Roach,"Latest SNAFU - Random total deletions. Yeah.... As of 9-1-17Prime example of a game that appears to see tedium as ""challenge"".My initial review of the game went negative when they had a bug locking people out of the game. This was a bug they had had in alpha. One would have hoped they might have fixed it before charging money.After some months in release, the dev team is just now getting to the point where they are taking PvP balance partly seriously. They do not take it seriously enough yet to stop the HARVEST TOOL from being a weapon you can use against ships in combat.Also, for some reason, they have nerfed the ability to learn schematics. Now, you have to spend some of your hard won knowledge points... to buy SLOTS... to spend knowledge points.Nerfed the glider into oblivion, which used to be one of the most fun things in the game. No fuel or respawners at all in the higher difficulty biomes, making it super easy for high level players to deny access to end game content potentially forever.I don't know when or if they will develop the ability to discern fun game play for annoying b.s., but until they do the review stays negative.""It's Beta"" ¯\_(ツ)_/¯The hell you say?Maybe if beta cost like $10.00 I could stomach this."
,Not Recommended,322780,34793594,Posted: 7 September,all,Person,"The game on a whole was fun, and i wish i could recomend it, but after no less than twelve pirate attacks in a day, the last of which being someone with multiple cannons and four engines on his warship, against my one sailed raft. if you are a masochist who enjoys watching everything you have worked for burn because one guy doesn't like the idea of having somebody else with a ship.tl;dr: too many griefers."
,Recommended,322780,31940558,Posted: 24 May,all,BenjiAlmighty,"Quite a interesting and unique concept for a game. The ship building also has various decisions which the player must make, for example, the types of material to use for the hull and the impact that will have on the weight of the ship.Its similar to Guns of Icarus Online, but with a much more grand scale.But yeah, from what I have played it is quite fun so far."
,Not Recommended,322780,33595906,Posted: 16 July,all,zStatix,This game is not playable alone. The only way to play this game is with a group of friends.The starter island you spawn on is full of other players and the pistol is immediately craftable so you are in a warzone trying to finish your ship asap to get out of there. You can kill the players who keep attacking you but they get to respawn in the same island with only a 10 second timer so they will just keep attacking you. You cant even hide your ship while building it because the game puts a huge visible bubble around it that acts like a beacon to people who want an easy kill. If you manage to finish your ship you will get swooped on by a ship crewed by multiple people with no way to outrun or fight back.I love PVP but this game just throws you in with no way to defend and has no consequence for all the shoot on sight players. Part of the problem is most likely because there is nothing to do but randomly kill other players who have no way to fight back.go ahead and buy this if you want to keep restarting every 20 minutes with 0 progress to show for it.There is a million ways to reduce griefing for starting players but this game takes no measures.
,Not Recommended,322780,34312544,Posted: 17 August,all,sync0s,"I originally reviewed this game as positive. I was ignoring the fact that the game is laggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥(especially when flying) and when you lag it has a strong potential of launching you off the ship to your death if you're not actually in the helm. I was also ignoring the numerous other bugs such as crew's becoming bugged so that you can't invite people, and more.All of it I let pass because it was a fun game and has a fantastic concept. Recent events have however changed that. When someone decided they wanted my ship, they approached and grappled on. He killed me, then went into my lower deck and started destroying my personal reviver. I respawned on it in time just stop him. after the fight lead to the top deck, me just thinking we were missing our shots, he killed me again from the lower deck.After respawning again I realized that we weren't missing, but in fact there was no damage being made to either person in the lower deck at all. However, anytime I went out onto the top deck he could stay below and shoot and kill me all day, but I had no way to fight him off because he wouldn't follow me out. It all came to a fantastic culmination point when the ship plummeted down so low we died because apparently the damage from his bullets on the core was being processed.tl;dr people can climb inside of yourship and destroy your stuff and you can do nothing about it."
76561198077560004,Recommended,322780,31941136,Posted: 24 May,all,Kinglol,"So i played this game since it was in alpha, i plyed it for 125 hours. This game is amazing. The ship building is verry unique and you can get verry creative with it. The exploring is a lot of fun, since you can see many islands that have been made by the community via the Island creator. You can choose how you want to play it, you can be a Pirate or you can help people. you can play alone or in a crew with your friends. This is not like your typical survival game, you dont need to worry about hunger or thirst, you only need to worry about other players shooting cannonballs at you or mantas that chew on your ship. This game does still have some bugs, but its in Early access so thats logical so please dont give the game a negative review just because you encountered a bug, the game just left the alpha phase and is still in development. if you dont like the price of the game you can wait until its finished, since theses are founders packs. the game itself withouit anything will cost less. but i think that its worth every €/$ you sepnd on it."
,Recommended,322780,34214377,Posted: 13 August,all,Screwball,"Worlds adrift is a great game. Though it is a early access, and is lacking and overbalanced in certain fields and features. This game, while probably not worth the gold or silver package, is worth the bronze.I have gotten many hours of enjoyment out of WD, All you need to do is get either a good friend to play with, or join an alliance and meet up with them.The community in this game (though a bit spoiled and rotten like rust or dayz with killers) are usually nice, barring some bad apples. Piracy is terrible and annoying as hell, but the devs are pushing some defense into the game, so as to stop hanging boarding parties and players walking on the hull.Im.... really rambling here, but what im trying to say is this.This game is a great game, but in early access. Like rust or dayz you will sometimes get killed and screwed over, but dont worry, because you will get that lucky break and have lots of fun, though solo will be quite a bit harder. so find a mate!-Muffin, Independent Courier of Freeport Sihnon, Osiris, Cere, and Octane"
,Recommended,322780,33106128,Posted: 1 July,all,Rusty,"I'll admit, the first time I logged in and played for about twenty minutes, I thought I had made a mistake in purchasing this game. The game felt clunky at first, trying to gather to build a ship was tedious... there's a lot to be said for the first-time player experience that could easily have turned this into a game I wouldn't recommend, in my mind.I decided to give it another go a day later, watched a few videos about the game, and had read a little a bit when I had gotten the chance that day.I found a deep cave system on the island that I hadn't noticed before. The island felt small from the outside, but inside, the caves were sprawling, full of hidden treasures. The aesthetics of the game really didn't shine until that point.I poked my head out of one of the entrances, saw a shadow of a ship and stepped back into the shadows to watch.A solo player was landing on the island, and she stayed close to her ship at first, checking around for salvage in close proximity.She got bolder and bolder, and eventually left sight of her ship. At that moment, I spiderman'd down to the ship and stole that %#@* and dipped the @$#* out and never looked back.Too bad, I didn't realize she landed on the island to also get some fuel, as I didn't make it very far.Worth10/10"
76561198078803559,Recommended,322780,32246395,Posted: 7 June,all,Fairedan,"So far, a great game, if you enjoy survival crafting and exploration games with a touch of danger I highly recommend this one. Does it have issues? Of course it does, every early access game does, that's the point of early access. To fix bugs, add/remove bad features and such. The game is a touch unbalanced, but that by itself doesn't make the game bad, it makes it challenging and fun. Can PVP get out of hand? At times, but that plagues any game like this, and it's not as if you can't work around it, and even should you die, you can always rebuild without much effort.All in all a great game, it just needs some tweeks here and there."
76561198037962923,Not Recommended,322780,32229565,Posted: 6 June,all,jeff,"Game is currently unplayable.1 You can't leave your ship to get resources, someone will take it.2 When you are building a ship, good luck.  Anyone can come destroy it in the building process.  It is totally vulnerable to cannon fire or people leaving bombs on it...  We built a ship... Took DAYS to get the titanium together to make the frame, took 4 hours to put together.  three guys destroyed it in about 3 minutes.3  Lag is ridiculously terrible.Other notes of concern:There is no safe place, anywhere, ever.Creatures are ridiculously hard to kill, and swarm your ship annoyingly.Can't scavenge derelict ships at all.Note:  I realize this is in a beta state currently and I'm sure this will change in the future.   I will be happy to update my review when it does."
,Not Recommended,322780,35181538,Posted: 24 September,all,BaaSheep,"This game is awesome, I've had a great deal of fun playing it these past 136 hours. I really love the theme. The movement is very fun. Exploring is awesome.. all that stuff. But I can see where this is going. Its yet another pure pvp hell game. Where you build stuff up and then get it all taken, or take from others.. Do the same thing every week and pretend you're having fun. I enjoyed pure pvp games for the first.. 5 years of my gaming life. From around 12-17 years old. I'm 26 years old now and it bores me.Basically, if you are looking for something different than every other ""mmo"" released in the past.. 4 years. Don't look for it here."
,Recommended,322780,33490973,Posted: 12 July,all,3rdRangers | ＧＥØＲＧＥＤ11,"£49.99 well spent, personally this is a perfect game for me.the reason i love this because it is everything i love combined into one! :- Building- Crafting- PVP- Weapons- Base Defense- Attacking- pirates- bounty hunters- Futureistic- flying- ships- planes- survivalCONS:- Not well optimised- Can get boring after a while (depends on who plays)so yeah i rate this game 8/10"
76561198083587084,Recommended,322780,32050059,Posted: 29 May,all,DoggedMocha,"This game is worth every second of your time. once you learn it the game becomes incredibly fun. The community is great, it's easy to team up and make alliances. Each island always has something new and interesting to explore. The only complaint I have is that the servers tend to lag a bit, but it is hardly an issue."
,Recommended,322780,33654649,Posted: 19 July,all,reece666999 ヽ(◉◡◔)ﾉ,"I really like this game so far. However, there are some bugs in the game that can become annoying very quickly.ProsThese are some of the pros of Worlds Adrift (Remember that this is my opinion)Open WorldMultiplayerCombatBuildingFreedom (no limits)ConsThese are the cons of Worlds AdriftLag SpikesCan sometimes die from nothingVERY rare chance that one of your sky core upgrades stop working (bug)Not a big variety of wildlifePlayers (will get to that later in this review)Manta rays (will also get to that later in this review)Addressing the prosOpen world is very important in this game. If it wasn't open world, im sure that it would just be another game that gets old quickly. The reason open world is so important, is because it means that player interaction is random. This makes the feel of exploring the world so much better. There is however, a world barrier that you cant go through. But this is normal for most open world games. The world is also quite big so you dont need to worry too much about it.Multiplayer is essential for this game. Without it, you would just be by yourself creating a ship, looking at wildlife, and finding blueprints. But what would it all be for? This brings me to the next on the list.Combat. The combat on this game is incredible. You can do it on land with your pistol, or in the air with cannons on your ship. Sure, if you loose, you also loose some of your items. But this is solved by putting the important items that you want to keep in your ""Belt"". This is a small part of your inventory that lets you keep what's in there when you die.Building in this game is better than you might think (assuming you haven't seen it before). You start off with a ship frame that you can customise. You then create that frame using any material. Once the frame is created, its up to you how you want the rest of your ship. YOU choose where to place the panels on the side of the ship. YOU choose where to place the cannons and the helm. The ship doesnt have a grid, letting you place things exactly where you want it.Freedom is what you expect. There are no goals, no quests. The only time you will find a goal or quest, is when you decide what to do next.Addressing the consMost of the cons are likely to change. Some of the things like 'Lag spikes' and 'Wildlife variety' will change. Right now, the developers are working on fixing the lag spikes that will be found while playing the game, but that doesn't mean the lag isn't an issue. If you are flying on your ship and you get a lag spike, you may get thrown off your ship or you will get thrown in to the side of your ship where you may or may not die.Dying from nothing is a bug (as i assume you know) that will hopefuly get fixed sooner than later. It's not something that is common so you can play without having to worry too much about it, and will occur mostly while using your grappling hook.The sky core issue that I put down on the cons list has only happened to me ONCE throughout the time that i have been playing. Im sure that you will be able to play without finding this bug for quite a while. Something I have learned is that if you ever happen to be a victim of this bug, you will need to get rid of as much heavy stuff on your ship as you can until you stop falling. It's better to loose some things instead of the entire ship, right?This is gonna be a short one. There WILL be more wildlife in the game as updates come out. This is also something that you will not need to worry about.Time to talk about players. Some players are really good at this game and might forget what it's like to start off on the game. If they are hostile, they might try and raid and kill some players that have just managed to build a ship. However, they might also be nice players. These players will (obviously) not kill you. If they feel nice, they may also help you with your ship.Manta rays. I personally hate these things, but im sure im not alone. These things are basically flying stingrays, but they are OP. When they attack, they knock you to the ground where you cant control yourself for about 5 seconds. Thats not the bad thing about them though. When they attack, they might just sit on you while damaging you. Because you cant do anything, you will be dead very quickly.FinallyThis is the part where I say if its worth getting or not.I would say that it is worth getting, but only get the Wanderers pack (when available) unless you have the money. In which case, go for the Explorers pack. The explorers pack is where you get most of the unique stuff. This is all cosmetic however and is not important."
,Not Recommended,322780,35216929,Posted: 25 September,all,Diadema,"(Note: Please click on this review to see it with the proper formatting!)This is a game I really want to recommend.  It has some very good ideas, such as:No levels, no hard gating.  Your ability to explore is based entirely on if you can design and manufacture a ship to get through the various ""walls"" that separate zones.  Higher tier zones are behind walls that are increasingly difficult to cross.The only character progression is a knowledge based system, which isn't lost on death and can't be stolen.The grappling hook for movement is great, and rewards skillful play instead of grind, unlike far too many other MMOs that reward the latter over the former.That said, there are some very serious issues with the game, enough to make me stop playing after 70 hours while I await a fix.  If I were to point to just one thing that has killed this game right now, it's the glitch exploitation.  There are two glitches that by themselves might not be too problematic, but combined, become the perfect storm of toxic gameplay.  These glitches are:Duplicating exploit.  As far as I am aware, any and everything can be duplicated via an exploit.  This means the PvPers, pirates, and griefers have no incentive to ever gather materials or protect their current investments (ships) as they have an infinite supply of readily available mats to nearly instantly rebuild/repair anything that gets damaged or stolen.Invulnerability exploit.  Yes, that's right, anyone can get onto your ship, either via grappling hook, or the glider, and then proceed to salvage at will.  If you get off your helm to attack them, they take the helm and drive it into the abyss below, and you can't kill them, because they're invulnerable.  If you stay on the helm, they simply salvage your ship until there is nothing left, and you crash into the stormy abyss below.  It's lose-lose.The crux of the issue here is that the first exploit makes PvP and piracy meaningless, leaving these exploiters with nothing left to do but grief legitimate players.  They can then do so with impunity, because hey, God mode.  Even if you take their ship and crash it into the abyss, they can instantly rebuild it from duplicated resources.  The legitimate players like myself leave the game, leaving nothing but the toxic exploit-abusing griefers behind, who are so delusional they actually blame the legitimate players as ""... the reason this game has no pop[ulation]"" (yes that is an actual quote from a griefer).Bossa's current attitude is laissez faire, claiming it's more important to fix the problems instead of dealing with it by banning those who exploit—as if the two were mutually exclusive, or even in contention.  So for now, avoid, until Bossa fixes things.  Assuming that day comes, it cannot come soon enough."
,Recommended,322780,31950851,Posted: 25 May,all,SoapBoxie,Edit: Now with over 19 in the game I feel I can give more accurate of an idea.Still I say this game was worth it. The crazy stuff that can happen later on is a little intense. While flaoting above an island we had someone drop onto our ship from pretty far above. And  then plant some bombs and jump. We then had to spend the next 30 mintues trying to repair our own ship while trying to hunt the sabatuer down.This game is a blast if you have friends to play with. Flying around on a ship and finding islands to explore for shrines and materials is fun. You're all working to get a ship built that has some fire power and maneuverability. The game feels a little janky but over all its not bad.FPS i hit a solid 50 while playing on a i5-6600 with a 1070 and 16gb ram.So far i'm not regreting this purchase.
76561198029781422,Not Recommended,322780,35354868,Posted: 30 September,all,Davidleblanc20,"Yeah its a good game with a good amount of content, but you start the game: you get shot, you collect resources: you get shot, you finally build a ship: you get shot, your able to build a ship and take off: you get overun by stupid pirates, you build a ship, take off and fly somwhere: the game glitches, you fall off your ship and die. i think this is ""1001 ways to die simulator"" oh then theres the mantas that will attack you and your ship the second you fire up your engines becasue the wind is blowing the wrong way so your sails are useless. i want to love this game i really do, but the PVP ruins it for me, this game could be an awesome single player, fly and build."
76561198013490162,Recommended,322780,32117368,Posted: 1 June,all,[TAS] Mr.Anarchy,"A fantastic, and unparalled MMO experience.  The game can be pretty unforgiving in the begining, but once you learn how to get knowlage and how to research it goes pretty smooth. Piracy is pretty bad in the newbi starter areas. However once you get through the windwall its almost never a kill on sight kinda enviorment. The design of the game encurrages teamplay, which helps to filters out the shity pirate KOS people in the starter areas."
,Recommended,322780,33161326,Posted: 2 July,all,Basti,"Im playing MMO since 2001.Jumpgate, Eve Online, Lineage 2, WOW, you name it, ive most likley played it.This game is the first one that is truly different from all the rest. Let me walk you through the game as of right now:Ship building: Easily the most freeform  ship building ive ever seen. The shape is up to you, entierly. Build a sphere, build a pyramid, build an Xwing or build whatever. Its entierly up to you. Once you have the frame (the basic layout of the ship) designed the way you want, you just put in some of the resources you find on islands, and done, you have a frame. You can then attach all kinds of parts: Wings, Engines, Sails, Storage, Cannons etc. Where you put them is up to you. Ive seen ships that resebled Xwings, massive boats that look like they belong on the sea, spaceships etc. They all have different purposes and handle differently, depending ENTIERLY on how YOU build it, and what you want to do with your ship.Islands: Since every Island is created by a player, they are all different. Every Island in this game exists only once in the world, and the creators of them show some real creativity. I cannot stress enough how utterly brilliant some of them are. And the developers announced more features coming for the Island creator community that will make Islands stand out from each other even more.Combat: While the Player vs Player PVP resolves entierly around a single weapon (pistol) that is hitscan, ship to ship PVP is entierly physics based, means cannons have flight time and bullet drop, making long range shot very difficult, yet still possible. It is quite something to have a ship with like 3+ people and multiple cannons shooting at you, and your own ship returning fire. Its pure adrenaline, because you know that whoever looses the fight may loose their ship and their resources, forcing them to start building again. As of right now, Ship to Ship combat depens entierly on the skill of the pilot and the gunners, as the damage that a single player gliding to an enemy ship can do got heavily, heavily nerfed. There is however still a role for ""raiders"" (the folks gliding over to the enemy ship), and that is to annoy the hell out of the enemy, forcing them to deal with the raiders instead of manning their cannons. It makes the combat highly tactical, means every manouver of your pilot matters a great deal both in terms of the damage you can do, and the damage you may recieve. Repairing your ship mid combat is also very important. All in all, Ship to ship combat in this game feels like something out of a movie, with your gunners helping each other to make their shots hit, people running around your ship keeping it in good health, raiders coming to your ship forcing your crew to deal with them etc. Its pure, utter panic sometimes, and that makes it so good.Progression: Quite frankly, ignore it, and get friends. Getting the knowledge, the stuff you need to unlock new blueprints for ship parts, and blueprints themself that you can find on islands, takes quite a while. Especially if you try to do it all yourself. And thats it. Unlocking new things to build is all there is in terms of permanent progression, everything else can and WILL be lost (like the resources you collect on islands). Trying to solo it all would take ages, and simply makes the game dull for yourself, because when you reach the end, you just didnt actually play the game. If you play with friends, then you have a much easier time getting the better blueprints, and also a much easier time collecting the things you need to build whatever ship you want.Performance: Currently♥♥♥♥♥ to be quite frank. Freezes sometimes when you approach an island, server freezes (your ship simply stops mid air) every now and then. Very annoying, but the game just entered closed beta, and there is every reason to believe that these issues will be fixed. Put the game on an SSD if you can, that helps a lot of the client freezes. As for FPS, there is pretty much nothing you can do to improve that.The most important thing about this game however is that it is an MMO. Alone, you are helpless against a lot of things. With just one mate, the world is open to you.With a crew of like 5 people, you have a fully operational battleship if you so choose. With even more, you have a fleet. And thats what its all about, because this is an MMO. Play it with others, not everyone can have their own ship and can be their own captain. If you do play it with others, you will have the most fun you could ever have."
76561197974527716,Recommended,322780,32282052,Posted: 8 June,all,Apostate,"The game is still very young and there are serious issues with the physics, I've been killed climbing my ship and going up stairs. Having said that these bare bones are awesome. Build an airship, shoot people who irritate you, make friends, explore.I have issues with heights, and this game gets me sweating, but you just have to do it and not think too hard about what specifically you are doing.It's epic fun."
76561198057000240,Not Recommended,322780,32117595,Posted: 1 June,all,Ish,The US server is complete cancer Kill on sight trash. Buy when trolls leave.
76561198018184696,Not Recommended,322780,35293205,Posted: 29 September,all,Tyranitar,"The idea for the game is amazing, several months ago it was all i could talk about. Lately though the game is not in a state that I would recommend. The devs behind the game have been unable to fix a duplication bug that exists in beta and is being abused everywhere. This by itself wasnt such a big deal, for a few months I managed, I stayed away from other people and played to avoid these players with ships duplicated out of end game quality materials and it was ok, I still to this day have not lost a ship to another player. What prompted me to write this review and find a new game to play after a few hundred hours of play time is the fact that yesterday morning the devs condoned the exploitation of the secretive duping, which has a direct impact and advantage over other honest paying customers. The terms of service has rules, like every other game, forbiding the exploitation of bugs known and unkown in order to gain an advantage over other players - Bossa let us know yesterday that their TOS does not apply to the game in its beta.I am disgusted by this stance and will not pick up the game to play again until the duping is either fixed, or even if it is not fixed and can not be detected and you dont feel like you can ban people for it - at the very least let players know that the exploitation of bugs to hinder the progress of another player or beta tester is not ""ok"" with you guys. It is easy enough to understand that the duping is so out of control that they dont want to risk banning too many people - but that could change if you told the players that there is a difference between discovering bugs then reporting them, and discovering bugs and exploiting them. The reset would be a great oppoutinity to reposition yourselves in a way that shows you care about the health of the beta community when it comes to the issue of duping.I urge bossa to look at other studios for examples of what to do about duplication exploits in MMOs - both in and after beta."
76561198024309350,Recommended,322780,32052470,Posted: 29 May,all,Smokahontas,This is the perfect blend of exploration/crafting/survival. There are so many fresh gameplay mechanics and hidden facets to learn. You are constantly seeing new things. I highly reccomend Worlds Adrift.
,Recommended,322780,32031877,Posted: 28 May,all,Shishiaha,"I do not give a lot of reviews. But for this treasure i will.Let's be honnest, there is a lot of bugs yes, there is freeze sometimes,and it's server dependant (or optimizing dependant).But this game is everything i love. It has grind, pvp, rare materials,random blueprints, ship construction and EXPLORATION.The community is good and bad at the first sector, but once u go through the walls,you find gentle people, cooperation and fun. Still some pirate to destroy with yourcanon too.I played a lot since it released the 25 may, and i only passedone windwall, cartographied my sector, and had so much fun.This game is amazing, really happy to see that kind of gamenowadays.I just hope developpers will add more content and more lategame. Maybe more mats and features. But at the actual state,this game has to be yours."
,Recommended,322780,31952326,Posted: 25 May,all,Sulfer-The-Cat,"As I finish creating myself and enter the world, I'm greeted with a fairly large island in front of me. The exciting grip of adventure clings to me like a kid and his lolipop. I begin my journey and drop down, becoming familiar with grapple movement from the many training islands I've previously traversed. I explore for a bit, seeing the infamous mantas I've heard so many stories of. Giving them a wide berth, I come across another drifter and we exchange greetings. After I've given the floating formation a good look over, I came to a realization that I would not be able to leave it due to lack of mineral deposits. Seeing some left over shipyard docks, I begin salvaging what I can to begin building my first ever airship. To my dismay, this angered my new-found acquaintince. Feeling the final bullet pass through my heart, I wake up on another, more promising island. I give it a bit of a scan when I see a small vessel with 2 sails flying over. Excitement and dread fill me as I decide if I should be the first to attack or exchange greetings. I decide on. The latter and we quickly become a 2 man crew, giving voyage to 2 others on the island. For the next week, we have visited a large, flat island that must have had some magical properties because we both felt sluggish and bogged down. Quickly leaving, we arrived on some ruins where we took refuge and explored. At this point, we were attacked by another ship. After grappling aboard and feeding some shots into their skin, I return to the ship to find that it had been damaged. It required nickel to repair the helm but the captain had no spare. After mining what felt like countless deposits, not a single ounce of nickel could be found.we were stranded.It took about 5 days if isolation, picking up two more crew members who joined this island untill we found one ship, one gift from the gods themselves. After a friendly exchange, I asked if he had any nickel to spare and by God did he. Trading him some of the countless lead we found, we repaired the helm and set sail to a new island, the spirit of adventure still gripping me like a hawk gripping a thick, fat morsel of food.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing great. Just watch some of the developer videos or tutorials before starting. Most of the negative reviews are people griping because they don't know what they're doing. The grapple Hook is so fun and the rp potential gets me so excited.10/10 will get marooned again"
,Recommended,322780,32977257,Posted: 29 June,all,dontlazerme,"I honestly talked alot of smack about this game when I heard my friends talking about it. But I didnt want to be left out so I picked it up. Granted it is glitchy and laggy, I dont expect much from beta's. I still really enjoy the game. I was suprised. I find myself getting lost in time and playing all day. If you dont wanna check it out now and can wait this game has potential to be AWESOME!"
,Recommended,322780,32050873,Posted: 29 May,all,✪ Gravevento,"While creating a unique gameplay and atmosphere, the game stays connected to basics of its genre. It is actually feeling like you are in an adventure. My greatest concern about this game is the server performance. Encounters with players and loadings of their ships etc. creates lag spikes. But It is still closed beta anyway and I am sure It will be fixed. We have seen worse as a community from full released games right Ubi?"
76561198280713444,Recommended,322780,31943539,Posted: 24 May,all,Calming Camomile,"Game is amazing. Free form sandbox, it doesn't hold your hand, allows you to explore. Allows you to make friends and assemble a crew from nothing (I played solo and made friends). What an amazing MMO.---I continued to play it. Do yourself a favour at these early stages and communicate with your fellow players, make discords, and make crews, and make a ship together. You can actually explore this game in it's early stages and get that wonder of discovery, and just learn things from within the game with fellow players together. I avoid reading wikis and internet stuff and the game is much more interesting, you get all the information you need from interacting and asking others. You might have a bad egg who wants to attack you, but you can always use your strength in numbers to take them down if they attack. If you cooperate, you get ahead.I'm sure there will be thrilling fights in the skies, but you keep your character progress and you can always use your actual game knowledge to get back in there quickly. The experience is a social one and I'm loving it so far. A lot to discover in this game, and you will be rewarded for it."
76561197982456724,Recommended,322780,31975638,Posted: 26 May,all,Smoey,"I am having a lot of fun with this game.at it's core, the basics Fun as hell to play, the grapple line is just as long as it needs to be and then a bit more.I bring this up first because it's done SO well.Ship building is simple yet has immense depth. without ranting for too long..Materials have grades, gvrades = better parts. Some materials have good heat dispersion=a good material for the heat sync on cannons. Some material is heavy and strong=armor.You can play with what material to use and see the weight of the part and the effected stats in real time before crafting.Early access game, there are bugs, there is lag, there are glitches, there is optimizing issues.These are release/EA problems that will get fixed. The core of the game is fun, the negative reviews are mostly focusing on lag, crashes, bugs. These I dont feel warrent a negative review.100% reccomend"
76561197987253515,Recommended,322780,31994916,Posted: 27 May,all,Gigamosh,"Fresh take on a fimiliar stly of game, but this time it's done right. Hopefully they just fix all the technical problems with the game and it will be perfect."
,Recommended,322780,31945680,Posted: 24 May,all,Mr. Lasagna,"Definitely in alpha, not beta. Servers are laggy and there are lots of players, yes, but this is launch day. This will likely improve in the very near future. That said, this game is fun playing with friends or solo. It's a very pleasant experience flying from island to island, upgrading your ship, and discovering new items."
,Recommended,322780,31968884,Posted: 26 May,all,Sheepii,11/10Pirate spiderman simulator.
,Not Recommended,322780,32137386,Posted: 2 June,all,Waylon Jeepers,"This game has great ambitions, I am glad to have supported a bright idea, I hope they one day optimize the game to run correctly, until then I cannot reccomend the game, If you want to pay for a cloud sailing simulator, please by all means do not let my comment deter you, but this game has terrible combat, I would not suggest you spend a dime if you're at all interested in the survival aspect of the game against other players, because the way it works now is complete garbage, I hope they fix the problems!"
76561197998508063,Recommended,322780,31978151,Posted: 26 May,all,Uzukeo,"Worlds adrift is fun and very challenging building a ship is complicated and takes physics into account, it really feels like your putting your heart into a ship when you build it. Be warned this game does not hold your hand and solid  info on things is not easy to come by. Just like rust be prepared to lose everything a few times before you get going. If you can figure it out it really is worth it and i believe it can only get better."
76561198317788954,Recommended,322780,33019200,Posted: 29 June,all,Mind Of Madness,"I really enjoy the always on the edge of your seat game play. Never knowing if that ship passing by is friendly or not until you hear the cannons fire...I've only had a few PVP encounters but all were thrilling to say the least.Pro tip: build a fast ship or find  a few friends, even then its wise to have a fast ship."
76561198005737324,Not Recommended,322780,35318969,Posted: 29 September,all,jdc017,I would absolutly love to recomend this gamem It is a beautiul concept and just plain fun to fly the shipsBut at this stage i cant quite recomend it unless your like seriously unpolished beta games.I basicly have to stop playing this game for awhile due to its dysync problems i have had litterally 20 attempts trying to get trough sandwall andf my ship is fine everything is foinf fine n boom client freezes for a few seconds and im no longer in the shipI have even tried riding with other players on their ships and still have the same result.  it also sucks to log back in randomly and spawn underneath your shipp falling to your doomSo i will stop playing this game to give them time to polish it but if they ever find a way to lock you to a ship while repairing in flight and nope grapple lets go half the time on lag spike.But yea once those problems are fixed this may end up the single best unity game ever created
,Recommended,322780,31962302,Posted: 25 May,all,Sim0nlee,"Guns of Icarus, Space Engineers, and Rust all got together. They had a few drinks then promptly produced Worlds Adrift.Build things, or don't. Fly around, or catch a ride. Make friends, or slaughter them. Decisions decisions.---But no seriously; wasn't sure about the game but decided to dive in anyway. Seems pretty nice, quite a pretty game with plenty of opportunity to be a complete♥♥♥♥♥or make friends. If you enjoyed Rust or Eve online I'd reccommend this game to you."
,Recommended,322780,31981462,Posted: 26 May,all,hwow,"Great game, a few lagg spikes now and then but thats only because they didn't reckon it would get this big.Building and crafting in this game is fantastic doesn't take long to make a ship and fly off to another island. When your ship is stolen or destroyed it's easy to rebuild it.Also like the idea of getting knowledge. With knowledge you will be able to get more schematics, so more craftable items for you ship. To find knowledge you will have to travel to other island.If you are in games like rust I bet you are going to enjoy playing this."
,Recommended,322780,35245639,Posted: 27 September,all,Pernando Alomso,"Dear Devlopers, please read this:PvP vs PvE topic could be resolved if they add PvE content. Right now, theres no sense to do PvE, just to get meat to cook. Farming and building your ship is not PvE, it's a core mechanic. There's 0 reward for killing mantas or those flying bees, but a lot if you PvP as you can get an entire ship full of materials.That means, PvPvE is completely unbalanced.Also, teaming up means multipling farming, firing turrets (burst and DPS), repairing (healing) and driving your ship (speed, agility, movement stats).Considering that an average random solo player has ZERO tools or game mechanics to face up and to defend theirselves other than running away or dying, this games is NOT READY for random players or MMO, as they'll find 0 interest on spending hours for feeding PvP players, so once game mechanics are llearned and surprise effect is lost, they quit.Just ADD some interactive and rewarding PvE content to balance it vs PvP rewards.It's a great game, but imo you gotta balance it and let it be more enjoyable and soft for more random skill level players.PD: From a player with +250H played and +95% patterns learned."
,Recommended,322780,32050336,Posted: 29 May,all,Ray Charles,"Have almost as much time played in 3 days as I have total in No Man's Sky and this game isn't even released yet.In the 25 hours that I've played so far as a solo player here are the pros and cons:Pros:- Crafting system that rewards exploring and working with other players as you can mix and match schematics to build higher quality ships with friends-Physics based so everything you build has weight/power -- if an engine falls off or is misplaced your ship will pull in the direction-Islands are relatively well designed and a lot of them contain secret areas that require exploring to find-Materials make a difference in ship design and performance allowing you to min/max-Interesting progression concept with wind-walls/storm-walls/etc. as it requires not only a good ship to cross but also skill in piloting your ship-Non-voxel based ship building which allows you to make ships of almost any shape and size that you desire (with limitations explained in the cons section)-Flight, while boring at first, quickly becomes more fun as you start to get a better ship. Finally getting through the windwall after hours of trial and error was one of the most satisfying feelings I've had in a video game in a while.Most of the cons could potentially be attributed to the Beta so I'll  try to split them upCons:-Chests on each island are very difficult to find possibly due to the number of people in the starting areas. This makes progressing via schematics very difficult especially once you've explored the islands in a sector and gathered all of the knowledge from those islands-Griefing/PvP -- Don't get me wrong I love PvP only worlds as they ensure that you aren't being handheld the entire time but the current state of the game punishes solo players as there's no way of securing your ship when exploring and griefers are much more advantaged as they are able to continually respawn on the same island and sabotage any attempts of you escaping without any loss themselves. This is mostly due to the fact that bullets/guns can be stored on a belt and one could theoretically store hundreds of shots of ammunition without needing to mine more.-The ship-building screen, while a great concept, is currently difficult to use as the click and dragging method of modifying a ship with the really bad camera angles and model scaling can cause your frame to not come out the way you want it to. This with the fact that salvaging/reclaiming ships is still buggy and incomplete makes it a pain to build a ship model that you enjoy and has no quirks/flaws.-No melee weapons -- difficult to hit enemies when they are jumping about like madmen. Having a melee weapon or even a blunderbuss would help as a deck-clearing method.I'll edit my review with more as I continue playing the game."
,Recommended,322780,32048285,Posted: 29 May,all,MLG Chicken The 420th,I've been waiting for the game since I first heard about it a year ago. And I can safly say that it was worth the wait.
76561198089983704,Recommended,322780,35059742,Posted: 19 September,all,Outis Polytropos,"If you're a fan of multiplayer crafting, exploration, and survival-based games, buy it.It innovates on the genre in so many ways, including being hosted on massive, (MMORPG-like) regional servers instead of private ones that have a small game-world and population cap.Speaking of the game-world, it's pretty huge. The islands are community designed, and many of them are truly stunning.The physics engine is a little wonky - the game is in Closed Beta - but is the backbone of some of the most unique gameplay that I've ever experienced. Your grappling hook is your best friend, and is endlessly amusing (even when it's frustrating).Ship-building is a lot of fun (if you're into that kind of thing), and the design interface is easy to use without limiting complexity, though I'd like to see some more elements added in the future.Navigating and flying around in your creation - that's even more fun. Don't get too attached to your airship, though. Pirates roam the skies.Even when you're the shot out the skies by marauders who ""just need some target practice,"" though, it never takes excessively long to get back to roaming the skies - the ""grind"" for materials and experience (""Knowledge,"" which unlocks advanced engines, wings, and cannons) isn't so bad. It's a cycle of hopping from island to island, gaining Knowledge and schematics for items from exploring them, farming materials, having your ship stolen or blown to bits by pirates, building a better (or temporary) one to replace it, and moving onward. In that way, the game can be an exercise in detachment, and I often find the game-loop (especially just exploring) to be rather relaxing.That's my experience as a solo player thus far. I've spent a lot of time alone, but another player is never too far off. Many of them have been pirates, but I've also met some friendly veterans who've helped me out, I've provided help to some noobs myself, and I've just started to befriend a few people who want to unite to protect people against pirates.I'll update this review once I get to some more advanced content and dive deeper into PvP."
,Recommended,322780,34194956,Posted: 12 August,all,Wokkipannu,"The game is a lot of fun. Created a ship, couldn't get it to move. After an hour I realized I hadn't opened the mast.A lot of people seem to complain here about the players, but from the nearly 10 hours I have now on the game, there aren't that many players and if there are, they aren't hostile. I haven't been attacked by a player yet. I have however, received help from another player who kindly provided me some large panels for my ship and gave some advice.There are some really bad issues with this game though, and that's the lag spikes. Whenever I left an island and traveled to a new one, there was a huge lag spike inbetween. Also when I traveled through the first windwall, there was a lag spike on the other side. Sometimes these lag spikes are fairly harmless but sometimes they also may kill you. So whenever you're traveling, it's recommended that you do not carry anything outside of your belt."
76561198042419978,Not Recommended,322780,35210832,Posted: 25 September,all,vallenshield,I got hiped about this game when i saw it and it is fun to play. I will recomend it only if you like hard ships.but sence I got the game I started to see some problems on the side of the deves being incomptent. What I mean is games in alpha and bata that are being maid well people play them should get things like save wipes for singal player games or server wipes for mmos do to exploits of the old version will still be affecting game data if the players can keep the stuff they exploted witch upsets game balance and data for the devs to balance the game properly.So as it sits I will not recomend this game do to incomptient devs.
,Not Recommended,322780,35456309,Posted: 3 October,all,Solear,"I've played it for roughly 2 days. Basically waste of money and time unless you are hardcore PVP fan.It would be an interesting Solo game or PvE, but as I was informed later in the forum, the devs said that it will be PVP only.From the PvP I've only seen that after 2 days of gathering after I was finally able to build a ship and fly to the 2 neighbouring  islands and out of nowhere 2 folks dropped on my ship, shoot me 5 times and started dismantling my ship and stole my cargo. I tried to communicate with them, but they were not interested with any chat.The guys on the forum seemed to be very engaging and helpful, but to be honest, until they implement better measures against griefers, or PVE  / Solo play, the game itself is not for the faint of heart. If someone would buy it for the style or the building be warned that whatever you build / gather will be stolen, your ship destroyed and you cannot do much about it. As I've heared people mentioned this to the devs, but they only said that guidelines are not applicable for the beta so they won't do anything about it.As many people before me I can confirm that it is a fun game until you meet with other people ingame. I'd love to play it more as well, but there's no point in wasting time and energy with this until the Devs implement something seroius about this kind of behavior. This could have been a family friendly game as well, but in the current state it is only good to incite anger.Besides all this, it supposed to be a beta test, but there's no ingame bug reporting tool, only a forum where you can report bugs. It would be better to call it beta version instead since there's no testing involved."
76561198008252044,Recommended,322780,32214510,Posted: 5 June,all,A Spitfire in the Night,"This is my first review. I feel like this game deserves it.Its one of those games where you can tell some good design and love went into the early stages of the making;You have amazing control on the character with the grappling hook and climbing, very fun learning curve there.This game makes you be what you want to be, it helps you with good design: want to explore alone? be a trader? a pirate? everything works cause there is way more than PvP in the game and players feel rewarded for playing however they like.This is achieved by the huge size of the world, safestorage option and research that the game gives you..You will think before killing a solo wanderer because from his corpse you could get less than if you traded or exchanged blueprint with him.. encounters a rare-ish so they can be fun and meaningful, this happened to me many times.The ship and island crafting are also top notch.Right now i think the game is a bit more overpopulated than it should and will be and its not perfectly optimized yet, but getting better by the day.This game is NOT another survival game.. its a new step in the future of gaming, closed beta and already gave me 20 hours of epic solo playtime.9/10"
76561198404769987,Not Recommended,322780,35264525,Posted: 28 September,all,Kagami,The developers are not taking cheating seriously enough. This game is a joke now.
,Not Recommended,322780,35236626,Posted: 26 September,all,VampiricDust,"While I love the game idea, concept, and future plans, I would not recommend anyone to buy this game.The developers have no interest in punishing anyone exploiting bugs or glitches such as duping, inventory glitching, or any other exploited bug.  The only reason to get the game is if you love breaking the rules that most other games have against such abuses, but if you prefer legit gameplay, this game is not for you.The game is in no state to be paid for, the community interactions are spotty and sporadic, and staff are more willing to forgive exploiters than protect legitimet players from them. My advice, wait until release and see if this has changed before you buy, otherwise you may just quit and waste your money."
,Recommended,322780,33629373,Posted: 18 July,all,michaeljoe420,"I see alot of people complaining about being murdered by endgame players and decided to throw my perspective in on some things. 19 hrs played and i have never even seen endgame ships, the 1 endgame player i saw didnt destroy me yet gave me the schematics on fabricators for 4 atlas core upgrades which are super rare and essential to progress. 8/10 players i see mind their own business or just say Hi and continue on their way. When you do find someone to get in a fight with its a blast, ship on ship combat is awsome esspecially if your not solo and have people to man cannons and fly simultaneously. There is a bit of piracy, those players who arnt so friendly might try to GTA your ship so be careful when not docked at a shipyard. I have GTAed 2 ships, it was actually the first thing i did starting the game. Walked out spawn box thingy saw a ship grappled on, the driver jumped off and i drove away lol. Over all this is an awsome game with some really cool ideas and mechanics. But it does have its short comings which im sure will be adressed. Servers are laggy right now from the influx of new players. New schematics are hard to find, finding them is a grind because you have to fly to a new island and at each one you may find 1-2 schematic boxs with 1-2 schematics in them. Half the time i find things i already have like my sixth chest bp. those are the only real problems ive had. Id say give the game a try either now or on full release."
76561197976210593,Not Recommended,322780,35262896,Posted: 28 September,all,archaegeo,"The game has a ton of potential and is a lot of fun.However, as of today (9/28/17) the company condones the continued use of exploiting so long as it is reported, per this blog post:""https://www.worldsadrift.com/blog/bossas-stance-cheating-hacking-bugs/""Specifically: ""At the moment we do not consider the discovery and use of bugs as cheating so long as they are reported to us using the appropriate channels""I cannot recommend the game in this state.  Since those who know exploits are now allowed to use them to their advantage over other players.  That isnt testing, thats exploiting that ruins other players experience."
,Recommended,322780,31995064,Posted: 27 May,all,Frit0z,"After 2 days and 25 hours played i think that speaks volumes about the game. The research seems boring at first but it does promote exploration. Ships are easy to build even if you have to restart from scratch. Once you learn the ropes you can make a ship to tackle the wind wall. These are kinda gearchecks because you will need engines and wings to get through them.Beware of other players, not all are nice. Ive had my fair share of run ins with people that just want to grief you. Its a little frustrating, but I am looking forward to some big ship battles in the late game on this."
76561197971369069,Recommended,322780,31948476,Posted: 25 May,all,fishyFUNK,"first hour got blapped ded on the head by a falling tree... watch out for those. I also killed someone for messing with my shipyard, took his stuff.. he then respawned, made a gun and killed me back. When I respawned I see him flying away with my first ship.. that jerk. Well played. This game is super fun and I hope they continue to add to it!"
76561198156234522,Recommended,322780,34371294,Posted: 20 August,all,KingTGamer CSGORoll.com,"I will start of by saying that this game is amazing. It has such a good potential and has already blown my mind. This is a game that gets 100x better if you have someone to play with. However, it's still possible to play alone, which is what I started as.As soon as I loaded up the main screen, I was in love, the graphics, the setting etc. I made my character with the easy, but small, character customization part. I chose my server and hit play. It took a while loading in and I thought the game had crashed several times, but it just took a while. Once I got in, the first 30 seconds were none stop lag. But after that it was all silky smooth.I had no idea what I was doing, There were no tutorial, no hints, no nothing. Just me stranded on this island with little to no knowledge about the game. I tried all the usual buttons and found the ""Knowledge"" tab, and knew what i had to do. I started scanning everything, and I mean EVERYTHING. Once I had enough knowledge I made my own first ship. It wasn't good and it bearly worked. But I liked it. And so I started my adventure, learning wings, engines and cannons. Got myself some friends to play with and it just became amazing. Such a good game.Now it does have some really annoying parts. There are many glitches and bugs as you can expect from an early access game. You could instantly die if one of your newly made ship parts spassed out and hit you. When you dock your ship sometimes it wont let you move your ship parts. And worst of them all. The game can just suddenly freeze for 10-30 seconds. And in that time you can get killed and so on. It has happened that many times once the lag is over, I just die for no reason. But what can you expect?I would definetly recommend this game to everyone, however you have to be patient. The game is really time consuming and requires a ton of patience. I love it, I'm sure most of you will."
76561198140745160,Recommended,322780,34225752,Posted: 13 August,all,danielfill610983,"I love the game so far, the only work i think it needs so far is that ship frame design could be a little more flexible, and i would hope that my brother would be able to play wiht me in the future. please increase the limit of copies of the game."
76561198067726337,Recommended,322780,34241325,Posted: 14 August,all,Evil Pip,I like the way you can build ships and you do not have to start over from scratch to learn plans. It is however very slow. I would like to see missions or a campaign some time in the future. I would like even more dangerous creatures on the Island and possibly AI to fight in zones.
,Recommended,322780,34241971,Posted: 14 August,all,Jagerune,Another early in development game.The shipbuilding ideas are fresh and interesting.Exploration is encouraged and challenging.Grapple rope is awesome.
,Recommended,322780,35045148,Posted: 18 September,all,SCE_Cereal Spiller,"Beautiful and artistic game.Spawn in and farm wood/metal.Build a ship!Start flying.Pirates pwn you bootyhole from behind.This is like rust with flying boats.I do love the game, but you're going to need friends.Don't get me wrong, it's glitchy, and the noob zones have lag spikes like crazy due to the amount of people, but once you get out of the wilderness it's not too bad, but there are more pirates.. If you don't get salty about losing your stuff and have a few people to play with, this game is great.  But it's open-world PVP, and there are some seriously good pirates out there!"
76561198322638420,Recommended,322780,34651141,Posted: 31 August,all,Koalafied,"This game is what early access SHOULD be; continous fixes from the devs, learning from and listening to the community, and all for $35. It's not a cash grab like most early access games are; you can tell that the developers really care about it.While there isn't much to do on each island, the amount of islands in general and the diversity of each is enough to keep you satisfied, especially if you have a friend or two with you. Trying to push my way through the storm wall that surrounds the place you start at was one of the most epic things I've done in this game.The only problem I have with this game is the lack of content there is on the islands (which is to be expected from an Early Access game). Other than that, I'd highly recommend this to anybody who's interested in a fresh free roaming MMO."
76561198052646088,Recommended,322780,35250214,Posted: 27 September,all,MJY,"its a good game, but don`t expect to go do pvp right away, in my 3 day starting up i spend 2 days w/o seeing anyone , as i stayed on the same island, its slow going and it got potential, not sure if its worth 40$ at it is, but its fun as u get better stuff to make your ship, i`m solo still fun, but prob shines as u get a crew on the ship, game is almost made for u and some friends"
76561198351255166,Recommended,322780,34976361,Posted: 15 September,all,Cookiemonstr,"Beautiful melancholic mmo game with innovative mobility mechanic, but lag spikes not helpful to maintaining control of your ship.Got an access key from a friend that stopped playing after his ship straight up dissappeared, killing me in the process. I've made three ships now because ive died while driving my ship in the open space between islands. standing upright on the helm no mantas in sight. suddenly ive died. hookshotting yourself to the ship seems to help if you only get knocked out. also recurring bug where if my ship is still going full speed when i died, ill fall to my death again when im respawning 20 meters behind my ship. Waited a good 2 minutes during one of these instances before respawning to ensure i hit a wind wall and my ship wasnt moving anymore.I reccomend despite these frustrating deaths in hopes they'll be patched in the near future.I'm mainly in it to hookshot everything anyways so i cant be mad about dumb deaths."
76561198094207335,Recommended,322780,32877018,Posted: 27 June,all,QuackyFace,"First of all these people need to know that this game is a beta, and probably not close to full release. People giving out full reviews of this game and criticising is nonsense. They are keeping up with this game and its potential is unbelievable. This game has some of the best mechanics i have ever seen. Yes there is bugs and glitches, but you cope with them in a beta like this. Game idea and how it works i give props for. Wait if you have no patience for full release. If you are dedicated wait for a batch of keys.Your choice..."
,Recommended,322780,32375646,Posted: 12 June,all,Cribisgangsta,"Love the game. Loads of potential to go further. Server lag is definitely an issue so far - though Bossa has plans to improve the servers dramatically.Expect to fly around on crazy airships you design. Expect to be attacked by pirating players. Expect to explore. Expect to die...Often(with little reppercusion.)Don't expect the game to be finished, let alone polished. However, if you appreciate it for what it is currently, you'll have a ton of fun."
76561198056932013,Not Recommended,322780,34149218,Posted: 10 August,all,TankCrew,"The game is an amazing concept and a joy to play with friends, however one of the greatest issues I face is even before I enter the servers it constantly crashes. Unfortunately waiting 5 to 10 minutes for every 3 out of 5 times I play to load the game is frustrating for me, I would wait untill this game is optimised."
76561198007367308,Recommended,322780,34493767,Posted: 25 August,all,{FOX} Rusty,"Exciting Exploration Game - Needs friendlier options!Do you like crafting, and exploration games? You'll love this game!Do you also love stealing things from other people under the auspices of 'it is a free-form game!'? You'll love this game!This game really needs to go back into the oven and bake a bit more. Here's why:PvE and Ship/Item protection Options - A free for all PvP environment really only benefits those who were banned from playing RUST, DayZ or any of the other gank-fest games out there. If this is your thing, my apologies, and get back to 'er!Keep working out those Unity Bugs. It was very frustrating to hit a ton of lag, and basically lag-off of my ship while being pursued by Manta's. Other annoying bugs concern having precious ship components you spent considerable time learning and gathering the materials for getting dropped under the geo for the ground and going away.Reasons to group together, build a community and perhaps do more than sift through the ruins of a shattered world.I loved my visit to Worlds Adrift, but I'm glad I don't live there, and I'm glad I don't have to buy copies of this game for my kids just yet. My fingers are crossed that the game become more accessible to people who don't want to murder and steal (or vice versa) while playing a very cool exploration game."
,Recommended,322780,34709367,Posted: 3 September,all,Armitxes,I believe I can fly <3
76561198095149506,Not Recommended,322780,34301737,Posted: 17 August,all,Schuit,"It's impossible to play this game solo. Not hard, impossible.1. You cannot get your feet beneath you and learn the game, without someone killing you for your stuff. Yes, you can shoot back, but they'll win, whether you're good at shooters or not.2. By the time you've random spawned twice, and decided to play at midnight, you can finally gather some supplies. You get about a thousand wood and thousand metal and go to build your ship.3. On making the frame, a GIANT SIGNAL BEACON of a dome appears, announcing to the island ""Hey, I have stuff, come kill me.""and then a 3 layer ship comes with it's crew of 2 to 3, and kill you, repetitively, just for fun. Out of random respawns? and dont want to go to the personal respawner they're camping? Just go to the island respaw- oh, that's right, they're flying a ship over the island.Long story short, unless this game makes people invincible in domes as they build their ships, it's never going to be fun for people. I gave this game many MANY hours trying to look past the needless newb killing, but it doesn't go away."
76561198132854610,Not Recommended,322780,34843726,Posted: 9 September,all,StereoMutt,"Don't let the negative review fool you too much, as Worlds Adrift is obviously still in beta and meant for player testing. I absolutely love the concept, mechanics, and art style that this game offers, as my friends and I had a ton of fun looking through islands, falling off ships, and barely grappling back up to the helm before crashing into our impending doom.Where the negativity starts is with the very unbalanced PvP. As much as the idea of pirates is interesting, it's absolute hell when new players meet with other groups from the end game zones; While some are nice, a majority of them have the collective goal to make your life miserable. I have had countless encounters of crews of 5+ players attacking either just me solo, or myself and a friend in which we both agree isveryunfair. It upsets me when people who have already completed most of the game seem to have the need to go back to the starting zones to prey on new players for their own satisfaction (which happens very often). I hope Bossa allows us to play this game in a more peaceful way later on, focusing on one of the greater points of the game, being cooperation among crews, and the sense of exploration, instead of looking over your shoulder, anxious that a hostile battleship is hovering close behind you."
76561198019728947,Not Recommended,322780,33747855,Posted: 23 July,all,Canadian,I really want to say yes to this game but with a lack of players and tutorial makes the game weak and boring. there is a lot of fun in the first 3 to 4 hours after that the game gets really boring you. i have played the last 4 days and seen olney 1 person and that was a friend thata has the game i will say there is a good start here but give a year or two before you buy. but i will say with a bit of work this can be a great game yesso now with over 100h played i can say this this game is 1 to 2 years off being done the bugs are over welming and ther knolage system is in need of major over haul been roolling t4 engins now cant get♥♥♥♥♥♥with more then 20 power and running out of knolage to get and bugs my god i get this is beta but you cant evin get wings to stay out side your ship they bug in side with in it  pvp is broken to all hell people can get lucky and bug out to a point that they dont take damage at all tested it with friends masterd it now i dont die in pvp i really love the consept with this game i just wish the devs would play and see what a♥♥♥♥♥♥pile they have madewith a few changes this would be one of the best games i ever got on steam and if they would reset the Knolage once a week i would want to play more and give me a reason to go back to islands but right now all i have to do is kill noobs on t1 islands cause thats all thats left for me and thats not fun killing t1 ships with game braking bugs its boring all i can say is i really want to love this game and on a side note give every one a dam glider would fix so much make it standerd its not broken if every one has one it is the reason i got the game and i love to use it
,Recommended,322780,33308830,Posted: 6 July,all,JeffTheSlender,"I love this game, although it's much more fun with friends/a crew to control a ship.if you decide to buy this game, I recommend finding players to play with.Awesome game though"
,Recommended,322780,33310387,Posted: 6 July,all,Dragon Pixie,I love this game and wish i could upgrade my founders pack without purchasing a whole new one!! World's Adrift does not hold your hand so be ready to take some time and figure out how things work or find some people to help you learn. Once you get going though it is a very fun game!
,Recommended,322780,33310186,Posted: 6 July,all,ᅚExecutioner,"A fun game, would suggest finding a friend or two to start with. Currenly since they are just opening the floodgates on steam, it really sucks to start out on most islands, as there are plenty of kids who shoot on sight and try to steal/destroy ships on sight. Game is basically 100% pvp, your ship can be jumped on and stolen in maybe 5 seconds. You can easily be shot (press tab and drag your pistol onto your hotbar, also drag it into the lower (toolbelt) inventory with bullets so it's kept on death). If you happen to lose your pistol you can easily craft another/bullets by dragging mined ore into the crafting slots."
,Recommended,322780,32596770,Posted: 20 June,all,[Tac7]❎cake,Very well made game with its fair share of bugs atleast for now. I still would absolutely recommend buying the game as it is a hell of a lot of fun. I do have to warn anyone thinking about buying the game that it can be very difficult surviving on your own and i recommend you to get friends and take to the skies!
76561198068615864,Recommended,322780,33022901,Posted: 29 June,all,aeverlore,"The game isn't stable, but once the game releases I will definitely get it and play it for hours."
,Recommended,322780,34651022,Posted: 31 August,all,Avaki,Ship/cannon fights are epic!
76561198075432964,Not Recommended,322780,33798595,Posted: 25 July,all,Madam Librarian,"I want to like this game. I really do. I love airships and a game where I get to build one and explore a massive world? I was delighted to have stumbled upon Worlds Adrift.However, I cannot recommend it right now, primarily due to the toxic community that this game hosts. I'm sorry, but when the words ""band together"" are the first couple of words in a game's description, I expect to encounter players in game that are willing to cooperate and help each other out. Instead, this game ends up being much like any other ""survival horror,"" everyone shoots on sight while spewing the most sickening curses and foul language that they can. I had to go out of my way, via posting in forums, to find someone willing to show me the ropes and help me explore. Only then was I able to really enjoy the game, and even then we were griefed often and sometimes for no reason, other than to just kill for the sake of killing (considering I had no more loot on me during one of these murder sessions).Devs, I like the idea you are trying to promote here but the reality is; the people that grief, they aren't willing to follow rules or be ""polite."" They don't care if you're a new player that just barely started or a veteran. Simply they want to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff up and they'll do it. So...unless you make some kind of safe guard, or penalty against griefing (vet. players should not be able to access beginning areas. Just saying. :/ ), I think I'll let this game slowly rot away in my library.Please decide whether you want the game to be a survival shoot everyone on sight-thing or ship builder-exploration MMO. Because the reality is much more like the former than the latter. And yes, I realize PIRATING and PvP and such but...They could really go about making pirating a bit more fair, a bit more balanced and ALOT more fun, especially for newer players.TLDR;- Griefers everywhere, new players have no protection against veterans, there is no real penalty for killing new players (balanced much?)- While there might be a couple of people willing to help a solo player, you will not find them in game. Either bring friends or search the forums, praying you find some merciful soul to help you out- Don't advertise for an adventure / exploration game and then allow its population to be filled with players who immediately discourage / put a stop to that. :/(I mention the above point because playing this game solo, I didn't even get the chance to build my ship, kept getting killed, and my ship kept getting destroyed. What's the point of a sky exploration game if I can't even get out of the starting area?)"
76561198296863030,Not Recommended,322780,35233763,Posted: 26 September,all,Dragons7694,"Ok so you want a game that runs well on an average computer, well DONT! Look here. This game's overall idea is amaising but the way you guys excuted it was a fail because it lags so mutch ypu cant eaven look left and right, oh but furst you need to get to a game server have fun getting 20 of your life back you spent waiting for this crappy performance game. Over all CHANGE THE ATENTION TO DETAIL FOR SLOWER PCS"
,Recommended,322780,32008767,Posted: 27 May,all,Lowerfuzzball,"Its great foundation and will (hopefully) get better!Biggest gripes are server performance, poor optimization, and PvP concerns. But, with all that considered, it has really fun mechanics and is the most fun I've had in a survival game in a long time."
76561197984979507,Not Recommended,322780,33995154,Posted: 3 August,all,Dominance,"Game has a great deal of potential and I hope to come back to a finished product. As of right now how ever, The game has way to many issues to be fun for the average player. The main time sink of the game is to find schematics/upgrades which gives your randomly generate variants of the same type/model of engine/wings/whatever. Its very much poorly done. The ship building aspect  which is the main draw to this game. Is also very poorly done. For instance you can edit the starting frames shape and size. Only downside is only certain widths allow for decks to be installed. You wont know if a deck is going to generate until you waste material to start crafting it. Also another aspect of the game is I guess ship to ship combat. In 35.5 hours I never once fired a cannon on another ship or had one fire at me. Most of my time was spent randomly dieing on my ship. Loosing everything including ships to random unknown issues. You do have a belt slot which allows you to keep some items. I think until they get the blantant issues of random lag/deaths figured out they should turn off full loot drops."
76561198042691654,Not Recommended,322780,34051678,Posted: 5 August,all,userwins,"If they dont fix all the pirate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in this game then don't even bother.  If the next update is just some atlas pulse thing, defintily don't buy it (it won't help).People(pirates) have family sharing steam or w/e so they can create 2 ships and bank all their items.  Pirates just glitch with timed explosives and ragdoll button to get to anywhere in the game and then become invincible.  They then salvage one part of your ship (while you are lagging like crazy and even if you could hit them it wouldnt do anything) and your whole ship explodes and all your time has been wasted.don't even think about playing this game soloGreat concept, fun for the first few hours in noob area (probably just got lucky, you can get pirated in there too) but then just greifers everywhere that ruin everything and the game doesn't do anything about it.*edit*Forgot to mention the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ♥♥♥♥ing MANTAS.  FFS don't put broken♥♥♥♥♥ game breaking, instant ship destroying flying manta rays in the game if its not complete and just causes so much lag/♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. WTF???"
,Not Recommended,322780,34232094,Posted: 14 August,all,DucK,Stopped being fun after I was constantly having to be paranoid about my ship every time I left it.
76561198039769040,Not Recommended,322780,33395563,Posted: 8 July,all,xBIGMANNx,This game is great in theory. It has a lot of cool and fun stuff........ THEN..... after you build for hours and collect and put♥♥♥♥♥♥together. It take 3 seconds for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag griefers to just stip your ship in mid air as they teleport to your ship from a MILE away. What is the point in spending time playing this if it literally takes a few seconds to lose it to some immature fools? DO NOT BUY THIS GAME until at least the devs consider their player base and the time that they pend on THEIR game.
,Not Recommended,322780,34156533,Posted: 10 August,all,El3ctr1c,"I love this game so much but after you get t4 with all blueprints it gets kinda stale, it needs more content or this game is going to die, Basebuilding is an idea, Even if it is an exploration game. But the current state the game is in i couldnt reccomend it at all for 35$"
,Recommended,322780,32337101,Posted: 11 June,all,Juliann,"This game is honestly amazing. I know that there are people that are complaining about issues that people are killing them repeatdly. Something that people need to understand is that is not going to happen to everyone and everyone is going to go through a different experience when they are playing this game. Yes, there is lag in the game and it will happen but honestly if you are patient and calm you could handle it. Worlds Adrift is definitely fun with a couple of friends I have played the game for more than 50 hours and im enjoying it more and more. There is plenty to discover and explore and there are various ways that you could play the game. If I were you pick it up and see the positive side to the game. Always remember that if you dont ejojy the game within the first hours you could always refund. Thanks for reading! :)"
,Not Recommended,322780,35260398,Posted: 28 September,all,Minako,"It was a very promising game, but too many cheaters/dupers. The developers are not banning them."
,Not Recommended,322780,34652576,Posted: 31 August,all,🅿🆂🆈🅲🅷🅾,"This game is great. Not perfect, but great. Im glad they finally put in some safety measures for when other players who like to troll you on your ship. Now you can just push them off, but there is still problems. I don't like that you always have to worry about leaving your ship to explore. There should be some safemeasures of docking your ship safely and not have to worry about others finding it and stealing it. Or worse, destroying it. I dont have friends who play these type of open world sandbox games, so I am a solo player. I finally build a good ship and now don't really want to play because I don't want to loose it. I have been stranded on islands that had very little resorces and tons of enemies. I couldnt cut a single tree without being attacked. There were also like 3 rocks to get metal from on the entire island, so it took me logging in and out for 2 days to gather enough mats to finally build a ship and get off the island. I also don't like that I can only learn a certain amount of Blueprints before I have to start spending knowledge points on learning more. If I find one, I should be able to learn it. Now im stuck with 5 good blueprints but cant use them because I need to unlock a slot with 80 knowledge and the biggest knowledge item only gives 30. With bugs in the game (expected because early access) im always flying and then all of a sudden its like I hit a speed bump in the sky that flings me off the ship so fast, I cant even grapple it to save my life. So, I have now lost all the items i was hunting knowledge to learn. This sucks and made me start playing less. What is a fun game, is easily ruined by the limitations to learn, and inability to play with friends. For solo players, id say to stay away from this. It is co-op heavy and not made to enjoy alone."
,Not Recommended,322780,34595951,Posted: 29 August,all,Prime,"Presents as a relaxed sandbox game in appearance and on paper, is actually Rust with easier to destroy mobile bases and ship to ship cannons that'd be more at home on an old galleon than an airship. Other players with salvage gauntlets are the bane of existence, and there is no single player or PVE mode with which to casually enjoy the game with friends. You can eithe play this to a high level, with friends, or you bought the game simple to be prey for others willing to invest the time and develop the teamwork. If you have a job, I don't recommend this one. Its more suitable for those on unemployment, welfare, or the retired."
,Not Recommended,322780,34385496,Posted: 20 August,all,zannon34,what can i sayonly 1 thingthe game designer need to start listening to the players about what is going on in the gameas it will never get out of beta play due to pvp'er groups streaming to make money all they want to do is destroy evey ship in the game as the pvp groups only see this game as a cash cowso buy and play at own risk
,Not Recommended,322780,34026416,Posted: 4 August,all,TrashButt,"Spawn into a world where all of the resources are already taken, and immediately get killed by a group of players. Respawn, get killed by another group of players. Respawn, oh nice no players around. Spend an hour or two collecting resources to build a ship, get killed by a group of players and have your ship destroyed/stolen. Start all over. One of the worst starting experiences for any game ever."
,Recommended,322780,32393236,Posted: 13 June,all,Troy,One of the best game idea Ive seen. Extremely fun to play with friends and pirate other players10/10 would recommmend this game was worth every dollar to me
,Not Recommended,322780,33997710,Posted: 3 August,all,Alissa LeNoir,"Though I love the concept of the game idea, At the current time I have to give the game a negative review and Ill explain why...Closed beta games are ment for a period of time in which game devs spend FIXING BUGS/ISSUES in the game... That is not so with Worlds Adrift. Every 2 to 3 days ""founder packs"" are put up for sale, at a high price of $65 USD, More than fully finished games charge... Which fine, I get it, you need to make money.. But then your NOT PATCHING NOTHING!... I check every day for updates.. Been checking every single day for updates to this game and nothing, Just posts of ""more founders packs for sale""....The game constantly, non stop lags. Their servers are over populated, the game is very unoptimized. Players dont need to worry of ""PVP"" in this game as Ive seen in other reviews.. You will build a ship, get flying, the server will lag, you will die, your ship will get lost, and you will start over... again, and again,... and again...... and AGAIN!.... Through all my time on the game thus far, Ive never been killed by another player, But Im constantly non stop killed by lag while flying..and no, It is NOT my pc...AMD 9590 8 core 4.7 ghz cpu overclocked to 5.2 ghz. (water cooled)64 gigs of ram clocked at 1866 mhz,Two Asus Radeon R9 390x 8 gig GDDR5 graphics cards crossfired together,6 1tb SSD drives setup into 3 raid 0's (doubles the read/write speeds of SSD's in raid 0's for noobs)and a Fiber Optics net connection of 750 MBPS up, and down.So all in all, bottom line of my review... The game is the worst running game of all time, and the devs are only interested in claiming its ""closed beta"" while selling keys every 2 - 3 days..... and I mostly do only early access games..."
,Not Recommended,322780,32949389,Posted: 28 June,all,Boozy,"EA Review.22 Hours Solo.+ Was fun learning how to make, testing, and flying ships.+ Exploring in this is how i wish some typical MMOs would approch it.+ Love the art style, though the males hair and faces are ugly that people just prefer being a woman.- Big issue of game stuck at loading screen. Looked online and just pressing F1 and moving helped me.- Only PvP servers.- Can't trust others and others won't trust you. You will be killed and lose progression fast over and over.- Not very fun solo, even more so when a team of people come to♥♥♥♥♥rape hours of work you just did for LULZ.- Still couldn't make it past a wind wall. Actually I couldnt figure out what was just a normal wind wall vs the other types of walls.I was going to recommend this, but with the overlay issues preventing game play on people and the steam sale going on... Unless youre the type with extra money, really into betas to be the first to try massive mmos, I can't faithfully say its worth the money."
76561198145966349,Recommended,322780,35020102,Posted: 17 September,all,Selo,"Its a great game and has a lot of potential to become a big game.I just leaved T1 (Starter Place) and its took some time. (Mostly because of us :D)Positive Aspects:-Fighting against others is very funny-Ship Building System is new and great-Collecting Ressources feels less like Grind than on other Survival games-A lot things to learn and to craft for a new game-Grapple Hook-You can join Offical Discord Channel and everybody helps youNegative Aspects:-I have a friend I play with but when you are alone you are fukkedYou cant drive the ship and shoot canons at the same time thats why you need a friend-Important things like Engines and so on get destroyed a bit to fast-T1 place needs a protection like People who leave T1 can never come back-Planets kinda same which become repetitive.-Normaly the FPS are good (On my Computer) but when you fly around and it begins to load a new Island the game frezze and you drop of the ship (Except you are driver or on a canon)Suggestions:-Remove all Planets and only use Planets which are kinda difficult and a Challenge.The Plantes feel like they are all same but only look different which is kinda boring-Increase Health in general of Ship Parts because fights are too short-The Ships look ugly as hell please let us learn in later game to build ship walls and so on which fit perfectly and have a nice colour.Atm they look like I use burned doors as walls-Doors should be added which can be locked, so enemy first have to destroy them because its kinda easy to enter a ship and ♥♥♥♥ it upp.s A lot players here have less Skill and are idiots.They trust us way to fast and cant even kill us in situations where they could win then theylose and begin to write a bad Review.These games are not easy and you will die a lot thats normal and each time you die you learnwhy you die and do it next time better.We dont played +200h Rust to get ♥♥♥♥ed by some noobs who are silver in CSGO"
,Recommended,322780,31984567,Posted: 26 May,all,Spoonparty,The movement alone makes this game worth checking out. Then a friend and I experienced trying to steal someone's ship. Best time I've had this year.Bonus: building survival game where you can't get offline raided. Thank god.
76561198036966179,Recommended,322780,31965408,Posted: 25 May,all,Smeth,Fun Game Reminds me of a minecraft mod mixed with just cause and guns of icarus in a mmo really fun with friends
76561198154571831,Recommended,322780,32043455,Posted: 29 May,all,McCelery,"I think this game has a lot of potential, but I would really like to see some sort of player protection implemented. I have been playing this game for quite some time now, I have killed players, been killed, pirated, been pirated, and seen it all. This game, even with recent blances in pvp, still needs work. There should be zones, or at least one island per zone that are a sanctuary so no pvp combat is allowed. This will help players trade, grow, learn, rebuild, and migle without the threat of griefers that are ruining the game for many new players."
,Recommended,322780,32114481,Posted: 1 June,all,Jaret180,"Been playing this since Alpha3 (only 2 hours), Skipped Alpha4,  Alpha5+6 have over 200 hours.  At this point about 100 hours in Beta.So it's laggy, bossa normaly gets that cleaned up shortly after letting a bunch of new people in.  This is game has made it to my top 10 all time favorite list even with the bugs/lag.Don't let the Tier1 starting areas scare you off, when you get out of them it gets better, less lag, less griefing, and the islands go up quality!This game is worth the money and a blast! (sometimes literaly)+Explore+Craft+PVP+PVE (very small amount of pve currently)"
76561198100266748,Recommended,322780,31949262,Posted: 25 May,all,JackMills,"I definitely think this game is amazing, however my personal experience was a bit depressing.Due to the prices not being released prior to the game, I had only put enough money on to buy the lowest founder pack.Despite my wishes to add more money to my account, in my fear of not gaining any access due to keys running out, I bought it.Later on from this, I posted this discussion:http://steamcommunity.com/app/322780/discussions/0/1291817208483726472/And followed the idea given by 'BossaKirk', post #5, but sadly was denied my refund request because I enjoyed the game too much and had played for over 2 hours, even though I explained in the notes that I was planning to repurchase the game upon getting a refund.Despite this, the game itself if still extremely fun and I would recommend it to anybody, I've already been trying to convince friends to play it with me!"
76561198072697560,Recommended,322780,31950523,Posted: 25 May,all,Birb,"I already played 127 hours of alpha and can guarantee that this game is worth it. Whilst it may be hard make a start, you'll have a unique experience on your journey exploring the world, meeting other (mostly friendly) players and upgrading your ship!"
,Recommended,322780,31950921,Posted: 25 May,all,quantumflux,"Played this game in closed Alpha before. It's beautiful with a pretty unique looking artstyle, but at this point it's fairly poorly optimized to support the art style, i.e. there's a lot of lag and framedrops from time to time. I expect the devs to fix this at a later date, but for now I would hold off on purchasing if you can't handle less than 60 fps.Gameplay is very nicely done, the sailing mechanics are actually somewhat grounded in reality (wind direction determines speed, can't sail directly into the wind, unbalanced sails turn your ship around).Also, the game has a large and productive community of artists that create very varied islands, which are then put in the game. This is far better than randomly creating them and every island looks unique.In summary: Game has incredible potential, but desperately needs certain bug fixes & improvements. If you can, wait for a month or so before purchasing to avoid drama."
,Recommended,322780,31955126,Posted: 25 May,all,titties,"Honestly, I don't really care for what people say much. Worlds Adrift is a pretty good game if you overlook the mouse inversion issue, and the ""spawn killing"".When you spawn in, you spawn in a building and you have to grapple to get out. WA brings out a very unique mobility system in most Open World MMOs out there. It's not every game where you can grapple onto a manta ray and having it fling you off the island, or be spooderman and climb the sides of the island.One of the things that people mention about ""spawn killing"", is that in the areas that I have spawned in before, I have yet to get killed by another player. The people I have encountered so far were all kind, helpful people, with the occasionally ""Oh"" makers. I do also see where the meaningless deaths are coming from. If a tree falls on you? Dead. If a bee or manta aggros onto you? Dodge or die. If you fall from the spawn? Dead. Standing right IN FRONT of the rock while you're salvaging it? 100% dead. There's a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥that you sometimes can't control, that contributes to a good amount of frustration.Another thing that will put off people from playing is the fact that there aren't really helpful guides. Did you know that you have to mindlessly run around trying to scan these orange cache things for knowledge so that you can actually make an engine? I didn't, but I'm glad that I found that out earlier today than much later.Even though this game has bugs, it's not to the point where it's unplayable. It's definitely playable. If you expect a polished game, keep in mind this just came out in closed beta yesterday sooooo......For a game that just came out, I can at least play it in more frames per second then I could with ARK Survival Evolved. *kek*The developers are definitely active, you know where some indie/new games comes out, but it seems like the developers dropped from the face of the earth? Bossa Studios aren't those types of developers.Yeah, I would agree that the $35 price tag is a bit heavy, especially when there's other survival/open world games that are much cheaper. However, that's only the price for founders, and supposely the base game won't cost as much. If you don't want to be a founder, then wait until the price lowers or something. However, I've seen my purchase as justifiable, as this game has a very unique feel.This game doesn't deserve the negative reviews it got.Just because you can't invert mouse, get killed, or get banned off the forums doesn't mean it's a bad game."
,Recommended,322780,31955164,Posted: 25 May,all,EN1GMA OPTIM4L,"One of the best games I have ever played, After a long time might get a bit boring. It's best to play with a crew and then it's much easier to get to get through sand/storm walls. But Bossa did build it with solo players in mind, so it's fine to play solo but it is best to play with a crew but overall it's a fun game."
76561198061165920,Recommended,322780,31954874,Posted: 25 May,all,chimarz,Fun game me and 3 friends can go around and explore and find everything it is very good for an early access game. It has some issues such as respawn timers being too low in my opinion and the weight mechanic for the atlas core is annoying early on but overall i find the game quite fun and worth the money.
,Recommended,322780,31961685,Posted: 25 May,all,orangesobe,First play session of Worlds Adrift.Got knocked out by a falling tree while I was harvesting wood and fell to my death.Saw a guy build an atlas engine and standing directly underneath it was promptly crushed to death.
,Recommended,322780,32658265,Posted: 22 June,all,JangoD'soul,10/10 would play a lot
,Recommended,322780,32971297,Posted: 28 June,all,ItsDan,"Amazing, I love it, its glitchy but beautiful, I would reccomend any day."
,Recommended,322780,32028196,Posted: 28 May,all,Xerzie,"Considering the size of the dev team, Worlds Adrift is a great IN DEVELOPMENT game that is really trying to be unique. You won't find anything like it out there, and it can only get better."
,Recommended,322780,32877632,Posted: 27 June,all,kNOwofTHekING,"So far, Worlds Adrift is an exceptional experience. I have never felt so strongly about a game as I do this one. There's something unique about it, the grappling and swinging around islands like Spiderman, the thrill of passing though your first Wind Wall, every time you see another ship on the horizon, wondering if they will say , ""Hey"" is passing, or if a bullet will whizz by your head as they attempt to raid your ship you've worked so hard building perfectly.Granted, it is in beta right now, and has a whole trunkload of problems- balancing PvP mechanics (which will hopefully be in the next patch here soon), server issues, and optimization being the largest and the biggest turn-offs for most people so far. Players being thrown off while on their ship between islands because of server lag are a real problem, but have a real solution- stay on your helm or in a cannon and you'll be fine. Keep in mind that it is a beta, and that these things will be fixed in coming times.Besides that, the game is pretty great. Shipbuilding can be a little daunting at first, especially if you try to build a larger ship from the get-go like I did. Try to keep it small, at least starting out, and after you gather some blueprints and good materals, then start on a REAL ship. The in-game community is actually pretty great from my experiences, and the amount of players on the Worlds Adrift forums that group up together and invest so much time and effort into their Alliances is impressive to say the least. If only there was an Alliance that solely patrolled the Tier 1-2 areas so that new players wouldn't get harrassed by Griefers as often, that'd be a truely noble cause. In fact, if such an Alliance does exist, PM me lol.Honestly, if I had known that I was going to enjoy this game so much, would have bought the Explorer or Captain pack instead of the Wanderer pack, if not for the items, to support the development of the game. I am honored to get Early Access to this candidate for ""My Favorite Game I've Played All Year"" at the ""My Steam Library Awards"", hosted by Me, with special guests Myself, I, and a whole slew of my favorite multiple personalities.TL;DR- If you want a perfect game, this isn't it- yet- but it has the potential to be amazing, more than it already is. If you're on the fence, you may wait till it leaves closed beta at least so they (hopefully) have fixed most of the major bugs and impemented some long-awaited mechanics (}such as sotrage and helm locks). How long that will be? ....hard to say. But I'm already here, and I will be patient."
,Recommended,322780,32999405,Posted: 29 June,all,K2,Great game with alot of adventure. Everytime you make a new ship and it lfies ir everytime you pass a wall your heart starts pumping. And when you meat other players you can never be sure sure if its a pirat or a friend! But that is hwat makes Worlds Adrift a great game.
76561197993960704,Recommended,322780,33014916,Posted: 29 June,all,Ishtar,"So far the game is fun... but there is alot of exploits and bugs they need to fix.. I am hoping they are not basing this game only pvp model.... "" seems like another survial pvp with crafting...""  but they do have some pve aspect. well the part which reminds you have Myst  PC game.. where you have to find items to gain info so you can build your ship..  I think if this game has no pve aspect .. this game will be boring like albion online.. so if you are pve player.. no... till they add something...This game has potential on both sides for pvp and pve.. please dont dedicated your self to one side!btw pleae fix the res time and grief killers.. I actually had to wit 12 minutes since a guy was killing noobs .. first day of my game play was being killed by another well off player,,  If i had a chance and knew what to do .. yeah I would of did something.. but day 1. didnt know jack♥♥♥♥♥♥. made  my first game♥♥♥♥♥♥.. give thumbs up for the game and its orginality, Im not gonna let a lowly♥♥♥♥♥ruin this game.."
76561197971964488,Recommended,322780,32111135,Posted: 1 June,all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"What a nice game.Skyhook around, fly with gliders and command skyships of your own design!When you log out your character and your whole base (aka airship) logs out with you, finaly save when not playing in a survival game.It is still beta and some usercreated island create laggy bubbles, but i am confident that the Devs will deal with this. There are daily mantanaces and server changes.Looking forward to more ppl playing this and going into some more pirate air-fights :)Edit: With the second batch of keys a lot more PvP active players arrived -> FUN ^^The community is amazingly friendly, you even build up new ships after battles together at times :)"
,Recommended,322780,33595256,Posted: 16 July,all,GateShark,"Worlds Adrift has great potential, however it is up to the developers to listen to the community to make this game a success. The closed beta has been a positive experience for me and my friends so far. We created our own air ship and made it through the first wind wall (giant storm to separate the progression zones).Building ships is by far the best thing about this game at the moment.  You can construct your ship out of anything you can find. Want a lead airship? You can do it but be prepared for its weight to be crazy heavy. Instead take some extra time to find iron make it strong and lighter. Your able to build each component separately and assemble it onto your frame. The frame can be customized or you can use one of the defaults.  It is rewarding to gather resources with your friends and come together to build a large ship.Movement in this game is fantastic! You can be Spiderman with this swinging and climbing system.  You have a grappling hook on your arm that has an impressive range. It can attach to any surface. This will help you get around the islands and save your life if falling from a great height. Your able to build up momentum and swing some large distances. Your even able to double tap space bar and get an air boost similar to Attack on Titan’s movement.The game has no player levels, instead it uses knowledge for progression. This system is tedious to use. It’s not bad when you 1st start the game. Simply select your scanner, aim at an object, and use it on the object to get some knowledge. The problem is when you have scanned an object already you get no new knowledge. There is no easy way to tell if you have scanned something already. You may have moved to a new island but that new statue you just found gives you no knowledge because you scanned a different looking statue on another island.The worst thing about this game is the server performance. If the developers can fix this issue the game will be solid. They can always continue to add additional content, but server performance needs to be their top priority.I recommend this game if you’re willing to deal with bugs/performance hits as it is still in development. It is a lot of fun with a group of friends."
76561198159014827,Recommended,322780,31984903,Posted: 26 May,all,vizthex,"Updated Review:The game is a lot more stable now, and the devs are constantly updating it and fixing bugs.I've noticed creatures sometimes get half stuck in the terrain, but I'm sure they'll fix that soon.It's very good so far, I'm sure in the future it will be even betterer."
,Recommended,322780,33099544,Posted: 1 July,all,Absolem,"This game is awesome.  Great ideas executed well.  The physics of the world and the airships is awesome.  Definitely rough around the edges, but they seem to be adding updates pretty quickly, and it's in a pretty good state relative to other Early Access titles.  Worth the 35.  Already 24 hrs played in a few days.  Very addicting, exploring islands and crossing the weatherwalls is great.  It's fun travelling between islands, throwing on repairs, picking up a couple new schematics and changing your ship around, then finding a new destination.  Very satisfying and engaging gameplay loop.  This one will be good."
76561198136785217,Recommended,322780,33788448,Posted: 25 July,all,wag530,"this game has fantastic potential. Currently with it being beta there are a good amount of bugs or glitches, so if you dont want to expeirence that I would recommend holding off until atleast the open beta. However the game play is phenominal, and the community has been terrific."
,Recommended,322780,33812272,Posted: 26 July,all,Smurre,"Love the game, nice gameplay. Missing some key things but since it is closed beta still. I think the featuers will come to the game sooner or later. Still thow fun game"
,Recommended,322780,33912727,Posted: 30 July,all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"Pretty solid release despite being early access. A lot of the game feels pretty polished. If feels like most of the actual game is done, they are just trying to get some of the more mechanical and behind the scenes things working. I would honestly say it is in a playable state as is, there is just one thing they NEED to do, give us the options menu. There is no options menu right now and that just feels so absurd considering the current playability of the game. So, a couple things could be happening here with the early access. They could be locking out just a couple features to call it early access, when really its pretty much done, or they have much more planned. I feel like not putting in the options yet is a little weird, like if they just disable it and say early access they can keep promoting kickstarter and doing devblogs gaining twits and crap like that. Whatever the case I still reccommend. It's fun, unique, pretty, and generally awesome. I'm glad I haven't played Just Cause, cause that game has some major grappling mechanics in it, but this one is really fun enough for me. The setting of the world really fits the actual type of game this is. People are pirates for the most part. I haven't tried to make friends really, and had more combatative encounters with people, but that's ok with me. Short story. I start building a ship, someone lands on the island, I say come say bye before you leave (,incase I want a ride out and cant finish my ship,) Well, one of the people sneaks down and shoots me in the back while I'm in the menu. I didn't have anything valuable in the pack so I was fine. I repawned and went and killed them. After that, I didn't want a war forever so I respawned on another island. A few hours later I started playing again and ended up on the previous island, so I stole their ♥♥♥♥ing ship and took off. I felt like a steam punk pirate. I left them to spawn on their ship upside down in a storm.So, the game is pretty cool, there's not much out there on it yet, and I only hope this is in early access because they have much more planned content. When you're playing it doesnt really feel like it's beta. Needs some more audio, and some more npcs, but generally this feels like a solid and unique game. I'm not gunna talk about what I really want to see added, because I could suggust a lot, as is tho, it's really solid and fun. There may be some stability issues, for me I think it was my system at that moment, some bad nvidia drivers and maybe a dying ram slot. There is some lag here and there, a few other problems, but it's fun and creative and unique."
76561198087847915,Recommended,322780,33953105,Posted: 1 August,all,Mr.Secundus,"Great Game, be wary of pirates though."
,Recommended,322780,33984956,Posted: 2 August,all,ApeLogic,"After 30hrs of play this is what I have to say. This game is buggy, but it is so much FUN!The goal of the game, at its core is to learn to build a strong airship. Find the best part schematics get rid of the rest and build whatever your imagination comes up with. So far there is no main story line driving you. There are no sets of tasks for you to really accomplish. There are no NPCs. There are only 2 fauna AI and their behavirour is pretty interesting.You're going to lose a lot of builds in your process. You might have to redesign and rebuild your ship uncountable times over. Nothing really lasts and you have to be willing to accept loss. Specially since it's still beta. ""For SCIENCE!""Losing your ship when your build is t1/t2 is not a big deal. I went through 3 or 4 ships one day by my own doing. Only thing that really hurts is losing materials that you were storing and saving up for your next ship upgrade/rebuild. I've mined in dangerous situations. Had some really nice materials gathered. Then I died cause I missed my hook.. Had to take a break from the game for a bit after that. Later tier ships take a lot more materials, and usually mean they're bigger. (you might want a crew by this time)Since there is no real objectives, it is a player driven environment. This means player criminals, player defenders, and conflict avoiding players. Think DayZ, you find what you need, you go look for intereactions with other people to build your story. This all may change if they add fun objectives that require groups like events or dungeons. Or, maybe if they add patrol ai in certain areas that target criminal marked palyers. But, nothing like this has been announced that I know of and may never change.So far, I've encountered 1 griefer. I hid under the island and build a small ship and moved on. The rest I wouldn't really consider griefing. I've been shot at for approaching a shipyard even though I followed accepted friendly protocols. Players have stolen from my ship. I've had to kill someone for stealing from me. I had a group chase me around the island trying to kill me. But, I've suffered more from non player related deaths. I've died from RNG lightning bolt hitting me. I've died from scrapping a wall as I climbed. I've died from being ejected from ship (you gotta learn to hook yourself to the deck when not on the helm). I've died from missing a hook mid air. I've died so much from random bugs and almost as many time from learning moments.Still, it has been fun. I've also encountered friendly players. Friendly crews. A guy gave me a lift back to an island where my ship flew off to on its own. Another player, gave me a schematic I had been going crazy trying to find. There were 4 or 5 ships docked in the same island with all sort of people running around, checking out each other's designs. it looked like a really busy port. That was an amazing interaction.For all the things the game is lacking the game sure has a lot going for it. I love the way you build ships. The player created islands are incredible. If you spend enough time exploring sometimes you find these hidden gems people left. The way you have little mini freakouts as you lose all visiblity flying and you're trying to make out islands in the mist.I am really curious to see the direction the game will take and wish to know what the developers are planning.I hope we do see giant flying whales at some point. Maybe end up like Ghepetto."
76561198053791074,Recommended,322780,33854926,Posted: 28 July,all,marydmoomey,"I am mixed as to recommend this game or not. I am usually a solo player and will tell everyone that this game does not do well solo, however, it was manageable. I enjoyed foraging and building a ship. The mechanics of flying is difficult. I tried both sailboat and engine powered one. Each one handles differently. I realize that an engined-powered ship goes faster, but you have to pay attention or you will overshoot your mark easily. The sailboat was slower by far but easier to handle for me. I think it is a fun game to play. I didn't even try to go through the windwall as it takes several people to handle. I did see a video where one guy went through by himself but he was constantly running around his ship repairing stuff. I like a more relaxed game. I got the game for the exploring aspect and building my ship, but after going around to the same islands over and over again, I got a bit bored with the game. I think if you could build buildings or have a ""home"" island that would be more interesting. But if you like to build ships and play with friends and be a pirate and like pvping then this is the game for you."
76561198222332680,Recommended,322780,33853940,Posted: 28 July,all,Nox Tenebris,"This game is over priced. This game is a noobie gank fest. This game has some major optimization issues. This game has cluncky mechanics. This game is not solo friendly. This game has occasional game breaking studders.However, the grapple hook is awesome."
76561198052651423,Recommended,322780,34050425,Posted: 5 August,all,deadmeat,"Only real issue I've had is with the maintenance time, since it tends to happen during my only time to play during the week, usually.  Other than that, the bugs are annoying, sure, but it's early access, so no complaints here.  The challenge of figuring things out is a fun challenge and balancing performance with durability in ship construction is an interesting problem to solve.  Despite griefers and such, overall, this game is magnificent.  Keep it up, developers and island creators.  Loving it."
,Recommended,322780,31960494,Posted: 25 May,all,JABBA69R,"Review has been edited after spending more time with this product!I've been following this game for a while and ended up buying the Captain Founder's edition, I did have some problems when I first started playing this game but some bugs where fixed but not all of them where.Game problems I had,1 lags real bad on high and low end systems,I was thinking of asking for a refund when I first got this product but now I've changed my mind and ended up keeping it, hope it gets better over time."
,Recommended,322780,33797073,Posted: 25 July,all,Jolly,"I haven't really writen any reviews for any games, but for this one i will. firstly i know there are mixed opinions about this game as with griefers/ or just people who hijack ships, i've only experienced the last one, and yes that did suck, having to rebuild my ship, but without that i wouldn't have made it better and met the people i have.As for the people i've met, well they've have been the best, we say hi, chat see if we want to trade parts or give access for items others won't have yet, and thats what most of us are doing we meet and help each other upgrade and survive. recently i meet a few of friends who have been to the end game, and instead being idiots trying to kill me and destory my ship we traded items, i got and t4 engine and they got a core upgrade. BTW all these people am talking about including myself, we are currently on the EU west server, i did meet someone who said that the west is the friendlier one.Right, pros:great ships and ship building aspect.great players.imaginative islands.good challenges like the wind/storm and sand walls.Cons:As i've not met any griefers yet so they don't make the list, but the most annoying thing would be the 'freeze' but just recently there was an update which so far is sortof proving this point wrong.this is me being nickpicky, but triangle panels would be great for slopes and angled corners. (ignore this if they exist its just probably me not finding the blueprint)other than that, its a great game full of great players. so if you get the chance grab this game when more keys are released or when the open beta is here."
,Recommended,322780,34332774,Posted: 18 August,all,>MFW red army marches on berlin,"Actually an awesome game that's got a pretty nice art style, i've already spent 4 hours on it in one sitting and it's great"
,Recommended,322780,34316665,Posted: 17 August,all,llarkin,"Just bout this yesterday, I definitely support the game and the idea but I am going to let this sit in my library till a lot of the bugs and stupid issues get worked out to save my interest in playing a little bit further.Crafting/Ship building glitches/issues that need to be fixed...#1 is the interact with ship yard error message I get after making items for my ship. (had to make a completely different ship yard and parts creator increasing the amount of clutter in a MMO)#2 is not getting murdered by my items after crafting them (they seem to fall from the sky and smash me a lot).#3 why cant i place new deck/siding wherever I want and why wouldnt it automatically fill the space that its designated to go rather than making a really cruddy shack like sturcture? (eg filling a triangle space with 3 squares making it a really ugly minecraft/block style triangle).either add the options in the ship building/editing section or make sure the ship is fully enclosed with siding/deck allowing me to remove what I need rather than make cruddy stuff or make it a lot more user friendly building the ship.Ill add more bugs/glitches the next time i play or after a few updates."
76561198164005564,Recommended,322780,33593208,Posted: 16 July,all,Lupin,"I think its pretty damn fun. Now here's the deal, I think the game is MUCH more fun with friends. If u play by yourself it can get confusing, and frankly a little bit lonely and boring. I can run down what might happen if u maybe find somebody. One thing that might happen is they just kinda kill you. Not much to explain there. Or, (This happened to me) You find somebody nice and just kinda chill out. The multiplayer really shines, and reminds of what no mans sky could have been. But im leaving out one important element. Ship building. This is pretty much your main way to get from island to island. It's fun, rewarding, and the grind to get the desired outcome really didn't bother me all too much. When I was with a few of my buddies on a ship we made, we had a great time handling it and fending off anything that came our way. The game does have a few frame drops and occasional crashing, but it is still in development, so it can be fixed. Overall, the game has a really promising foundation, and I am excited to see it fully realised. These people have an understanding of how to make  a mysterious MMO open-world experience. I recommend it."
,Recommended,322780,33404693,Posted: 9 July,all,Spock610,"Worlds AdriftI've played this game for 9 hours and it has been very fun, but there are lots and lots of bugs in this game that pull down the gaming experience.The grappling hook is probably the funniest thing I've ever seen in a game, the game needs many improvements no doubt but when you look past the bugs and the few salty players you see a game with many possibilities and a community that is rather nice.When I first started up the game it was not as fun as you would think it is but the more you progress the more fun it gets.When I started building my ship there were a few players around me who I thought were going to kill me and take my stuff, but instead they came to me and asked if I needed any help or if I could help them and such.And I got into a crew with one of the players and now we are three people with two ships and working on a third one.There's just two things that i think needs fixing right now and that is the ship designer and the downtime of the servers. When in the ship designer the lines are so thin it makes it impossible to see what you're doing.The downtime for the servers should not be more than two hours tops when it says it should be up in one hour ingame, I know it says they may be down for more than one hour but seriously three hours is not ok.Looking past all that I say you should definitely buy this game if you're into sandbox, survival games. *6/10*"
76561198185149771,Recommended,322780,33402739,Posted: 9 July,all,BuckyRB6,"This is not my typical kind of game, in fact i hated it so much the first time i tried it I almost refunded it.Decided to give it another go, glad I did. The beginning is VERY SLOW going, and can be a little frustrating if something doesnt work out.I think the winning  moment for me was after i crashed my first ship just after take off and couldnt get it back into the dock to rebuild/repair. Some random guy showed up and together we were able to move the ship with our grappeling hooks close enough to dock it (sails were broken, and i couldnt move it by myself). I thought it was super cool that 2 of us provided just enough tug to pull the ship  manually, and that someone had actually just stopped by and decided to help out. After that i made it to my first island, which was huge and boring, and now im on my third which was small and very interesting!I feel like this game gains momentum as you play, just gotta get over those early growing pains; beware flight time is painfully slow (hint: fly WITH the wind and 2-3 sails)Game is early access, there are bugs."
76561198146163981,Recommended,322780,34355450,Posted: 19 August,all,Burritoman,best game yet. you can build almost any ship and the map is huge
76561198160869999,Recommended,322780,34381424,Posted: 20 August,all,stompy17,I hate myself now beacue ive had this game untill i unstalled it  when i did i dident know it was like a timer so now i have to wait
76561198079090551,Recommended,322780,34428501,Posted: 22 August,all,Coltrain,Trees have killed me more times than players and monsters combined.10/10
,Recommended,322780,34469003,Posted: 24 August,all,wagyourtail,Needs some work for player retention with losing everything and the cost of ships but looks very promising for a game this early in development.
76561198017842941,Recommended,322780,34435483,Posted: 23 August,all,Senpainick,This game IS HELLA fun and great when you have a good group of people to help you in your journey.Love this game so much alot better with FPS drops and graphics are alot more stable since patching. I look foreward to more updates and def happy about this purchase great job devs on making your community happy.
,Recommended,322780,34180150,Posted: 11 August,all,✪ Ikaros{Gabe},"Great game. I have played it 7 hours straight with a friend and we both like it. The is one problem though, you need friends to play this game with, the more the better.For everyone that says that end game players troll, I have not seen that yet in 12 hours of gameplay but then again I only saw 2 people as a group.As it is there are some bugs tho so you need to not have a heart attack if the bug doesn't get fixed right away.(2 known bugs from my playthru. 1. random lag spikes when traveling quickly and sometimes weird frame rate drops, but i fixed that by setting the game to realtime in taskmanager. 2. when the game freezes while traveling quickly it launches you off the ship sometimes, BUT to combat that you right click the ship while it is frozen and you shouldn't launch off.)"
76561198056763694,Recommended,322780,34206551,Posted: 12 August,all,Generic All Class,"Is good game nuff said, well I can add my 2 cents. Its very great in its current version just needs the settings to be accessable for us medium to low end computer folk. when that happens im setting everything to low so i can run this game without like 10 fps and maybe 30. I know my comment will be outdated after the settings button and settings themself get implimented so instead making another post here it is.-the post of the past to the future-omg so good nuff said. everything is better"
76561198035883566,Recommended,322780,34208064,Posted: 13 August,all,NokoShi,"The game just keeps me playing,  Early access so bugs and glitches are abundant but the pros far outweigh the cons!"
76561197993268419,Recommended,322780,34221583,Posted: 13 August,all,Crom,Like any type of game like this its always better with friends. But can be enjoyed solo too just have to take more care.Need pretty good cpu to run this and keep the lag and rubber bane down but over time thell fix that.
76561198072274821,Recommended,322780,34222947,Posted: 13 August,all,Sailor Moon,"Rough around the edges, but a lot of fun, especially in a group. Player interactions right now are very unpredicatable, and there are pirates flying these skys, but that's part of the fun. The learning curve is pretty steep at the moment, and there isn't a proper tutorial at this stage of the beta (at the time of writting), so I would advise that you look up some tutorials on youtube. There are official guides on youtube and they're pretty useful for new players. here is one:e.g.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYK1VGzzM50As it stands, I have over 320 hours over 2 account, both of which have the game purchased and I don't regret it. It's kind of like a cross between GTA V, Minecraft and Wings of Icarus. Like GTA for the player interaction running in a crew, minecraft for the massive world and exploration and Guns of Icarus for the ship to ship combat (although boarding is actally a thing in Worlds Adrift)."
76561198215464573,Recommended,322780,34237138,Posted: 14 August,all,ZOMBIESSHALLWIN,It could still use some work on the ragdoll buts it's awesome!
,Recommended,322780,34274881,Posted: 16 August,all,Danimrod,"I tried to cut down a tree, it fell through the floor and I was killed by a giant bee. I tried to mine a rock, I died when I glitched into it. I tried to build a ship, apparently there isn’t a ship you can build with 50 pieces of quality 1 birch wood. I tried to fly a ship, my game froze for so long that I flew my little helpless wooden ship into a massive lightning storm. I tried to make friends, my friends got eaten by a manta ray on an island with no spawners. I tried to climb a mountain, faceplanted on a rock near the top and tumbled all the way back down. I tried to stop playing this game, I think I’m in love.10/10 Never before has my blood, sweat, and tears gone into something so worth it."
76561198136859683,Recommended,322780,34280736,Posted: 16 August,all,RaveN,Never played a game quite like this one. Different than anything i expected. I think this game has huge potential if done right. Would recommend!!!
,Recommended,322780,34280994,Posted: 16 August,all,Koy.exe,nice open world game
76561198090971956,Recommended,322780,33332775,Posted: 6 July,all,Ginger1254,Obviously missing several features at this point in the game. But the overall game is well worth it and delivers a wonderful world with a HUGE emphasis on accurate physics. Slinging around with the grapling hook makes you feel like a scout from attack on titan!! :)
76561198046538620,Recommended,322780,33050328,Posted: 30 June,all,Tasmanian,"This is by far one of the most fun exploration MMOs I have ever played.Of course a game like this will have it's problems with momentary freezing and small glitches here and there that may cause your character to suddenly die or items to suddenly disappear, but the devs are aware of these bugs and are actively working to fix them. Since I have started playing, I have seen consistent updates and balancing - especially when it comes to griefing.I've noticed a lot of reviews that are complaining about griefers, and from the most recent patch notes (June 30th, 2017) it looks like the devs are well aware of the situation and are taking steps in the right direction.I wouldn't worry too much about griefers in this game. Just have fun, and if you lose your ship - build another one! That's the point!Cheers.TLDR: Buy it, stop complaining about PVP"
76561198218249475,Recommended,322780,35138544,Posted: 22 September,all,ConcreteProdigy,Was a pleasent surprise now that it's opened up I'm gonna try again with higher expectations I'll review this post as I go
76561198364366621,Recommended,322780,35144876,Posted: 22 September,all,primus117,"This game is the game that the build your own ship community has been waiting for. The graphics are amazing even on it's lowest setting and the game runs amazingly on my low spec laptop. I only have two problems with the game the first and most important is that when I load into the game, I have to respawn because I am stuck on the loading screen. The second problem is that I am supposed to get the founders engine due to me not having enough money for the 70 dollar founders pack and I don't have it but all in all an amazing game and a good game to start off with a new YouTube channel like mine."
76561198018457059,Recommended,322780,35084550,Posted: 20 September,all,Shibiz,"Great game the brings me lots of joy. There is a few bugs in this game, but keep in mind that's still in beta and will get better over time. This game is mixed between PVE and PVP, and you will encounter several pirates. Easy way to protect your self is to join a active alliance and play with them. You can also drift alone as I did for several months, but the game gets better when you have someone to crew up with. For it's price it's worth the money.Only minus about this game is the poor communications between the developers and community, it seems like it's getting better, so I hope. There is also a community forum that's active, so everything can be discussed with other drifters."
,Not Recommended,322780,35008402,Posted: 16 September,all,pb_slayer,"I spent around 5 hours in my first play session to end up being mob killed by 3 players in a beta, re spanwer destroyed and ship stolen, not touching this again. The complete lack of warning that the PvP kill squads are so bad will chase players away."
,Not Recommended,322780,33813358,Posted: 26 July,all,Canada420,"This game is outstanding. Can't wait for full release.**EDIT** No longer reccomending due to dev direction. They are slow to make any changes, the changes they DO get out to PROD are fraught with MORE bugs, they go SUPER easy on CHEATERS & DUPERS. Just not what I was hoping for."
,Recommended,322780,31946498,Posted: 24 May,all,Notbazzaro135,"So far it is enjoyable, it is simple to get going and start flying. The graphics are nice and simple, controls are simple.Some problems right now is server load, when I started I has a 216 player queue so spent about an hour and a hlaf waiting for that on the NA Server.People are complaining the game runs poorly I dont think its a client side issue more that it is the server load and thus the server lags then makes the player lags. I feel like all the games current issues can be solved by adding 2-3 more US servers."
,Recommended,322780,32750867,Posted: 24 June,all,Songbearer,"Got into a gunfight with a guy while grappling around a several hundred meter tall statue as his friends rained cannonfire down on us. Lost the fight, respawned at my ship and while I was fighting, someone had stolen it and aimed it at a windwall. I was forced to wrestle control of it before it and me were completely obliterated.This isn't griefing, this is high-stakes emergent gameplay at its finest. Extremely promising beta. Beware of some performance issues and plenty of jank, but the joy of exploring a cool looking island and all the fun of creating your own personal craft is a constant pleasure."
76561198032168541,Recommended,322780,32739358,Posted: 24 June,all,Enx,"Pretty flawless in regards of bugs, for a so young closed beta. The pvp needs some balances, the bugs are mostly cringing, and inappropriate animations, sometimes interaction bugs, but nothing game breaking.For those who likes ship combat, base building without being rooted to one place, I think this is an exclusive experience, definetly worth it.The devs are very interactive, they value interaction with their community, which is both honorable, and effective in terms of the game's development."
,Recommended,322780,32717307,Posted: 24 June,all,Talon Wren,"Customize ones own airship, and fly it to floating islands while trying to dodge player pirates? Yes please."
76561198080812504,Recommended,322780,34380645,Posted: 20 August,all,Mess,"Heavily reminds me of the studio Ghibli film 'castle in the sky' and for that, i have fallen in love with this game"
76561197961182558,Recommended,322780,32150344,Posted: 3 June,all,Muldin,"Hello everyone  (7.5/10) ratingFirst i would like to say that i played previously games likeDAoCRustDiabloCS GOArkPlayer unknowenH1z1Among more - The reason i mention this games you might find this as a main game for you as well.So why do i like the game? ( Honest review )Pros-Tough but intresting learning curves-Open world PvP-Alot of Minimum maximum discovery stats-Play as you like ( Sandbox theme with PvE flavour )-Physics are really awsomeFarming resources dosen't take alot of time to mine - you however spend your time finding the stuff which is smartIts been a while since i woke up and wanted to play instant -Cons :-The shooting combat is a little bit ark evolve wonky due to animations beeing able to jump and do crazy moves. Its not super bad tho, you can still kill the things you directely aim and shoot at.-Sometimes while you fly you may get desync lag spikes and die-No tooltips-Some islands got massive fps drops - i recommand only flying to the smaller ones unless you wanna do moon jumps.-No advance control setup , not even in the games folder ( Take note of this if you got special needs aka revert mouse )-PvE monsters act a bit wonky and are not intresting.-Things might fall though the floor if you drop em to close to the surface during ''Move object jedi mind trick state''Overall tho , the bugs in this game are not that frustrating so you would throw it away.I hope this is somewhat helpfulBest regardsMuldin"
,Recommended,322780,32163830,Posted: 3 June,all,HuntedNord,bought a Key. logged in. didnt know how to build a ship.  stole a ship. crashed the ship. learned how to build a ship.  stranded it out in nowhere.hitched a ride with a stranger. he told me he was going somewhere new.  i did not know what the hell he was talking about.suddenly theres intense music. i can hear the wind howl in my ears. the ship is shaking. everything is out of control. we are blinded by a foggy storm.  im sitting inside of the ship while the stranger is outside on top. trying to control.we get through. music dies.  we both stare at eachother and cry in joy.10/10  would hitch a ride again
,Recommended,322780,31947189,Posted: 25 May,all,DocHollis,Great game buried by poor server lag.
76561198005648413,Recommended,322780,34091111,Posted: 7 August,all,Bopit,"Worlds Adrift is an excellent game for those who are into survival, and dynamic building.  The Physics really matter, how you design your ship REALLY matters.What I Like:Rust is a semi-good comparison for this game, but IMO better in many ways.Basically this game takes the focus out of Small Arms PvP combat that rust has, and instead, focuses on ship building and a in depth physics system.Like rust though you will be grinding materials, but in a much more interesting sense.  You have to travel to new places to get better materials, and each material has attached properties and quality.  The better aligned properties (Copper for electrical parts), and better quality ore you use, the better the part will turn out.  Then also you need to learn how to make parts, and unlock it in a skill tree or find it in the world.  Also, the gathering is much more interesting, using your grappling hook to swing around the underside of a floating island to find resources.The PvP in this game is good, some would say great depending on the situation you get in.  It's not always goign to be balanced though.  One time we were just starting to get a good ship going, when these high level pirates found us. We started flying away, and went for the nearest wind wall to try and lose them.  We got away in it, but then they found us again, hot on our tail.  We escaped once again into the wall, repairing through their cannon fire, and killing their boarders.It was an epic event, but turnout out sour which will lead me into...What I dont Like:Like any non tripple A physics based games you can expect it to not be perfect.  When its working it is perfect, but expect to get flipped sometimes totally at random into your ship and die when flying, and by touching a rock insta die.   Unfortunately in the event above, our ship experienced this after getting away. Trying to dock the ship, the front got snagged, and the shaking ship trying to dock ripped the ship apart.  Trying to repair, the pirates found us, and took everything.In Conclusion:These problems with random dying, and that ship insident are pretty avoidable though, you have to do things that dont make a lot of sense or kinda  suck, but you can manage it.  And the great thing is most stufff is very easily replacable, so you dont feel like you got raided in rust when your ship dies, you just think ah♥♥♥♥♥♥ well back to the grind.I can very easily recommend this game for 35$ which is what i baught it at, maybe 45-50 if your into this kind of game and HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY WITH.  THis game is much much better with a crew.Theres much more to say but if your intrieged, and have a friend or two who is aswell, this is a great place to get lost in the Worlds Adrift."
,Recommended,322780,31948323,Posted: 25 May,all,Whiskers Watson,"I paid nearly $40 CAD for this game then had to jump through 20 hoops to buy it for my U.S. friend becasue the game is priced at $38 CAD which is 28 U.S. but in the U.S. it priced at $34 which is ~$43 CAD and becasue of that differance in price it wouldnt let me gift it to them. After i finally got the game for both of us and we were finally able to play together using the crew TP he got killed by a glitch before we were able to even figure out the revival platform so he has to wait a whole ♥♥♥♥ing 24 hours before we have any chance of finding each other becasue other then ""im near the sand wall on a small island"" there is no ♥♥♥♥ing way to navigate early game. Not only that but my first ship i made got stuck glitched into some vines and before i finished my second ship i crashed (after only a few hours) and when i tried to re join i waited half an hour to get back in becasue of the 103 player queue. After i finally finished my ship, which was delayed becasue someone killed me stealing 1000 iron and leaving me with nothing but my pistol and some wood in my lower inventory, i flew out over the air away from the island and crashed, again. at this point i was already fairly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, so i re launched my game and had to wait ~an hour before getting in becasue of the 200 player queue. as soon as i got in the game i spawned in the air not on my ship and fell to my death because theres no continue, ready, or join button when you finally load in, which you wont notice because theres no obvious notification for when you spawn, and not only that but i tried respawning on my ship which left me in a ""dead"" state with 0 health and i couldnt open my ESC menu to try to respawn or open my inventory so i had to ALT+F4 after waiting an hour to get back in. Im now currently in queue again and now that everyone is getting off it was only 90 people and i wrote this entire review in the time it took me to get to.... 4th place."
76561198027723979,Not Recommended,322780,34142556,Posted: 10 August,all,Tal Maru,"Alpha game that wants to be beta so bad.Unity engine mmo <let that sink in>Total lack of any content <other than free to play , player created islands, if you are thinking roblox you got the idea>2 types of weapons systems <in a pvp game>3 typs of mobs <1 of which is completly passive, another spams ragsdoll attacks and will stunlock you>Laggy buggy servers <see unity engine mmo>They are selling the game for cheeper on their own website."
76561198022220105,Recommended,322780,32245321,Posted: 7 June,all,Slootie,"I have played 70 hours so far, i really like this game. It has some things (Griefers) that can be fixed, but the gameplay is awesome. It was exciting crossing the windwall, going through the stormwall with my daughter and failing with are tiny ship hehe. I have had some recent PC crash issues (only when i play worlds adrift) but its still in beta. I have lost close to 10 Fully built ships, either stolen or stormwall crashed or Grief bombed but i continue to rebuild and keep having fun doing it :)"
76561198064331641,Recommended,322780,31956480,Posted: 25 May,all,[=AWOL=] TheTruePotato,"Worlds Adrift... how do I describe it? When I first loaded into the game, i spawned on the main spawn island, at which point i IMMEDIATLEY used the forge scanner to see what it did, thus i never had any issues with this game. After collecting some resources and smashing my face into the bottom of the island more times than i would like to admit, I eventually got enough knowledge to build my first shipyard! Being a practical pilot myself, I opted to have a traditional schooner build, putting two sails in the back and a wing on both sides and the bottom, my ship had some serious power, assuming the wind was in my favor! After flying around for a bit, a pirate decided to attack my ship, unfortunately for him, I had plenty of berries and tons of ammunition, and his body fed the great void soon after. Realizing I would no longer be welcome on this island after murdering someone, I left for a new island, Where I met my First Mate. He had been stranded on a tiny island with little to no resources with three other people! Taking it upon myself, I invited him to my crew, and granted passage to the other people to a more populace island. After flying for a few days, we came across a beautiful island, the only problem? Low resources. A ship had come out of nowhere, attacking our ship and damaging the helm beyond use. After fighting them off, we set about collecting nickle to repair the ship, only to find there was not a single bit of nickle on the island! Luckily a passerby had been carrying some on his voyage to the worlds beyond the wind, and he was kind enough to spare us some nickle. After this event, we set about getting powerful engines to cross the windwall, and leave behind the only world we had ever know. This game is AMAZING, this is the FIRST DAY of closed beta and I'm already having more fun than I've had in games in years! The majority of the downvotes are people with less than 5 hours who havent even tried to learn the games mechanics/dont understand the physics involved in ship construction and grapple use! I have had performance issues with this game on 1080P max settings on a GTX`080. That being said, I could never run ark for years. This game is young, but has so much potential, just give it some time and it will blossom into what the MMO Franchise should have been years ago!"
,Recommended,322780,32065766,Posted: 30 May,all,RepsaJ,"I think this is the best early access launch I have ever seen. This game is mostly bug free, but has some annoying and irritating bugs. Still the promises the devs gave came true. This is actually a really good, balanced MMO ship building survival crafting game.Pro's- Fully customizable ships with serveral 'parts' you can build from serveral 'materials'.- Great and fun community, not much toxicness.- Great balanced PvP (you wont get killed all the time but you might lose everything in 30 minutes)- Active devs- This is actually MMO, not a lie, there are 2 servers NA and EU. It works perfect.- This is where 'Guns of Icarus' meets 'Rust'.Con's- Lack of documentation and guides- Wiki seems outdated- Random lagspikes that kills you (this is not unplayable just frustrating)"
,Recommended,322780,32093594,Posted: 31 May,all,skinsjar.com,"Ok so a lot have been written in the review about this game, I only want to add something very important if you are a single player without any friends playing together.I have seen 2 sides of this game, an exploration kind of game with some PvP and a total PvP game - no exploration, no farming (it doesn't worth it).So when there were not many players in the server you could explore, farm some materials to build a ship and even design your own ship.When there started to be a lot of players in the server all of that is gone.If you try to farm resources, build a ship and pass some walls than you will only reach until the farming part.You can farm for an 1-2 hours to build a decent ship and you will most likely get shot by random players roaming, stealing your resources or shooting you for no real reason.I manage to get high knowledge only because I started to play before huge amounts of people join the servers.For the final conclusion: If you are a single player, DO NOT buy this game. you will acheive nothing. Not the fun of exploration, not the PvP (which you will not reach because of being killed and return to starting point) and if you want to shoot some people than have fun trying to shoot moving targets in 10-20 fps.Do Not buy this game if you are playing alone. There is not enough skill in this game to allow you to overcome even 2 players by yourself or even 1 player with basic cannon."
76561198102054768,Recommended,322780,32066909,Posted: 30 May,all,Autoerrotic Asphyxiation,"It takes a long time to succeed, and the menus can be glitched, but this is an incredible game. Buy and play plz"
76561198038965966,Recommended,322780,34722247,Posted: 3 September,all,Cologan,"for me personally its a great game. for a thorough explanation id advise you to read the other reviews, this is more of a tl;dr:The game at its current state WILL be frustrating for people that are just looking for a finished game. If you dont mind a bug or two and want access to a semi-stable and fun beta, this it the game for you.I can best describe it as a mix of No Mans Sky, guns of Icarus, and Rust, with the best elements of all games, but also some of the bad ones. EXP grinding and forced PVP might be a problem for some! Ressource grinding is nonexistant however."
76561198127437041,Not Recommended,322780,34832931,Posted: 9 September,all,BlueBaron2,Fun game with great physics but at its current state of EA i would only reccomend buying it if you want to support the devs.Pros- Physics are spot on and alot of fun- Build airships and pvp in general is very enjoyable- a fair bit of stuff to do-handles ok for a unity based openworld game of this sizeCons- the lag is very bad and constant spikes- Fps for a cartoon like game is amazingly bad even for a good com (most likely due to all the clouds dust etc which should get optimised soon)- alot of bugs where you can lose everything you own-No real indication of what you need to do or how to do it you will be woundering around with no clue as to what to do untill you spend a few hours watching youtubeAll in all i refunded the game but i will keep a close eye on it untill release as it is still verypromiseing and has great chance to be something great
76561197991850157,Not Recommended,322780,33594756,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr.Whîtë™,"totally over priced indie game and its early access.....wait for a sale, 15 u.s.d fair"
76561198218258329,Recommended,322780,34817086,Posted: 8 September,all,andreasblind,"You should make it esier for one player to take down a team, otherwise those without any friends(me included) will be killd and lose everything like for times over"
76561198061748212,Recommended,322780,35072020,Posted: 19 September,all,Lord2Cold,"So before we get started I would like those who are thinking of purchasing this great game to not be run off by the negative reviews. Take note of there in game hours and there lack of any reviews for any game being positive. Most of them are negative ppl in life and are easily upset if the dev's do not comply with there every care bear whim!Usually don't do these but decided this game was worth the review.So to start you are thrown into a world with no tutorial, which for me was great! Gather up knowledge to unlock engines, wings, cannons and extra schematic slots. Such a great feeling when starting out and you solo your first wind wall. Later as your progress more into the knowledge tree you can then traverse over storm and sand walls. The core game play is over all great unless you have terrible rng on core upgrades then the game can feel like quite the grind.So in my review I put that I would recommend this game however I would not recommend this game to those who are not ready and willling to adapt to current metas and base your playstyle off them, in this game it is ideal once you start to progress that you find a crew off the website or have active friends who play this game. I would suggest those who are first starting out to always keep 4k materials on your belt along with your gun as you dont lose them on death. Then should you end up getting sunk or lose your ship due to say a bug you can then be back up and running in an island hopper in a matter of minutes. Be attached to nohting in this game always keep in mind that it is an open world, mmo, full loot with various amounts of pvp!!This game for me overall I would have to give a rating of 7 out of 10.Reasons for the 3 point knock off would have to be for one the client / server desync at times can be a real headache.Next the whole lack of a road map on Bossa's part at this point and finally the ram issues.If you are going to pick up this game again remember its still in beta, best to have a crew, keep lots of mats on your belt, keep up with the current meta and lastly remember there are severe memory leaks so i would recommend you keep task manager up and monitor your memory usuage. You see it getting high best to restart and avoid the constant freezing issues. See ya in the skies my friends!!!"
,Recommended,322780,33286052,Posted: 5 July,all,Dread,Remember that feeling and sense of carm and over excitment you got when you first played minecraft? well this game gave me that same feeling :)
76561198065291141,Recommended,322780,33403526,Posted: 9 July,all,Brighteyes,"The difficult thing about recommending this game is that the experience is different for everyone. Did you start on a good island? Were the players around that island fun and helpful, or mean jerks? Will you glitch into a mountain face and die with no warning?As a game it shows a LOT of promise. The exploration is fun and immersive. Bumping into players you met a few islands back is great; the world is so huge and yet the zone system gives you an ""it's a small world after all"" vibe. The crafting and building systems have a HUGE learning curve but once you conquer it, it's easy enough while still being complex and intuitive.But at the moment, promise is all this game has. You will suffer a lot of frustration in this game. You'll die to rogue players. You'll die to glitching into and off of things. You'll die when you log back in because pirates came and salvaged your ship while you weren't there. And you'll have to start over.But for what it is right now, and what it COULD be, I'd buy it again. And I'd recommend anyone that wouldn't miss the money to buy it, too."
,Recommended,322780,33351448,Posted: 7 July,all,Jackie,"Amazing game but♥♥♥♥♥♥community, the survival is good and grappling hooks / crafting part is a little too unclear at the start. but the community is *******. People get a pistol at the start of the map and keep it untill they have a ship and start shooting everyone. i've died 9 times to a 3 man who kept spawncamping. i hope this can get improved"
76561198400697909,Recommended,322780,34068696,Posted: 6 August,all,Siegprinz,I like to build airships.I like to explore flying islands.I like to loot treasure chests.Sometimes I like to be a pirate.I love this game.
,Recommended,322780,33636253,Posted: 18 July,all,Harkess,Spent 20 mins flying through the sky grapple hooked to a giant beetle thing10/10 Would make giant beetle friend again.
76561198032282488,Recommended,322780,35094831,Posted: 20 September,all,Cthulhu,"This game is pretty fantastic.Not sure if it's just during a lul or what but so far I very rarely see other players and when I do they usually just go about their exploring.Obviously needs work and currently poorly optimized... but I'm willing to forgive that because the unique gameplay always leaves me wanting a bit more.Just getting from place to place seems a bit tedious, but when I go to other games all I can think about is how I can't get that feeling of freedom of movement this game has in spades.Most who enjoy survival type games will love this, many who enjoy action games will find it surprisingly fun to zip around (but maybe they should try the island creator)... Either way every game should have grappling hooks like this."
,Recommended,322780,31992108,Posted: 27 May,all,Kangzo,"This game allows you to be a sky pirate, what more can I say?Ofcourse, the preformance needs some more work, but that is understandable from an early acces game.this game has so much to explore, and being an open world sandbox game it allows you to go on your own adventure and explore the world in your own way.No hand holding, just trial and error. I like that.Bright future for this game!"
76561198201010882,Recommended,322780,31978666,Posted: 26 May,all,Garth Algar,Worlds adrift I would say is an awesome game. The way you find things out for yourself is great. Definitely needs work but I'd recommend it
76728118373119578,Recommended,322780,32023391,Posted: 28 May,all,Jasesaster,"Its a really cool game if you are into steampunk,ship building and some no mans sky like travelingSadly at lower levels/you dont know what you are doing can cause your ship to be awful slow and take a long time to get from point A to point B.Its rough around the edges but it sure as hell fun to play.allthough I do recomend you be patient or else you are not going anywhere."
76561198084016335,Not Recommended,322780,34031785,Posted: 4 August,all,DarkAngelVK,"Ok so I do like this game. However it feels like it is in really early alpha, the game is way to buggy and unfinished for me to be able to recomend it yet. There have been way to many instances during my time playing this game, where i have been filled with rage over some annoying bug happening relating to crews or building ships. Wait to buy this game untill the developers fix some of its overwhelming issues."
76561197997748612,Recommended,322780,35197156,Posted: 24 September,all,1stGenGamer,"Ok, first off I just want to come out and say this; If all you want to do is explore and build really cool air ships, this game is not for you. This is a PvP centric game where by playing, you run the risk of loosing your ship and booty at any moment. There have been many complaints about griefing but I suspect many of those are from people who did not understand this is a PvP game and just because they got shot down, they call it griefing. I'm also sure that some of those complaints are legit. As with any PvP game you always see an element try to creep in that is only interested in making themselves feel powerful by picking on less experienced and less equipped players in starting areas. I also see the community at large seeking out those players and dealing with them. If you have played EvE, then you will know how this works. Except in Worlds Adrift, everyone starts in null sec.I have not had that experience on US West. I would say 8 out of 10 players where friendly and not really interested in picking a fight. The other two chased me for more than an hour because I thieved all their booty. Anyway, what you don't loose is your ""Knowledge."" and knowledge is what enables you to build better ships. I guarantee that the ship you build after you loose one will be better. The one you build after that will be even better. So on and so on and so on.CONS:There are some really annoying bugs and imbalances. Game freezing resulting in insta-death, invisible objects destroying your ship, OP wildlife destroying your ship and killing you and occasional endless logon screens just to name a few. But all this is expected as the game is still in beta and not at a level that makes it unplayable. The hiccups have not hindered my ability to have some fun exploring and building but, I have slammed my hands down on my desk a few times. The price is a little much for a beta.PROS:It's a beautiful world in a refreshing style. The grappling mechanic is a blast but takes practice. A constant feeling of insecurity that I find exhilarating. The ship building and improving my own designs. And BOOTY! now who doesn't like booty.CONCLUSION:I recommend this game to anyone who wants a challenge that truly delivers rewards and wants to get in on the ground floor (I sound like a late night infomercial). I do not recommend this game to anyone that is looking for WoW with airships. I do think that the developers have not emphasized the PvP aspect of this game in the sales pitch which has led to some frustrated players.~For what it's worth"
,Recommended,322780,34964726,Posted: 14 September,all,Joshiks,Get it get it i cant explain how much fun this is DO IT NOW
76561198215765440,Recommended,322780,32063049,Posted: 30 May,all,Leif GW Persson,Its a good game. Most of the time its no bugs but sometimes you will experience some bugs that might kill you. But the game is very easy and it has one of the best community that i have ever scene. So dont be afraid of pepole killing you. But if someone is chasing you you should fight back
76561198061118814,Recommended,322780,32223906,Posted: 6 June,all,Prejad,Nice
76561197978904269,Not Recommended,322780,33744167,Posted: 23 July,all,Interlink,Don't bother until pvp/pirating/griefing is fixed thumbs down til then.
,Not Recommended,322780,33759539,Posted: 23 July,all,Elektro Fox,"The GAME is great. It really is. The community? Get ready to be killed over and over and over again. Get ready to have your ship torn apart by people in bigger groups than you. Why isn't there any karma system? FIX ITEDIT: Case in point, read my discussion post on this. The responses tell you everything you need to know about this game being griefer heaven. To the developers, fix this now. If I could refund this I would, but unfortunately it takes to ♥♥♥♥ing long to learn anything and actually know if you like the game or not. Don't make this a waste of money. It will stick to your reputation.EDIT 2: Seriously, look at the discussion. It is currently locked, but it can be found here:https://steamcommunity.com/app/322780/discussions/0/1458455461492856767/"
,Recommended,322780,31973877,Posted: 26 May,all,Stephanov,"I noted there's a few neg reviews, I want to address a few points apart from my own.Here's some things to keep in mind:-If your PC is bad, do not expect good FPS. Apart from loading parts of the world in, the game runs just fine. (For me at any rate, i5, GTX970, 16gb ram) If you do not meet the recommended specifications and start blaring about how you can't play the game properly, please do not take part in the human gene pool. Otherwise, just point out what needs polishing and stop being a baby.-This is a PVP game with no safe zones, not a hugbox PVE game. If you're going to rate a game badly because someone kills you after you buy a PVP game, sorry to burst your bubble but you're an idiot.-There's a button you can press which shows you the key layout. What you need to do is very straightforward. There's no real tutorial yet afaik - but if you're someone that doesn't need everything spoonfed to them, you'll manage.-There will be one point where you colossaly screw something up. (Timing a rope badly and smashing yourself into a rock, letting go of an island by accident and falling to your death, a ship construction where you mess something up) Just learn from it.-The game still needs polishing, optimization, and maybe a bit better servers. Though the last point I can't really complain about seeing I've only played for about 4 hours before writing this, and the downtime they had was minimal. They're still in the bugfixing/optimization phase. I'd be more concerned if this game was released on steam for 4-5 years and were still an unoptimized piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Looking at you Space Engineers.-There's exploring, combat, resource gathering, spidermanesque acrobatics, do whatever you want to do.If you think the game could be fun and the idea of going into a world split in islands where you have to go between them by airship seems like a nice adventure, give it a try.If your only course of action is going to be ""Waaah I want everything spoonfed to me, waaaah my soviet era computer can't run this game, waaaaah how dare they do maintenance to fix issues on their servers, waaaah I get kill in PVP game"", please do not buy this game and just move on. It's that simple."
76561198033631926,Not Recommended,322780,33655357,Posted: 19 July,all,CBRF3,I will say the game is a bit early for early access $30+ is way to much $10-$15 is where it should be. They need to let things mature a bit more before they released it for consumer purchase. The game is heavily a grind fest with weird issues with physics collision and also major problems as far as servers themselfs lagging and doing 10-30 sec lockups randomly usually at worst possible time.I also want to point out there is a serious issue as far as balancing they need to make the world new player area much larger people are running into each other second they log in getting shot in the face and everything taken from them as soon as they log in firsttime and it does nothing but repeat for hours.I have another complaint what is going on is it me or does every single critter in game try to attack you for no reason even though theyre suppose to be passive unless theyre messed with seriously been minding my own bussiness only to have the ray or weird bee looking thing just start attacking me swarming me for no reason.The game simply needs more time before they release it for public playing and there simply isn't enough content in the game currently just a repetative grind day in and day out once players hit end they come back to startup area and grieve players constantly.
76561197994833998,Not Recommended,322780,34086574,Posted: 7 August,all,Cptn JL,This game is awesome but the key features of this game are game-breakingly glitched out.I've lost allmost all my ship due to ship-wrecking loading glitches. fix this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198021172526,Not Recommended,322780,35241558,Posted: 27 September,all,Noncreative,"Stay clear of Worlds Adrift for now.Between the alpha and this new paid beta, the game has been consistently on a downhill trajectory.  Unless you can play with a consistent crew of friends, this isn't the game for you.  Dev/Community communication is at an all time low, and what little playerbase remains can't afford to be friendly.  If I still believed Bossa could make the game they showed hints of in the alpha I'd call this a good investment, but I can't say I do anymore."
,Not Recommended,322780,33603417,Posted: 17 July,all,Aronix,"I really want to enjoy this game but at the current stage it is just too riddled with bugs and glitches, pretty much anytime you do anything you can die.Mining a rock or chopping a tree? Physics engine will randomly shoot the tree/metal in your face and you will die.Flying around in your ship or trying to pass a wind/storm/sandwall ? Out of nowhere the game will freeze for 5 seconds and you will be sent flying into the voidAlso, the schematics for atlas core upgrades are the most essential part of progress in this game and without them your ship can barely have the neccecary parts eqipped without being overloaded as the standard 1000kg gets you essentially nowhere, and let me tell you right now that these schematics are rare as ♥♥♥♥. Me and my friends flew around to probably 20 islands before we even got ahold of one blueprint. A better way to aquire the atlas core upgrades would be to have them available in the knowledge treeThe mantas also have a RIDICULOUSLY high health total craving nearly a stack of bullets ( 20 ) EACH to kill meaning if you are a solo player 3 mantas could easily leave your ship ruined before you can manage to kill them all, because once they're aggroed there is no other way to get rid of them than killing them.I hope bossa studios manages to sort the bugs, balance and optimize the game because the concept is really good and when the game works as intended it plays so well but in its current state i just cannot recommend it as it is essentially unplayable most of the time.EDIT : But if you can stand dying in the most ridiculous of ways and have more patience than me then this game can be amazing at times, i am defineitely looking forward to being able to change this review from a thumbs down to a thumbs up when the glitches and bugs have been sorted out."
76561198179123701,Not Recommended,322780,35006872,Posted: 16 September,all,Zaxmin,"you always need to spend one hour to rebuild a ship each time you login, because you ship will be destroed or stole when you logout. And there is no way to save your ship."
,Recommended,322780,32013994,Posted: 28 May,all,Quezocotal,Open World - CheckSuper Violent - CheckEndless Content Created by other Players Mistakes - CheckStorms are a ♥♥♥♥♥ - CheckYou never feel like you've run out of stuff to do - CheckTEAM BASED COMBAT - Check----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Queue Pirate musicRoll credits.....
76561198069587322,Not Recommended,322780,34043041,Posted: 5 August,all,LanceKL,"Great Potential, Dont buy. Waste of 35$ the pvp community is so toxic. Spawn, make a ship, Lose your ship you spent hours gathering mats for. Game needs a PVE mode But even then the over powered Manta Ship eaters will get ya. Will play again once their is a PVE mode if not the devs are losing a big chunk of $$$ to be earned."
76561198012581473,Not Recommended,322780,34341000,Posted: 18 August,all,Chrisman01,"You can spend hours gathering resources and designing the perfect ship, then lose the whole thing to a glitch or players minutes after takeoff.  Usually a glitch.  There's no way to save the entire ship other than the hull shape, which means starting 100% from scratch each time.If you could easily rebuild your ship this would be great.  As it stands, you spend hours gathering materials... for what?  Not only can you lose your ship easily, but there's currently no endgame.Will update if/when these issues are addressed."
,Recommended,322780,32310779,Posted: 10 June,all,Sportapus,The best game i have ever played. Has a great stoy that u reveal while playing the game. The game is a sandbox so it's realy fun to mess around and listen to the original soundtracks.
,Not Recommended,322780,35094591,Posted: 20 September,all,Reflex,"I really like this game! It has a great art style, awesome mechanics and the beginnings of a great story. I've only managed to rack up 20+ hrs and despite a couple random deaths, my time has been thoroughly enjoyable. It has great potential.This makes my review all the more difficult as the implementation of EAC sadly means I will no longer play while EAC is a requirement.From my understanding EAC is a third party program used to monitor player beahviour while the software it is monitoring is active. It is used to find cheats. While I support developers attempts to make games fair and I understand EAC is used in other titles (this is my first), for me EAC is a solid no. Regardless of how EAC protects Worlds Adrift from cheaters, I would prefer to spend my time with a developer who presumes it's community are innocent enough not to compel its users to install a third party monitoring service on their personal computers, especially when EAC was introduced after most of the community backed the game.I love Worlds Adrift and the community members I ran into in game have been awesome! I just wish you had used a lot less invasive way to keep the game fair. I'll keep monitoring to see if there are any changes. Until then fly safe!"
76561198023454088,Not Recommended,322780,33361231,Posted: 7 July,all,Captain Plamet,"Most of my time has been spent trying to get out of the first zone.  I can't say i'd recommend this time sink of a game to anyone.  Not really any exploration, you have to look up videos for any instruction on gameplay.  3/10 wish I could get a refund.I decided that I wanted to give the game another shot and that I was just being a little harsh.  Boy was I wrong.  I am now on my 5th attempt at getting through -The First Difficulty Wind Wall- and it just failed.  Videos and guides as well as instructional videos on controlling your ship don't work.  I am incredibly dissapointed in this game for such a horrible, horrible idea on these wind walls.  2/10, really too late to get that refund now."
76561198032530210,Not Recommended,322780,34044262,Posted: 5 August,all,ruicunha_tv,"Game has no goals yet, just a big map with islands that all look the same. This is another early release scam for 30 euros, game has very low fps on pc, they say its multiplayer but when you find more another ship game starts lagging. Do not buy this, this is another early acess scam."
,Recommended,322780,32468710,Posted: 16 June,all,c0met,Not a bad game. Actually love the art and how its open world PvP. Just need more optimizations and bug fixes and were gooooood.
,Recommended,322780,31939530,Posted: 24 May,all,Nox,"I've been in the alpha forever, and I have to say that it's got a constant feeling of risk, and a constant stomach butterfly feeling from the crazy spiderman acrobatics you do in the middle of the sky.Each ship starts with a concept, and then you sketch out a hull and start building on it. I've made stripped down racers with huge engines and light frames that blasted so fast they left a long streak in the sky, and I've built massive heavily armored whales that carried tens of thousands of units of cargo of all different types of construction materials from scavenging.I spent days picking through trash in a junkyard, and helping others build ships, and I spent loving hours making new ship after new ship, and leaving them around unlocked for players to find and explore.This game is a lot like playing with legos. It's prosocial, so you should plan on being open and cooperative from the getgo - that's how you enjoy it best.I was a huge critic of their plans not to have AI opponents, and a pve game. I blasted the devs, predicted their doom, failure and all of it. I ran off in a huff, but came back and just accepted that they have a vision and I would play to it, and I found a gem of a game that I truly love - against all of my expectations.My strong recommendation to all of you is to step outside of your comfort zone and try something new, because this really is something new."
76561198051303465,Not Recommended,322780,32379644,Posted: 12 June,all,Dutch_Tuchd,"I enjoy the game play, I love building and exploring. But... currently this game is often unplayable not just due to the lag the Devs are working to reduce, but because griefers continue to stream snipe and spout racial slurs in game chat ruining any momentary enjoyment and turning hours or even days worth of harvesting and building. I do not recommend purchasing this game until the Devs do something to reduce the number of griefers still in the game."
,Not Recommended,322780,32276588,Posted: 8 June,all,BHawthorne,"An exploration game with a linear skilltree with PvP and ship crafting. Can spend hours shipbuilding. You can solo this game, but I don't recommend solo.Many of the islands you explore are bad design and really should be swapped out for better ones. There is good island content in the workshop that isn't in yet.Will not recommend the game till the lag spikes are addressed and the proposed anti-griefing mechanics are also implimented."
76561198196781493,Recommended,322780,32967478,Posted: 28 June,all,StickBrain,"My experience with Worlds Adrift:-Spawns in revival chamber, sees the option ""Q"" to climb-presses Q and glitches through the ground suddenly dying :P-Gets out without climbing-Creates a ship-Accidentally takes off pieces of ship-Crying because the pieces of the ship fell through the ground never to be seen again-Crying again because spare pieces of ship I created also fell through the ground-Makes the mistake of pressing Q, and falls through the ground-Finishes ship and leaves the gameI love this game, really recommend!"
76561198185162585,Not Recommended,322780,31940060,Posted: 24 May,all,Zeta,"Bugged, glitchy, bad game.Parts randomly disappearing, Ships rubberbanding like♥♥♥♥♥♥extreme memory leaks, memory leaks kill you, everything randomly kills youBuy it in 10 years when they finished their♥♥♥♥♥♥... I mean they already were inplaytest for like 4 years. The devs are making this gameeven worse and I feel a bit scamed after buying the explorer pack.DON'T BUY in this state, which will probably never change"
76561198084464787,Recommended,322780,32027986,Posted: 28 May,all,IaMBaTman,Great game.Casually flying shipGet launched into oblivion out of nowhereRespawnGet launched again10/10 would fly again
,Recommended,322780,32660134,Posted: 22 June,all,Interloper,"This game really caught me by surprise and I am so glad I found out about it. This is by far one of the most enjoyable sandbox games I have ever played. What makes the experience so special is the other people you meet and the vast options of ways to interact. You can explore, trade, hitch hike, pirate. Hell you can hop on someone's ship and fly off with it. While pirating is present most of my interactions have been friendly. The community is more than willing to help you get started and welcome you to the skies.When it comes down to gameplay there is a lot to do and a surprisingly complex ship building mechanic. While it was slightly confusing at first I must say learning this game is an absolute blast and I highly reccomend avoiding all guides. From what resources you use to what kind of frame you construct, everything matters and every ship is unique. The system of collection knowledge to learn how to improve your ship is very nice and feels far from tedious. Resource gathering does not feel grindy and overall the experience is enjoyable.However, all of the pros of this game aside there are some flaws but that is to be expected. You may die to odd things from time to time and performance is not great. The game suffers from freeze ups due to large amount of entities loading and unloading. Since it is cpu based instead of gpu based it also lags a  bit more than it should on my rig. Though these issues can be rough at times, they have not been a great burden on my experience and overall I have enjoyed my time with the game.I highly reccomend this title to anyone who is willing and understanding of the issues of a game that is still in closed beta. I personally plan to sink thousands of hours into this title. It truly is a gem."
,Recommended,322780,32622473,Posted: 21 June,all,Beni51,"amazing game, it is unfair for people who play alone thobecause pirates . and the fact that they just go in your ship and steal stuff, i wish there where a lock or something"
,Recommended,322780,32715829,Posted: 24 June,all,Williepicket,"Farm resources,Make a ship,Make a gun,Fly to islands,See islands far out passed a wind wall,tries to fly pass with no engines,gets stuck in the middle of nowhere,repeat."
76561198074550618,Recommended,322780,33052078,Posted: 30 June,all,True Intellectual,"Honestly if you love people getting really salty after you blow up their entire ship, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198074392711,Recommended,322780,33008783,Posted: 29 June,all,Pench the Bes,"Good game, very fun with friends."
,Recommended,322780,31958588,Posted: 25 May,all,Ztrack,There are bugs yes. The current FPS issues are due to server load and not the game itself. How do i know? Everything is fine FPS wise once you get past the noobie area. I will review this game and not the current server issues.This game is worth the buy. It is a fantastic solo or crew experience. The ship mechanics work very well though there are glitches here and there right now due to server instability. The movement is fluid and the grappling hook adds a lot to the game and is very fun to control. The knowledge tree with all its schematics is a little grindy but i guess thats how it needs to be to lengthen the game and force people to explore new islands and biomes.
76561198046766354,Not Recommended,322780,33598636,Posted: 16 July,all,MoeFuggar,"Griefer heaven. It is an open PVP game, so I do expect to be blasted out of the sky continually and having to reacquire and rebuild over and over again. But with the droves of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ meandering throughout this game shooting you on site and trashing your work in progress, you're lucky just to get a ship off the ground. Want to explore an island? Don't bother putting your ship in a shipyard. It won't be there when you get back. If they can make it so that you have just one ounce of protection while building your ship, this game would be great. Then I can get blasted out of the sky the moment I leave whatever safe space that is. But there's just nothing stopping the griefers. Makes it feel likes there's no point in playing the game. As others have pointed out, the lack of end-game content is likely contributing to this."
76561197972267739,Not Recommended,322780,33664542,Posted: 19 July,all,r3dwine,"Do not buy this game.  It is absolute trash.The game is in beta, sure, ok, but what about all the games in early release alpha?  They are more stable and have less bugs than this game does.There is an invincibility bug that you can obtain, enabling you to loot and take any thing you want.  There is major lag in between every zone.  There is no end game content.  There are inventory bugs.  Maybe in a year or two from my posting date, this game will be playable.  Until then, do not waste your time nor your money.This is literally the only review i've written with several thousand hours committed on steam.  It's that ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,322780,31966564,Posted: 25 May,all,ROW,"ok so it looks quaint, the minimlistic graphic style works well.the play stile is steep and rewarding, gathering bits bobs seaking out xp that you scan from the enviroment.PVP is real and satisfying, why build and farm when u can take off others its tough abd has the real loss of the RUST style games while on the ground. in the air it takes on guns of icc style gameplay...whats not to love.getting your crew together pushes the fun factor out the window even when u stranded out in the void and your face on in the wind being pushed into a storm wall. giggling like school kids accepting the impending doom.the price tag is high for a ea title and i have smooshed in on a bucket load of them over the last few years yet, im pleasently enjoying this game and feel wibbly about the oppertunity to miss behave with a full crew.come on in and play.. the thumbs be up!"
,Recommended,322780,31993142,Posted: 27 May,all,GorddoGaming@Twitch,This Game is AWESOME cant wait until they add new stuff
76561198015958014,Recommended,322780,33542112,Posted: 14 July,all,Rockhound,"game is great. But it is too unstable to really enjoy. Lag keeps disrupting the gameplay. I keep geting thrown of my ship, and loosing my stuff."
,Recommended,322780,32910534,Posted: 27 June,all,tteett,Pretty fun game if you have friends to play with. If you're running solo it is pretty difficult to defend your ship from pirates (other players) bording your ship and taking it over. The hook to grab onto places it really fun to use when jumping around the islands. At the moment right now there are some issues with FPS to where you will drop to 10 and below on certain parts of the islands. Overall really fun to play. If you like space and advernture games you'll like this one.
,Recommended,322780,32003246,Posted: 27 May,all,Lack of potato,"Worlds Adrift is a beautiful game, when played with friends.Everything you do in this game brings a certain satisfaction :)That ship? You designed it and made it.That wind wall? You penetrated it.Those stacks of wood and metal in your inventory? You risked yourself harvesting them.That island? You flew to it.That storm wall? Nah, we're still working on it.I recommend Worlds Adrift to every gamer that doesn't mind a little grinding here and there, and a good amount of smart thinking."
76561198123572728,Recommended,322780,32087224,Posted: 31 May,all,ahandy21,"I love this game, most fun I've ever had just running around and exploring 10++ out of 10.(BTW I has no keys so plz don't ask.)"
,Recommended,322780,31972794,Posted: 26 May,all,Dknighter,"Great game, open world pvp which is an excellent feature and the main reason I bought the game. They just need to fix the servers as the game is a laggy mess at the moment."
76561198053757682,Recommended,322780,32002870,Posted: 27 May,all,Xzyrian,Built a lot of ships trying to breach the windwall but kept failing. decided to hitchhike with someone over it met some nice people. hitchiked with someone else to another island got robbed and killed in the air. 10/10 would do it again
,Recommended,322780,33568812,Posted: 15 July,all,BigAntoni,Nice game with a few bugs. Also awesome playerbase 9/10. Lost my ship in an epic battle with a player named Charge. But spawned at the best island ever so thanks for that <3New addiction <3
76561198131314959,Recommended,322780,31950147,Posted: 25 May,all,MrBulldops,"A truly new experience. If you've ever loved sandbox games this is one to tryThe map is wonderful, and sailing between the broken islands in your first rickety ship is a rewarding experience, seeing your ship gorw and improve is more rewarding still, exploring feels like heading into the unknown and brings rewards, from lore and technology to new friends and enemies.The scale is brilliant, you truly feel tiny as you swing from the base of an island, below you the abyss and all around you the mantas become dots on the horizon while still never seeming to get close to the next island which hangs in the air half veiled in fog.Moving is a joy/ The movement system leaves you feeling free, swinging and generally using the grappling hook is intuitive and takes very little time to learn but it gives you access to a form of travel that other games can't even touch. Even before you make a ship the game has you feeling free.I've already encountered many different types of player in the community, built side by side with randoms, sailed  and worked with friendlies, and battled raiders to the death. Every island you discover brings more players and more different interactions.I'm finding the game to be great, I may not know why I'm out there or what I'm headed to but it's truly a fantastic time going on the adventure."
76561198119773306,Recommended,322780,34112976,Posted: 8 August,all,Lonestar2123,"Great game.. Has loads of content for right now.. I would say that it is not enough to fully entertain someone for alot of time... But I have about 153 hours of gameplay.. And I mean I have only been bored with the game due to lack of friends to play with. I see this game even going further in terms of pubs if they can keep optimizing the game. So far I am loving the game and how the islands and all of the content are player made. I find that very interesting. Even making an island myself. But I find that the game needs a bit more than just sandwalls, Stormwalls, and windwalls to go throgh. I mean for early on it is a great game to get into.. Everyone compains about the PVP....  All I have to say to this is dont play the game alone.. I have and I made it trhrough all of the walls in the game solo... People expect the game to be easy which it is not... But besides the community being torn between no pvp and pvp I love this game and I hope to see it grow in the future."
,Recommended,322780,33476698,Posted: 12 July,all,Prazon,Rust with airships
76561198056468036,Recommended,322780,34014307,Posted: 4 August,all,λze - Twitch (aze_tf),"The game is amazing if you can appreciate the excitement of building your own ship and literally sailing the skies. Lots of people are raging because they get killed by a glitch, so what, its early access, its to be expected. I will admit that it does happen quite frequently and it can be annoying but if you play smart and store your resources properly, dying really isnt a thing to be concerned about.People are also raging about a toxic community. well heres a news flash, the game isnt about lovey dovey role playing. you build a ship, you explore, your kill, you loot. if you lose a battle you still have all your schematics and your belt resources to go again. every single player in the game has the exact same weapon and does the same damage so the only difference is the ship. where there are ships, there will be pirates. theres nothing stopping a new player from boarding a high level ship and stealing it. especially if there is a group of you.besides ive rarely even seen other players in the game and when i do, most of the time i shoot at them incase they want to steal my ship, which most of the time they do. overall its a great game, its a shame people are having a sulk over someone killing them in a pvp game."
,Recommended,322780,32140764,Posted: 2 June,all,ｐｉｒｘｉｓ,"Best game I have ever played, hands down.There is nothing comparable to building your sky ship, fighting for it with pirates and then barely escaping the island on the last working engine. I never had a better PVP action than the fight I had now for someone's ship. Spiraling down, exhaust smoke leaving a huge trail, two guys swinging on ropes attached to the ship trying to shoot each others brains out. One to save his ship, one to take what is not rightfully his.And I didn't make it out of the first zone yet!The game has some bugs and optimization problems, but outside of huge island stuff rendering, my gameplay was mostly smooth.I recommend it to anybody, whether you look for exploration, PVP action or just a good experience."
,Recommended,322780,32084510,Posted: 31 May,all,Ralven,Most fun iv'e had in a game in a very long time.
,Recommended,322780,32094667,Posted: 31 May,all,Koi,"As someone who was in the first batch of Closed Beta keys and experience in-game during that time, I feel the need to express my opinions about this game.SOME SPOILERS AHEADThis game has HUGE potential as a sucessful MMO title from a trustworthy indie developerPROS:Fantastic art styleImpressive physics engine (although still buggy at this stage of Beta)Great game for building teams/playing with friends or even new peopleOpen-world exploring on a whole new levelThe schematic system and player ""knowledge"" system are fantastic and make the player want to continue exploring to build better ships and progress in the gameCONS:Currently only two main servers which are incredibly laggy due to the unexpected influx of playersAs mentioned before, some physics are a little buggyThe game has a few memory leaks at this point in timeGuns are overpowered (stronger than ship cannons)Stealing from players chests is too easy/no locking featureCertain progression points (storm wall and sand wall in particular) almost require the player to have a good team, which not everyone hasVerdict:I highly recommend this game. It has incredible potential once it comes out of closed beta and eventually makes its way to the public as a polished gameSide notes:""Atlas Coins"" will be a microtransaction-based shop for clothing and similar cosmetic items upon full-releaseMore biomes in the future (potentially snow wall/snow biome has been rumored)More enemy creatures in the future (acid spitting bird rumored)"
,Recommended,322780,32105086,Posted: 1 June,all,Chupple,"Overall a verry unique beautifull and great game, this game has tons of stuff to do even at endgame. once you get an amazing ship you can up grade your parts with better quality materials to last longer in combat. the ship costumisation is amazing you can let your imagination on a walk and although some things could get some tweeks it is the best thing i've seen so far in any mmo survival game.i love the fact that you can never be sure about your surroundings wildlife can turn up and completely wreck you or other player go rogue and steal your stuff, but most important you make alot of new friends as you find em stranded on a deserted island.im really excited about this game and its future it has alot of potential to be a big title."
,Recommended,322780,31957554,Posted: 25 May,all,Theogore,"Having invested roughly 100 hours throughout the series of Alpha tests, I am extremely pleased to see World's Adrift make it into BETA. Worlds Adrift is by far the most innovative and refreshing MMO that I have ever had the pleasure of playing and I cannot wait to see what Bossa Studios has planned for the future.Understanding that Alpha/Beta/Early Access means that the game is unfinished and has bugs that need to be sorted out, this is game that offers a lot of freedom as well as a lot of depth. I personally am comfortable paying $30 to provide feedback during the game's development.The current server queues, zone stutters, lack of optimization... all that stuff takes time to iron out. However, under those small setbacks there is a truely wonderful game that just needs a little polishing and definitely some additional content.If I start to see a lack of content updates, I will change my review to a thumbsdown but for the time being, it's wonderfully entertaining title that I recommend to anyone looking for something unique and different to play."
,Recommended,322780,32239406,Posted: 7 June,all,Vance,"It's a really unique take on the ""survival"" genre. You do all the typical things (gather materials, build, fight) but it's all got a slight refreshingdifference.The game has a lot of potential. There are definitely areas in which the gamehasto improve, but as this is still beta, I trust that they will make adjustments and add things that need to be added.For now, here is a short and very incomplete list of things I feel need adjusting (though these are the most pressing issues I can think of):- PvP is off. There is only 1 weapon (the starting pistol). You expect cannon and aerial combat but instead it's people jumping on your ship and blowing it up with 2 bombs.- Playing with friends once you've advanced far into the game can be frustrating if you get separated. (especially if you've specialized into certain ship parts with your Knowledge)- If you play with a crew, getting on by yourself and doing stuff isn't very practical. You have to build an entirely new ship and disconnect your spawner on your crew's ship just to play alone. Then when your crew gets on you'll need to abandon the ship you just made to play with them again.- Performance issues. Getting smashed into your ship and dying due to sudden desync. Getting punted off your ship due to desync. Freezing for 20-120+ seconds at a time when loading in new islands is agonizing. Terrible FPS on larger islands or in populated zones. Memory leak causing all of the performance issues to be multiplied.Overall, the game is very fun for me even with the issues. For a unique and fresh experience on a style of game that is familiar, give it a try."
,Recommended,322780,32112390,Posted: 1 June,all,Mike Aka Trump,"Games dope, but you know what else is dope this Stuffed Shell Pasta recipe.- 1 (12 ounce) package jumbo pasta shells- 2 eggs, beaten- 1 (32 ounce) container ricotta cheese- 1 pound shredded mozzarella cheese, divided- 8 ounces grated Parmesan cheese, divided- 1 tablespoon dried parsley- 2 teaspoons salt- 1 teaspoon ground black pepper- 1 (28 ounce) jar pasta sauce- 8 ounces sliced fresh mushrooms1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).2. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.3. In a large bowl, mix eggs, ricotta, half the mozzarella, half the Parmesan, parsley, salt and pepper until well combined. Stuff cooked shells with ricotta mixture and place in a 9x13 inch baking dish.4. In a medium bowl, stir together pasta sauce, mushrooms and reserved mozzarella and Parmesan. Pour over stuffed shells.5. Bake in preheated oven 45 to 60 minutes, until edges are bubbly and shells are slightly set."
76561198397188000,Recommended,322780,34900394,Posted: 12 September,all,mikethedarkguy,i love this game but as many ppl say that the game has an end to it that all u can do is just travel to an island and build new ships well it is true but how ever i still find this game very fun and playable and i suppose i should say i kind of had an advantage cuz when i first joined the game i found a very kind crew that let me join them i was very happy for them to have me they helped me find knowlege and recipes so i grew to love the game even more but that does not me i did not suffer from greifers i did a whole bunch of em but me and me crew just recently built a big armored ship loadd with cannons to the teeth and we help all new comers as we can and attack pirates why am i lucky u say cuz ppl in the reviews complain about greifers all the time i guess thats why i got lucky to find my crew
76561198113868275,Recommended,322780,34767159,Posted: 5 September,all,Valkine,"This game shows a ton of promise. I do love the shipbuilding, the exploration, and the non-linear progression system that simply requires you to explore the regions. They are proactively updating, and as long as this games keeps a focus leaning more towards PvE, than PvP, I think it will do well.Alternatively, there are of course the cons; The lag spikes and optimization isn't ideal, and often graphic or server lag will end up being your leading cause of death (Never let go of the helm if you're sailing at full speed!)The community, people will note, is about 7/10 friendly, 3/10 ""unfriendly."". Yes, like any game that features other people, there are some members of the community whose soul purpose is to destroy you and everything you've worked for. It's happened to me three times already, but I don't fault the game developers for there being horrible people on the game.I do like how much a more experineced player can help a newer player out, with something as simple as making them upgardes for their ship, or even just sharing the blueprints. It makes it a lot easier to get through a windwall with a few skycore upgrades!There are a few things that I, at least, would like to see added in the future:-A PvP free safe zone/Social area where players can actually interact without the fear of losing their ship.-CHAIRS to put on ships, because as it stands right now, you have to be holding onto a cannon to not lag off the ship during flight, and you can only have so many cannons on a T1-T2 vessel, due to their weight.-Player to player direct trading system-NPCs with less health (It takes like 20 shots to kill a Manta in T4)-Multiple Characters per account (I think this one's already in the works)Overall, I say it's worth the money, but try and play with a friend or a group, it makes it much easier to get started, and for later play. And since it's still in early access, I suspect there is a lot of content yet to come! (Please add a social hub though!)"
,Not Recommended,322780,34772421,Posted: 6 September,all,pizza time,"good game however, would not reccomend currently, missing huge amounts of content and optimization is minimal - only get the game if you want to financially support the game"
76561198010090170,Not Recommended,322780,34829440,Posted: 8 September,all,Antiks,The game has great potential and could be a lot of fun. However until they fix the lag I can't reccomend this game to anyone. It's been months since I first played and the lag issue still exists with very little or no improvement. Falling to your death on login. Locking up and clipping through your ships floor/walls then falling to your death everytime you approach an island is not terribly fun.  It should be their number 1 priority but instead they are developing more assets and features that don't fix the games core issues.
76561198142150291,Not Recommended,322780,34872168,Posted: 10 September,all,Jean Luc Retard,"All the ideas are there for a great game. When it's optimized to run properly this review with change to a positive, right now it's just too laggy."
,Not Recommended,322780,34876652,Posted: 10 September,all,Ishamael,"I see what the developers are trying to do and it's a really fun concept.  The only issue at the moment is the terrible lag.  If you are buying this game, keep in mind it's for testing and not really trying to enjoy it.Example 1:Get everything ready to travel through a wind/sand/storm wallStart flying through wallLagDie from physics glitchShip blows upStart overExample 2:Try to get on your ship with your ropeGet stuck on something and glitchdie to physics glitchIt's easy to travel through a wall with a group, but doing it solo is almost impossible (i've managed to do it a few times solo) because you die to lag-physics glitches every time.  Essentially the game freezes and then you're 300 feet away spinning real fast waiting for your respawn timer to refresh.  You can't repair because every time you try you physics glitch and die.If the lag-physics glitches were not constantly killing you then the game might be fun.  Overall, the devs are on the right track.  They might gone to early access a little too early though.  I'm going to not recommend the game just yet (~30 hours of playtime), but if they manage to fix the issues, I'll change it to a yes."
,Recommended,322780,34893599,Posted: 11 September,all,"Irony Wynter, Slayer of Normies","The game is a little slow. No one around for MILES, and island hopping is near impossible. I wish I had someone to play with. Maybe some island settlements and things."
76561198193340541,Recommended,322780,34903160,Posted: 12 September,all,Nicolas cage,"First time I saw this game it looked super cool and still it is. But then you need to look on the website blog and look when more founder packs came out. But now can you buy it without doing that.First I played the game alone it was okey but later my friends bought it too and that was super funn. I think the game is more funny if you play with someone, but it is also fun to play it yourself.I really recommend this game. 8/10"
76561198225719880,Not Recommended,322780,34853421,Posted: 9 September,all,BigPie4life,"I played the alpha version of this game and it was really fun even if it was buggy as hell.  However, I have yet to really enjoy this beta version not because of the bugs(not that there isn't a ton of them), but because of the players.  It's PVP is the worst, you can't trust any player because they are all out to get your ship/inventory.  If the player base matures, then I may change my review, but untill then I will not be recommending this game to any of my friends."
,Recommended,322780,33287078,Posted: 5 July,all,Rain,awesome game! 10/10 would play again!
76561198203789565,Recommended,322780,34412927,Posted: 22 August,all,PK Hippodancepvpro.com,"Dear reader, I have played this game now for over 150 hours as it is still pretty new, but the first impression has already firmly been reached. Worlds Adrift is not only a great idea, but it has proven to work really well. The size for the game and all the mods work well although sometimes buggy, but you can be sure that it will be fixed soon as the creators are really efficient. Furthermore the daily maintanance might sometimes cut into the playing time but is always really short, meanwhile improving the game. Hereby i would like to thank everyone involved for making me a happy customer."
,Recommended,322780,35048194,Posted: 18 September,all,AlexMoc,"Did a drive-by with my friend in our flying pirate ship, killed a guy and stole all his materials.10/10"
,Recommended,322780,34807421,Posted: 7 September,all,Morty,"So, after playing this game for almost 200 hours...I love it, fun, needs alot of fixing and what not, could use some new guns and fixing of the loading and lagging when loading in islands, but becides that solid game, The best pirates win for the most part, and although having a better ship helps, anything can happen :)9/10 i would say, look forward to being with the community and watching it grow."
76561197995991397,Recommended,322780,34801753,Posted: 7 September,all,Mr.Pickles,"This is without any doubt the best game I've ever played in my life. I am not efffin kidding. I am 28 years old and have been playing pc games since i was 3 years old. I specialy love survival/pvp games' after over 1000 hours in rust I felt like I needed something new and this game was over any expectations. Yes you will se many blended reviews because people simply can't understand what a early acces game is. This game is extremely well done for an early acces games' just the fact that almost every of the floating islands out there is made by real players, make the world so much more interesting to explore, and every island unique. You can use your scanner in game, and scan the island and se who made it. Awesome right ?You can also download the island editor without even owning the game, and make unique islands for other players to explore.  The community is awesome' 9 out of 10 people you meet in this game are friendly and kind' and will try to help you out if you ask. You will slowly begin to care alot for your ship' your ship will be your base and home, and place where you fight out battles. Yes there is alot of bugs in this game alright.. some of em are SOMEWHAT gamebreaking until you learn how to deal with em. That can take a little while. To give and example :when you fly near a big island that have alot of stuff on it you can lagg alot alright' that can actually  throw you of your own ship, that sounds terrible right !? nah. you have a grable hook, use that to hook on ya ship as your aproach the bigger islands and nothing happen, also have most important stuff on chest on your ship so you don't lose it when you die. You can ofc spawn on your ship if you build a device for such matter.Seriously. Buy this game. If you have any problems with it feel free to add me and ask."
,Not Recommended,322780,33488945,Posted: 12 July,all,SpaceMadMonkey,Pros:ExploringBuildingCustomising the ship hullsDefending the ship against the wildlifeCo-OpCons:Not being able to lock my ships controls and loosing my ship over and over againLag while getting shot in the faceNot being able to lock my cupboards and loosing all my stuff while off exploringNot being told that my enignes are being removed by another player
,Recommended,322780,32107558,Posted: 1 June,all,Jackstraw,wanted a game like this forever. this is IT
76561198059657541,Recommended,322780,34650935,Posted: 31 August,all,Qpmodulator,Stole a shipflew it into another shipkill those ownersstole there shipgot eaten by mantas and lost it all10/10 would get eaten by mantas again
,Not Recommended,322780,33551041,Posted: 14 July,all,TheHolyInvader,"HOLD OFF ON PURCHASING UNTIL LATERWhile the game itself on the frontend is amazing and keeps entertainment rolling through its content.HOWEVER, even travelling from island to island causes severe instabilitity, causing players to hitch and fly off of the airship and die, lock up constantly, lose a heavy amount of frames, lose objects through the world, and a laundry list more worth of game breaking bugs.This games back end is not in a reliable state, hold onto your money until later."
76561198029272013,Not Recommended,322780,33592822,Posted: 16 July,all,Sephi,"I built a awesome ship, had a lot of fun, and then someone jumped on my ship - because of lags i fell down of it in mid air and while i was stuck on lag-screen the one on my ship salvaged my personal reviver. Not going to play again unless this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t stop's happening. Not the first time neither. Early Access is not even close to describe whats happening in this game. Prepare to die. Prepare to waste your time like in no other game only to lose it all because random deaths."
,Recommended,322780,31949317,Posted: 25 May,all,Karmakeeper,"So I've bought this game 14 hours ago and I've played 7 hours. My experience so far is:IT'S AWESOME!!!!There is alot to explore and it's pretty nice to play (for an closed beta!) Sometimes it's a lil' bit laggy since it's still a beta client. If you like games with ships then you should try this out. It's like all the other open world exploration games but still I love the style.The Community seems fine though, just got one time killed by someone who looted my stuff but on the other hand I've met like 25 people who helped me!I really recommend this game!"
,Recommended,322780,32211694,Posted: 5 June,all,Anthony,"i havent played much, but so far this game is amazing, i love the idea of community made worlds all around you, will update once i played more but so far 10/10."
,Recommended,322780,33277779,Posted: 5 July,all,Cla-rawr,"If you are one of the lucky few who got their hands on this game, congratulations. It's one of these games where you feel like you just logged in, but suddenly 7 hours passed. It's best to play with friends, but I can imagine it's fine alone too. Remember that it is Early Access, so not all features are implemented yet and there can be lag and bugs that make you die. Taking those things into consideration, this game seems very promising. Also, all the islands are player-made through the Free-to-play [Worlds Adrift Island Creator], so the look and feel of the islands are awesome and unlimited.Overall, this is a time-consuming, fun, adventure, sandbox, building and pvp game, which you should play with a friend or two."
76561198078371039,Recommended,322780,33280893,Posted: 5 July,all,Badh0rse,"See that stuff in the trailer? Well, that is what we do and it is fun as hell! Although they do not show the bugs ... which are amazing, funny, and sometimes fatal! I give it 10 wombats out of a bakers dozen!"
,Recommended,322780,33296514,Posted: 5 July,all,BustyLeGroove,"Beautifully done game.Positives:-early on PvP!-Beautiful art and delivery-cooperative gameplay-customizable ships-indepth and immersive crafting-GRAPPLING HOOK- world crafting and player recognition-character customization is always great-rewarding explorationnegatives:-ganking can be a bummer if you dont like pvp (I love it, #GITGUD)-not being able to attack and pilot your airship.. pretty lame for single player-no locks on storage (watch your stuff!)-when unlearning schematics you should be able to turn it into a physical copy for a friend or a droppable for wanderers.Overall 8.6/10I am really excited to see how these things change over time. Since this is a beta I really shouldnt give a rating but I am so excited about this game I thought you all needed to know.p.s. ** Note to all the gankers and gankees**please remember this is a game. This is supposed to be fun. Im for PvP all the way. Be a good sport, either killing or dieing. doesnt matter."
76561198091650455,Recommended,322780,33300615,Posted: 5 July,all,MultiGamer3360,"This game is absolutely amazing. I. The first few days I have played it for around 20 hours which is a lot for me. The exploration aspect is insane with each island having secrets of its own. The players are mostly nice. One of them gave me free engines! I have encountered pirates though but that's to be expected, they won't hinder you getting started in my experience. I have lost around 5 ships but they deserved it. Now here's the pros and cons.Pros: amazing graphic styleEach island is uniqueThe grappling hook is amazing fun to mess withThe ship building is the best I have seen I a gameThe player base is mostly helpful with only a few people try to take me down >:)The ships are fun to flyCons: for me it does not run very well and it runs well but freezes up and I get thrown of the shipOn some islands it is near impossible to build a ship that can flyOverall I heavily recommend this game to people who like open world sandbox games.10/10"
76561198047249631,Recommended,322780,33356907,Posted: 7 July,all,Staubkappe,"A great game for everyone who is looking for a sandbox game to play with your friends. Altough the price is arguable, I recommend it."
76561198035685456,Recommended,322780,34839201,Posted: 9 September,all,Stino 523,"Firstly, let me say I was on the fence about this one because of the negative reviews, but I took a chance and bought it anyway.Generally, there are 3 main complaints and honestly, I agree with 2 of them to an extent.1. The lagging/glitching causing you to fall or just instantly die.2. Higher level players preying upon the lower guys for no reason.3. There is no goal, direction or purpose.Here's my two cents on these problems:1. It's an early access, closed beta game. This is to be expected. We are playing to help identify these problems and help the developers fix them. Get over it. (P.S. Being on the controls of a ship or cannon will prevent you from lagging off while transitioning zones.)2. Honestly, pirates are pretty freaking annoying. But this is an open world, PvP game. There is basically no antagonist in this game. If you remove PvP, this game loses most of its' challenge. Get a crew. Fight back. Struggle through it. There are good guys/gals out there that will help you out. You will lose your ship. Get over it. If there was no challenge, there would be no satisfaction for success.3. Have you tried setting your own goals? There is no hand holding in real life. Do you really need someone or something to tell you what to do? If you want to be a pirate, be a pirate. If you want to unlock all the schematics, then go for it. Don't complain because you weren't given a goal on a golden platter. Go out there and set your own goals. (P.S. There is an entire guild/clan dedicated to stealing peoples pants. You make your own goals, doesn't matter what they are.)Overall, Recommended. It's fun. It's challenging. And it's down right frustrating sometimes. But when you attach that brand new shiny engine to your trusty ship, it's worth it.It's a fun game. Way funner with a crew. I highly recommend you play with friends, or find some in game quickly. The best ship in the world with only one crew is no match for a group.One other complaint I want to address is how empty the world is, players wise. Yes, it kind of is. But if it wasn't, there wouldn't be enough resources to go around. And besides, it just adds a little flavor when you're exploring a deserted island looking for goodies and suddenly you hear the drone of engines overhead. Are they friend or foe? It makes it interesting in my opinion.P.S. for you pirates out there complaining about the upcoming PvP updates, your argument is a joke. The fact that you're complaining that the noobs may have the smallest chance of fighting back now after all this time of getting crushed by you is laughable. If you want to prey upon the weak, put your big boy pants on and accept the risk."
,Recommended,322780,32337738,Posted: 11 June,all,Dank Memes,"Apparently most of the people leaving negative reviews forgot to read the ""EARLY ACCESS"" warnings all over the title page. There are bugs. There are balance issues. It's an early access title, I'm not really sure what you're expecting from this. Bossa has been communicating with players throughout the alpha and during the beta to fix these balance issues and bugs. The game still has great exploration and building mechanics, with relatively stable servers, and (on the US west server at least), very very friendly people."
,Recommended,322780,32433272,Posted: 15 June,all,cinderous,"The game was very addicting through the first few weeks of closed beta. As with any beta, there are minor issues as well as major issues.A lot of time invested in this game will go down the drain due to piracy, failed attempts to traverse through fierce storms, or perhaps a disasterous case of angry mantas devestating your ship.The main concern with this game is performance. The simulation slowness that happens is very noticable and sometimes brings you to a crawl while playing with friends, or catapolting you off to oblivion while peacfully enjoying a view from your ship.The map itself is charted by players through a Discord community. The end game content seems to be a bit lack luster. There isn't much left to explore. Collecting the knowledge from doing so only leads to more RNG based rolls on an engine, resulting in a never ending quest for ""the ultimate engine.""The game is fun, but hope there is more incentive to collect knowledge as they add content to the game. More players and epic cannon battles is something I look forward to in this game, however finding it has been quite rare.Overall, I want to play this well thought out and beautiful game more especially once they add more content and provide more stability to performance."
76561198123075536,Recommended,322780,32366245,Posted: 12 June,all,Maveriknight,"These days, games tend to come in one of just a handful of flavors. you've got your FPS, your racing games, RPGs, etc. It's very rare to find anything that truly feels fresh and new. Worlds Adrift manages to do it though. taking the airships in a sea of clouds with occaisional islands concept, Bossa is truly developing what may potentially become one of the next big names in MMOs. Despite the bugs, which, given the game IS still a closed beta, therefore early early access, Worlds Adrift is rapidly becoming a better and better experience, in spite of the occaisional griefer and such. (and please don't mistake griefers for pirates, it's insulting to the pirates.)For Worlds Adrift, Bossa has really chosen a great route to make their world, with everything having simulated physics in realtime, in a world already larger than most singleplayer games, and a world which is still only a fifth of their planned total size for the official public launch, according to what i've heard. not only that, but thanks to their new system, the world will be infinitely scaleable to the playerbase, meaning the world will only get bigger and bigger. with the highly customizeable airships in the mix, this means the world will be a great thing to explore for ages.Additionally, Worlds Adrift has a large focus on player interaction and emergent gameplay, and while that makes the world look empty, even now players are working together to try to fight back against griefers and pirates, and to establish things like community hub islands, secured and run by the players, among many other projects.There are some downsides, of course, but given the game is in a closed beta as mentioned earlier, they are to be expected to some extent, and despite what some people have said, Bossa IS starting to communicate with the players, and by their own admission, they weren't expecting the sudden popularity spike in the first place, leaving them unprepared for large scale communication which is rather reasonable considering.The other big downside is that, unless you join some of the fan discord groups, you can't really experience the best side of the community, but that's easy to remedy, eh?I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who can cope with the occaisional crippling bug or griefer attack. after all, sky diving off your ship down to an island miles below is too good to pass up, isn't it?"
76561198010866450,Recommended,322780,31990092,Posted: 26 May,all,WeeMan,"It's a gypsie avatar parkour spiderman assassins creed, and thats all before you build an airship...get it"
,Recommended,322780,31991811,Posted: 27 May,all,stu,yes
76561197986962661,Recommended,322780,31994422,Posted: 27 May,all,Chen,Great game
76561198004894650,Recommended,322780,31965786,Posted: 25 May,all,tizzlebaby,why cant i connect to the game
,Recommended,322780,35169936,Posted: 23 September,all,Glitchtonic (Nahka),good game with a lot of bugs.they're still working on the game so expect  what a game in development would play like.i had my money's worth of fun and i made some good friends along the way.
,Not Recommended,322780,35217567,Posted: 26 September,all,SURE DO LOVE WATER ^ _ ^,grapple hook 1 second delay.
76561198080830871,Recommended,322780,35377569,Posted: 1 October,all,General Squad Leader (lukemac),I love this game.Been playing it with a friend of mine for atleast 20 hours and it still hasn't gotten boring!we encounter other players regularly which is cool and there are basically no bugs considering it's an early access I'd say that's amazing.The game mechanics are amazing and you can tell a lot of love has been put into this game.
,Not Recommended,322780,33565283,Posted: 15 July,all,Monk,"Basically, Load in shoot rocks get metal build boat. Then crash boat into other players boats. Very grief heavy game. Also not that deep."
76561198254688492,Not Recommended,322780,34338661,Posted: 18 August,all,Hornet,Good game but theres so much lag they need to stop adding new stuff and work on all the lag spike when ur flying on ur ship u get a major lag spike freeze for 15 seconds and randomly fly off ur ship and die
76561198247533084,Recommended,322780,35426097,Posted: 2 October,all,GLaDOS42,"Glitches out a lot and can be frustrating, but is very beautiful and atmospheric. A problem is that almost everyone wants to be a pirate, and will try to rob you even if they're clearly outgunned. Also, it's very tough if you don't have a crew."
76561198051898206,Not Recommended,322780,31960774,Posted: 25 May,all,Nerva,"I love open world base building and exploration games, so this seemed like a perfect fit for me.However, what the pretty pictures of stunning sunrises and majestic flying vessels fail to show is the mess on the ground.Instead of playing a ship simulator, I felt I was playing a ""beetle simulator."" The world might be enormous, but without a ship, the player is stuck on a tiny floating rock. Like a beetle, I was stuck crawling around on this small rock along with half a dozen other flightless players. On such small islands with limited resources, it was impossible to avoid these other players and, since new players spawn in with a gun, every such meeting ended with someone being shot in the head. Dying means respawning only a short distance away from whoever just shot you, so the cycle continues. You can't hide, since your name appears above your head even if you are on the other side of a rock. A lucky player might spawn on an island alone, but despite several ""random respawns"" (not optimal, you lose all your resources and basically start from scratch), I just found crowded rocks.Despite the unpleasant experience, I was excited to carry on and get off the ground... until I realized that as soon as my ship was destroyed, I'd return to being a flightless beetle scurying around on some small rock.Hopefully, some tweaks to the game will make the ground experience better, but at the moment I feel there are far better base building and pvp experiences out there on steam."
,Recommended,322780,34181491,Posted: 11 August,all,Jacobtest,"Nice game so far, does need improve meant on island/terrain loading. I have a gaming pc so when it comes to lag i never get it. But, you need to make a better system for loading parts of the world youre flying too. I always lag when i load a new area or an old area i havent loaded in a while."
,Recommended,322780,35479232,Posted: 4 October,all,Anubis,Internet was spazzing out. Though somehow i managed to build a ship. BUT THEN OUT OF NOWHERE TWO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S FLEW BY AND DESTROYED IT10/10 WOULD RAGEQUIT AGAIN
,Not Recommended,322780,33788608,Posted: 25 July,all,Ennyweeny,"The game has potential, lots of it. But as of right now; I will absolutely not reccommend buying this game.You'll have lots of framerate drops and freezes, and no, you're hardware doesn't matter. I'm running this on a GTX 1080.Now this is a survival game, which means that you gather resources. Okay, but whenever i come near a new unexplored island; The game will freeze up for a LONG time and when i get out of it, guess what? I've been magically thrown off of my ship and into ceirtan death. Which means that i have to start ALL OVER again. This happened several times.Community is garbage as well."
76561198367579444,Recommended,322780,35316839,Posted: 29 September,all,Mendi123,"10000/10000  best game i have ever played.  If you like adventure and hard core pvp then you will love this game.  If you do not like pvp and cant stand it.  this is not your game and never will enjoy it.  This game has so much potential and i can not wait for the future.  If you do buy the game and are just starting out, do not get mad when someone takes out your ship.  You can always rebuild and learn from your old ship.  This game is not for the weak minded. You will lose your ship and everything with it but thats part of the game.   Just have fun and explore."
76561198231782144,Recommended,322780,35481702,Posted: 4 October,all,masterofinfinity479,so far it crashes shortly after i start it and says my firefox profile can't be loaded
,Not Recommended,322780,35032351,Posted: 17 September,all,TheFranticFinn,"Wait until it's further in development, then check back.Suffering from countless issues and poor gameplay decisions, Worlds Adrift is a beautiful game with a lot of potential.But for now, it's incomplete, and honestly a mess.The game's 2 enemies are both obnoxious and unrewarding. You will fight hordes of them, all the time, and you get nothing interesting out of it. They will make travelling and harvesting resources into even more of a chore, and will stunlock you into oblivion and cost you resources and time.The game's tech progression is painfully slow and based entirely on RNG, with a very poor quality RNG system that will flood your treasure chests with schematics for stairs and railings, rather than anything that would help you navigate or survive better. Alternatively you can unlock random schematics of a certain tier through the knowledge system, which will be just as slow as the schematics you get as loot.The game also suffers from crippling lag issues, and you can expect to die due to glitches or lagspikes smashing you through your ship into the emptiness below, forcing you to lose any items you might've forgotten to stash away. The lag will also impact your enjoyment of the game in general.As an MMO, it also does include other players. If you enjoy not knowing whether players will be friendly or attempt to murder you and steal everything you have, then more power to you. But for solo players and players interested in exploration, it can be a significant downside. Needless to say, it also means you can't play it without an internet connection.Worlds Adrift has a lot of potential, and brings a lot of interesting stuff to the table.However, due to the numerous issues with the game, tediously slow progression, reliance on RNG, potential for griefing and harrassment, as well as other problems, the game is very clearly not in a presentable state. The game is also inherently more problematic and tedious for solo players.If you like sandbox games where you build a ship and explore, this is for sure a game to keep an eye on. But bringing a friend is recommended, since the game was clearly intended to be played that way.In short; Worlds Adrift is a shining example of potential, however I would recommend waiting and seeing whether the devs can fulfill on their extravegant ideas. In its current state, the game is simply too tedious and mind-numbingly unfair. It can be a real headache to play for everyone except the most cool-headed fanatics.Pros & Cons;+ Unique style and aesthetic+ Potentially limitless content in the future thanks to the island creator+ Satisfying and rewarding ship building system+ Having a grappling hook- Numerous gameplay bugs- Sub-par performance- Frustrating and unrewarding enemies- Slow progression- Lack of content- Dysfunctional user interface"
,Not Recommended,322780,32461535,Posted: 15 June,all,Magik,"Game is unplayable in it's current state. Base gameplay is fun and different, but HORRIBLE FPS/ constant lag/ EXTREMELY unbalanced PVP makes it extremely frustrating.WAIT TO BUY. It looks like it will be a great game when they finish balancing/ optimizing.*updated*With the patch released on 6/20 The framerate at least seems to be improved, have yet to come in contact with other ships/ players so more experience is needed to see how much of a difference it will make."
,Not Recommended,322780,32601758,Posted: 20 June,all,Coconutmunkee,"I purchased two keys (one for me, and another for a friend), and just refunded both.I spent two hours attempting to play, but the starter island (I guess that's what you start on?) was filled with players that are showing off their ships for internet ego. These massive ships caused the game to be completely unplayable, with my FPS dipping into the low 10's and occassionally completely locking up the client.Attempting to restart the game caused a continuous loading screen loop, greeted with a black screen. At one point, I went afk for half an hour.. came back to my screen shaking violently and could not get it to stop, so I restarted the client and could not get back into the game. I could hear my character's actions behind a black load screen.. for 15 - 20 minutes.This game's music, art style, and concept are all beautiful and incredible.. but I'm going to sit back and wait to see if they can clean it up a bit.Here are my specs:i7 6800k16gb ddr4GTX 1070SSD"
76561198019587551,Not Recommended,322780,31983794,Posted: 26 May,all,Heracy,"I should preface this by saying, I love this game. The concept, art style and vision for the game are all right up my alley.That being said, this game is absolutely not in a closed beta, or even beta state at all. This is much closer to a pre-alpha or early alpha version of the game. There's a ton of gamebreaking bugs, horrible render lag that makes the game nearly unplayable, as well as general physics issues, like randomly flying off of your ship and losing inventory due to the above.Honestly, the bugs are somewhat bearable, provided the render lag and fps drops get fixed.Secondly, the lack of servers and player cap on said servers. Only two server options, one US West and the other being EU West. The player cap on each of these servers seems to be around 1000 players, with the growing popularity of the game, this causes pretty lengthy queues for each server starting at around 12pm MST, with queues dying down around 11pm MST.All in all, the game has a great concept and most parts are executed really well, but for the time being, this game is very hard to get any real progress in. Between lag during pvp, physics bugs killing you and causing you to lose hours of gathering, poor optimization causing long (30 second) periods of the game locking up, and low server cap resulting in upwards of 90 minute queues, I cannot recommend this game at this time.That being said, I will update this review as the issues I have pointed out are looked at and dealt with."
,Not Recommended,322780,32630154,Posted: 21 June,all,MrPepperman,"It's a massive grind, almost all playersd are griefers that will go out of their way to destroy your stuff that you built 'just for fun'. I've put a good amount of time into this game, and froms what I can see:Pros:-You can build your own ship, however you like-Skill tree to upgrade your ship-Random tidbits of schematics all over the place, so its nice to explore aroundCons:-It is a constant grind-The travel between islands is BORING as all hell. No mini games, nothing.-The Griefers make the experience 10x worse then it actually is. As a solo game, it isnt bad. It's along the same lines as No Man Sky, but the multiplayer isnt even worth playing.-Yes, it is a beta, and yes it is buggy as all hell (You'll just fall off your ship if your not grappled to it, you'll get flung into yopur ship in a weird way that you instantly die, etc, etc. I could go on)So, my main take away: Don't get the game until it releases"
,Not Recommended,322780,33512723,Posted: 13 July,all,JakeImpregnator,"Boring, spent an hour of my life trying to gain knowledge in order to build a aircraft.Couldn't find enough new items to gain knowledge about... Died multiple times... A little clunky and performance weren't very good.Nice idea, good recourse collecting, good physics.Other than that, not enough to keep me interested.Refund please :)"
76561198010551215,Not Recommended,322780,34519970,Posted: 26 August,all,Scrapper,I really had great expections for this game.  I had many friends tell me how great this game is.  My experience is that this game is poorly administrated.  People that play greif and exploit lag on a regular basis.  PvP is next to impossible when your get your entire machine locked up and not responding for several seconds to sometimes minutes.  I would not recommend this game in its current state to anyone.  So sad...
76561198019699945,Not Recommended,322780,35148215,Posted: 23 September,all,DINGO,"Dont waste your money.For these devs to charge what they are for a simple flight and grapple mechanic is crazy. What happened to the days when an early acess actually had some content worth playing.I have spent the last three days flying around without a soul on the server and its not like there is alot of servers, there is like 2 to 4 servers.The ships must be built so small becouse after 3 days of searching endless islands, i could not find one atles upgrade to increase weight on my ship.At this point the game should be 10 USD at the most.I am writting this review as i have gone over my point for refund and just wanted to warn others....."
76561198234496036,Recommended,322780,32011664,Posted: 27 May,all,Swoll_Cole,best game ever once they fix fps lag
,Recommended,322780,35413400,Posted: 2 October,all,TradeWindOP,If you read everyone elses posts and feel like this is all about pirates and killing each other...it's not. Please don't get the wrong impression. HOWEVER while I say that BE WARNED you will be attacked at one point there are alliances of people and groups of pirates that travel around looking for vulnerable people. This game is wonderful and its casual but it is not calm. This game has alot to offer if you can get around the pvp aspect. It can be buggy but BOSSA is quickly working on fixes for everything and taking feedback from everyone. Something to keep in mind...It is EARLY ACCESS. Understand what can happen and what you should expect when it comes to any EA game. All in all I find myself constantly coming back to this game even when I get shot down by *********.
,Not Recommended,322780,32975507,Posted: 28 June,all,Zinneea,"This game was kind of infuriating. I would probably recommend it if it weren't for how annoying it can be.The game doesn't have a tutorial yet and is kind of confusing at first. It took me two hours to finally get a working ship (and as a side note, don't build your ship under a spawn building or you'll probably destroy it trying to take off).In addition, other players can show up and kill you while you are trying to make a ship and they can steal all of your items. I got lucky and killed the guy who tried to kill me, but I would have been exxtremely annoyed if everything I had worked towards for an hour was gone.TLDR: I would probably like the game a whole lot more if there was a tutorial and if I had the option to play on a PVP server or not."
,Not Recommended,322780,32724599,Posted: 24 June,all,Derzuel,"This game is currently in Beta, not early release. In other words it is missing features, lacks any semblance of balance, has lots of bugs, and is horribly optimized for performance. It lags, it freezes, and♥♥♥♥♥♥happens for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason. If you cannot except that what you're getting into, then you have no business getting into this game in its current state. My negative review is mostly a reflection of the fact that it's just not ready for the masses yet, nothing more, and nothing less."
76561197971662619,Not Recommended,322780,32719856,Posted: 24 June,all,Skubidus,"The PvP system implemented in this game so far is absolutetly garbage. It opens the gate for trolls and griefers. There are groups forming which claim huge parts of the map for themselves and if you don't pay them, they WILL ruin your life. There is no option (and no plan) to implement some kind of protection (PvE mode / flag).The ship building and exploring stuff is all great but the griefers in this game are going to ruin the experience for you - don't even bother to get this game."
76561198036023167,Recommended,322780,35285992,Posted: 29 September,all,Bear312,"Alright, let me start by saying this. The game is in Beta. So this review will strictly be a Beta review and i will revise this review when the game is officially out of Beta and fully released.Now we have that out of the way let's begin the review.The overall game is fun, the beginning moments when you spawn into the world are amazin. Exploring the whole island inside out and gathering resources for your very first ship you can call your own.My ship was a simple platform with a helm, skycore and a sail. I forgot the reviver first time and i was ready to set course to the next island. On the way there i accidently fell off my platform and died.That’s when i discovered the personal revivers, i builded one on my second ship which was exactly the same as my first ship which was now floating away into the abyss.Set course to the island i initially wanted to go and fell off again. That's when i discovered i hadn’t registered myself to my reviver and had to start over again. 3rd ship now and everything worked out, got to the island i wanted to go and found a assembly station which had a tier 4 engine in it. I rebuilded my ship and fitted the engine on it.I discovered i needed to power the engine but hadn’t discovered the power generator yet, so i explored some more and builded out the knowledge tree. Then i wanted to  pass through the windwall and failed horribly.Many discovery’s later and i really got the hang of the game, passed my first windwall and met some other players on the other side. We started a crew and i occasionally meet them in the world and we fly together.I am now in my 3rd remnant zone, passed a storm wall, which was a amazing experience and i am now preparing to pass a sandwall but i have heard it is very very hard as a solo player.==========================BUT, because this is a Beta there are a few things i want to address. My pc has the following specs:- Ryzen 7 1700 @ 3.9Ghz.- GTX 1080 Strix Overclocked.- 16GB Ram 3200Mhz.When approaching an island major lag spikes can pop up (Game runs smooth 60+fps for the rest) and kill you if you aren’t careful. I lost 2 ships that way and almost lost a 3rd one because of disconnection issues. The game has the occasional crash or disconnect. It's not a perfect game.I also had the occasional bug where i couldn’t access my shipyard even though i registered my ship to it. Needed to build another shipyard close to it to solve it.The game functions fine for the rest and the physics are amazing. Later on you discover “Atlas Lifters” which you can attach to ship parts you find on a island so you can move it to the place your ship is dogged.There is a simple life cycle with the AI mobs where the Manta’s eat the roaming bugs on the islands and it is awesome to see a Manta dive down onto a bug and start killing it, and then you kill the Manta.There are still many things i have to do in the game and i have to reach the “Badlands” one day to see what i can discover there and maybe even PVP with some players. (I haven’t seen a single soul in the Remnants yet.Most players i have met in the game were friendly apart from a person who blew up his own ship when he was trying to shoot me and another player shot me to death while i was discovering a island.I try to help as many people as i can in the game just like the person who i met when i was playing, he helped me with the basics and we builded a awesome ship together for me.I haven’t touched down on all the schematics you can find but there are a lot, I haven’t found the Glider yet but i am still searching for it, you can upgrade your “Atlas Core” to be able to make bigger and heavier ships, you can build your ship literally as you want with a design editor on the shipyard, and every island you see is made by players, every island has its own story and they all are very diverse and different from previous islands you have been to.1 island may have a complicated cave system where you can get a lot of knowledge and loot, another one may have a big castle build on top of it, another one may be many small islands where you can grapple and swing all you want, another one may have that material you need to repair parts of your ship.======================This has been a very long review (My longest) and i will end it here. The game is not perfect and may be sometimes a little boring when playing on your own but the game overall is amazing in my opinion. And i can strongly recommend this game to anyone. The developers were very helpful when i had a problem with launching the game and to see what they have planned for the game it all sound very good.I give this game a 7.5/10, that may seem a little low, but in my mind that is a very high score. The occasional bugs keep it from going higher but i overall really really enjoy this game!"
76561198025473290,Recommended,322780,33052955,Posted: 30 June,all,snow Limit V,"Fun game with a nice style. Unique, especially amongst MMOs"
,Recommended,322780,33461417,Posted: 11 July,all,Mysterious_Seven,I see you have a ship that hasn't been beaten senseless yet. Let me dock it for you and rip off that pesky respawner and take it for a joyride.*Manaical Cackling*10/10 Would crash peoples spirit projects again.
,Recommended,322780,31944799,Posted: 24 May,all,Merci - Gent,-My first thoughts of the game-Good Things-Great Concept-Grappling Guns-Nice Players - So Far-Something New And Different!!!!!Bad Things-Laggy in populated areas-The warmup time for salvage gun-Still buggy in some instances8.5 Out of 10Would Reccomend to a Friend
76561198043042199,Recommended,322780,32089214,Posted: 31 May,all,The Day Man,"I am so mixed when writing this. I would love to tell you it's a must. But, honestly I think this game may miss the mark..Holy cow is it fun and exciting though. When it comes down to it there is NOTHING like make your first ship, grappling through the skies, and the freedom of knowing anyone could be a friend or foe... the game is exciting and smart enough to reward risk without punishing you too hard. Death is done really well in this game and you can quickly learn who is friendly and who isn't.I worry though that the game will become boring... other than exploring and making your ship what will there be? It would be so amazing if there was SOMETHING out there. Some kind of rare opportunity to find and collect valuable resources. I worry this game will run dry. I haven't experience yet, but I feel it coming.This game is so cleverly made and it is designed to be fun and enjoyable for the player. So many games today are just designed to be eye candy and are lacking DEEPLY in the creativity and experience.This game will give you an experience and will be fun. I'd say reward this developer with your support and let's hope they'll be clever and find a way to keep us interested in this game"
,Recommended,322780,32263075,Posted: 8 June,all,Ｓｐｏｏｋ,"Tried to kill the final boss, but my max tier cannon(power 97, overheat 80, capacity 120) didn't do anything to the storm wall. 3/10"
76561198097986461,Recommended,322780,32139044,Posted: 2 June,all,123,"Good GameMe and my Crew enjoy playing this game,"
76561198046284473,Recommended,322780,32119557,Posted: 1 June,all,That Van Boch™ [sпарта],I just played solo cause Im waiting for friends to get the game but I love it even solo. I had so much fun in so little time I really love the game and the people are nice too some tried to kill me some stole from me but I met a lot of cool people that helped me out!As far as I can tell these are the best store videos and screenshot that I saw just look at them if you like what you see go buy it when its out. For real dont hesitate.
,Recommended,322780,34722308,Posted: 3 September,all,FTWHD,Great game its awesome that they took cheating extremely seriouslyhttp://store.steampowered.com/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/2709332890274032065this game has amazing potential!Well worth my money and still interest in playing when the game has its full release
76561198349344451,Not Recommended,322780,34749519,Posted: 4 September,all,patrickrandall1981,I Have played many crafting games and none is more furstrating and poorly implemented then this one. The building system is clunky and innaccurate. and once you do get a ship built the only goal is to pass a either a wind wall or a storm wall or a sand wall each requiring different levels of quality of ship. the only probelm is getting through any of them the game doesnt direct you any way shape or form on how to do anything. theres no map system or waypoint indicators so losing your the spot you were builing on is common. flying is clunky and laggy. Ive spent way too much time on this game then its worth its just simply frustrating and not fun it actually makes me angry which is the opposite of what a game should do.
76561198157099610,Recommended,322780,34877663,Posted: 10 September,all,Prof_Griz,"This game is amazing, even in its beta stages.  Worlds Adrift is like what No Man's Sky should have been. There is an enthusiastic and awesome community behind this game, which will make sure that the game will be successful for years to come. I cant wait to play the final game. A word of advice, don't waste knowledge points on early schematics. :)"
,Not Recommended,322780,33577060,Posted: 15 July,all,Haplo164,"The game by its self is actually pretty good, but most of the other players that I run into are only interested in shooting everyone near by. Its a combination of ""people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥."" and ""The game provides no reason to behave otherwise"".Perhaps after its further along."
76561198131589027,Recommended,322780,32597534,Posted: 20 June,all,DarkestLegends,Great Game!
,Recommended,322780,34927104,Posted: 13 September,all,Ｃ Ｏ Ｒ Ｐ Ｓ Ｅ,"hey hey it's fun but lacking in content, so just be nice and patient and don't go complaining about it in a review or something."
,Not Recommended,322780,35141394,Posted: 22 September,all,Aeos,"This game might look like it could be fun but in the end you'll just die repeatedly due to stupid physics bugs, lag, or some other bull♥♥♥♥♥♥way right after you mine out an entire Island. Your bag will fall out of reach (to the bottom of the world) and you'll be stuck on some Island until the resources respawn."
,Not Recommended,322780,35016068,Posted: 16 September,all,Pepperstache,"It has great potential, but it'll only be worth the steep learning curve after the developers make the apparently-hard choice of protecting new players from ganking while they learn the game."
,Recommended,322780,31987230,Posted: 26 May,all,Petroph,"Spend 2 hours getting a ship ready to go past the wind wall. 40 mins to get across the wall thanks to the snails pace lag in the starter area. Get past first windwall by dying because ship is too slow and gets pushed down do the bottom storm zone (4 engines, 2 wings on Dingy). Wait for ship to fly across windwall without me. Respawn on ship. Land and dock on deserted island with shipyard. Scope it out for knowledge. Get jumped by some random guy. Shot dead in 3 shots. Respawn and see guy approaching ship. I attempt to get on helm. Unable to because ""Not registered with ship yard"". I attempt to remove helm quickly. Unable to because ""I can't place here"", or anywhere. Friend comes to my aid with his ship. Friend kills enemy. I attempt to relog to fix issue. Que 280+. Friends game gets connection error. Both ships lost forever thanks for 20 hour que time.10/10 would waste my time some more ......"
76561198039645449,Recommended,322780,31943635,Posted: 24 May,all,Fives,-Create character.-Spawn.-Figure out how to do♥♥♥♥♥♥and not die because of fall damage.-Spen the first hour building a ship.-Sail to another island.-meet person who want to help you.-Become friends with person.-when you're on your way to the next island tell the person to register to the personal reviver.-See person fall into the abyss while trying to get onto the lower deck.10/10 would get accidentily send friends to death again again.
76561198324387374,Recommended,322780,31945263,Posted: 24 May,all,CHangWOlf,"Only have played a little and haven't really got to experience the whole game itself yet, but I can say already, that's it's gonna be one hell of an experience"
,Recommended,322780,31958115,Posted: 25 May,all,zandibriggs,"I would encourage anyone with a group of friend s to play this. Soloist require more skills than a group. The PVP has more to do with your server population, than the game.If You like Building things, spiderman and chillin in game with friends. This one is for you."
,Recommended,322780,32111671,Posted: 1 June,all,🅻🅾🅻🅸🅲🅾🅽 🅷🅴🆁🅾,"game is glitchy as balls, don't buy it unless you hate yourself and have friends that will play it with you"
,Recommended,322780,32114254,Posted: 1 June,all,♥P3R35AN5,Spawn->Kill a guy-> build my first ship with everything that guy had.10/10.
,Recommended,322780,32730305,Posted: 24 June,all,☠GθNZzZ0ŦHΞϟϟคm∩ЯÅI,great game but the unlimited loading screen killed it for me cant play :(
,Recommended,322780,32205083,Posted: 5 June,all,billy,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiqBt372ESk
,Recommended,322780,33392382,Posted: 8 July,all,Andel,Besides the lag the game is really fun 10/10 would be launched off my ship from the lag
76561197970699949,Recommended,322780,32948117,Posted: 28 June,all,Friendly,"this is a strange game. it feels just like playing no mans sky, flying around rock to rock picking up knowlidge. but the addition of multiplayer , being able to float around on a multi crew ship doing this with your friends makes it much more fun than NMS.There is PVP but it is mostly pointless due to a non drop ""toolbelt"" section of the inventory.  people keep anything valuable/useful hidden away in there so you have no chance to ever get it. the only reason to kill someone is to slow them down while they look for the treasure boxes that contain the schematics but once you have all of the schematics learned there really is just no reason to ever shoot another person.but ... sometimes you will meet people that just want to blow up your ship and steal your parts.. last time this happened i just took my ship to the bottom until i hit the death plane and killed us all the ship was totally unrecoverable but they didnt get anything from it so i look at that as a win.There isn't really a penalty for dying or even for losing your ship,  you just have to build another one which imo is one of the most fun parts of the game anyway. i am quite happy to keep throwing myself at the death plane to stop people profiting from being a*sholes.tldr - if you didnt like nms this isnt for you. pvp is present but pointless.Update : after roughtly 92 hours played my group has finally made it into a tier 4 region. there are goodies aplenty however there are a lot of bored players that have got all the knowlidge boxes and good schematics. these players get their entertainment from greifing everyone and destroying everything in sight. until they implement some sort of actual endgame there is no point mining/ building a good ship in tier 4. if it wont fit on your belt you wont be able to keep it for more than a few hours. it is still a fun game. but in t4 i would stick with disposable junk boats . if you build something nice someone will make a point out of destroying it."
,Not Recommended,322780,33614914,Posted: 17 July,all,zerknaller,where are my fps? dont buy at the moment!!!
,Recommended,322780,32922351,Posted: 28 June,all,Cocoduds,"I bought the Captian pack for this game, and it was well worth it.Things I like about the game:1. The grapling hook - who doesn't love a grapling hook.2. Ship building - easily the best part of the game.3. Exploration - The islands are so beautiful, and they are made by players.4. The community - check out the discord and see for yourself:https://discord.gg/fSxDUjsThings I don't like:1. Griefers - they can be a pain, but they are generally avoided if you play in a group2. The TSAIf you do get the game, join our alliancehttps://www.worldsadrift.com/alliances/wander/"
76561198004130242,Recommended,322780,32929766,Posted: 28 June,all,Atreties,"If you can handle the lag and the mild bugginess that comes with it, and you can handle high risk, high reward PvP, and you have a buddy or a group you can play with, I HIGHLY reccomend this game.Some of the most fun multiplayer gaming experiences I've ever had."
,Recommended,322780,32895672,Posted: 27 June,all,Ziji,"A very stylish, freeform exploration game with some frustrating RPG elements that ultimately leads to a very satisfying experience."
76561198188630434,Recommended,322780,32784632,Posted: 25 June,all,Thrumpkins,I love everything about this game exccept the greifers everything else is amazing!
76561198116735891,Recommended,322780,34025656,Posted: 4 August,all,ButtMunch,"game is pretty cool, only just got it but ive seen and hurd good things about the game"
,Recommended,322780,32001776,Posted: 27 May,all,zx7,art
,Recommended,322780,32002337,Posted: 27 May,all,LastKaze,Adventurous
76561198050746410,Recommended,322780,33875687,Posted: 29 July,all,Tiberius.Batiatus,"I played this game now for a while about 12 hours and i thinkwe´re  on to something big here. This game has potential but its a bit messed up.you spawn on a random starter island ( disigned by a gamer not a developer )and start gethering resouces like wood iron and other stuff,after that you make a ""ship Yard"" and YOU can select the material its made off .You start building a ship but need to think what you doing because the ATLAS Corecan lift about 1000 Kg .So be carefull wich meterial you use ever resource has his weight (hint : DONT USE LEAD).And now you can discover the scaterd world,find awsome island,old♥♥♥♥♥building ,and even PLAYERS( +1 for this game better than NO Man Buy ehhm.... Sky)But... ye there bugs and so many of them i died about 10 time by a heartattack or something  or by a tree (he crushed me severel times ).Result:Try it if you like a good looking world make youre own skyship and exploring island this game gets a 6/10TOO MANY BUGS REPAIR IT NOOOOOW!!! and i want my hat back"
76561198110683205,Recommended,322780,31955261,Posted: 25 May,all,Spookems,"Very promising, wait times need improvements however."
,Recommended,322780,32119174,Posted: 1 June,all,caveman1018,very good game
76561198310084322,Recommended,322780,31955477,Posted: 25 May,all,banetrapperdev,"This is what No Mans Sky was supposed to be.Played for 11 hours str8.Still many game breaking bugs, but give time to developers, they working on it.Other then that, 8/10. bacause:Rope swininged from a tall tree, high intro air, to hook ontro a passing ship and plunder it 10/10 would be pirate again.Would spend 60$/eur aniday."
,Recommended,322780,31956411,Posted: 25 May,all,stefanos,<3
,Recommended,322780,31948655,Posted: 25 May,all,Max Verstappen,"the game is kinda lagy atm (Runing the game in 1280 x 720) works better for most islandsgame gets way better after you play it for 30 hours  , there is much more to it then just flying and killing ,  there is also RNG based Loot and blueprintsBig Warning , There might be Hacks out for this game seehttps://gaming.youtube.com/watch?v=pml9pnckwSUabout 21 min in to the stream it all starts"
76561198142246735,Recommended,322780,33674061,Posted: 20 July,all,Sir Napkin,"This game is very fun. But there isnt much to do after a short while. This game isnt even avalable for most of you, so i understand the lack of content. Make sure your computer can run this because the fps (even on my beast of a computer) can dip sometimes. I know theyll add more and more content, and when they do this game will be among my favorites."
,Recommended,322780,33670341,Posted: 20 July,all,Dalian✞,"I've spent a good 34 hours or so on it within the last two weeks which is more like within the last 4 days. I got it and became addicted to it for a number of reasons; the graphics are soothing, the music is nice, the grappling hook gives a great sense of fun, and occasionally almost falling off islands gives me a bit of a heart attack which is always fun with games you need a thrill.I've started off on a small island, gathered resources, built a sailing ship, visited islands in my quadrant, and learned some blueprints, I've stolen players ships and got into epic gun fights while grappling ship to ship. I've gotten into high speed spider man chases around full islands, and even on stolen ships when sky pirating.I've braved the wind walls and storm walls. HOWEVER. There are some major glitches which I hear the devs will be focusing on only game breaking issues before adding content which is super good.#1. Grappling while falling can occasionally lose the rope kiling your player for a fall to the death.#2. There's no snapping when placing pannels onto ships making it look goofy and causing there to be holes in your ship if you don't make another pannel to patch it.#3. Some walls regardless of how much power you have wind up pushing you into a different type of wall causing issues IE: I went into a sandwall prepared for sand, I was thrown into a storm wall and then into the sand wall again causing me to take massive amounts of damage when I didn't need to.#4. Even if you're crewed up if you don't have a respawner on your crew members ship you don't have the ability to really do anything at a good speed.#5. Crew members can't be promoted or changed, and of course the logical thing you can't travel to them if they are outside of T2 areasto prevent shenanigans like boosting.#6. The amount of resources you get per tree is mediocre in comparison to how much you need to build ships, but it is not a big enough problem to really warrant complaints due to the fact that you can just gather multiple trees.#7. There is no damage boost for weapons it takes well over 10~20 shots to kill AI monsters which gets really really annoying when you have 5-6 manta ray chasing you or 3-6 bugs hating you for cutting their trees down. The damage scaling against AI should be a little higher.#8. There's no end to how many chests a player can place on islands, I believe they should have a timer when not in use for a good 10~20 minutes they should be auto cleaned up, but they are not leaving campfires and chests flooded EVERYWHERE with no real use to them.#9 the number of assemblers a shipyard should be allowed is 2-3 at most, I've seen areas littered with them.#10 occasionally character wont run, or the ability to continue editing your ship will make you rage beuacse you either have to relog or move your ship out and back in.#11 The game ""does not respond"" a good 40% of the time when flying especially true inside of storm walls / sand walls which is irritating because if you're trying ot refuel or repair your character goes flying off your ship and you die. The amount of non-response times is absurd and is probably one of the biggest prorities.Now all of that said, I've had a blast playing this, I've raged hardcore playing this, and I've built a total of over 20 ships within 4 days of having the game. I'm fairly certain if you love airships that look like boats like in Final Fantasy for example or other fantasy style shows/games that are similar, if you love grappling to things like you're spider man, or pretending you're a sky pirate and attacking another player while you steal their ship to salvage or keep it, you definitely want this game. More fun with friends, relaxing alone.However one major issue I have is the fact that players will build their way to max tier blueprints and go back to the lowest of level areas and kill new players causing them to rage and quit thinking the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥which ruins every gaming community. Honestly if you're on of those people you should be banned for griefing I know it's a full feature as that attributes to open world PVP, but come on don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag it's super early access, and if we lose players now it's going to be hard to gain the following later. I know there was issues before where players could just shoot engines and such out with pistols, which has improved but still don't kill other players / rob their ships in low tier if you're basically done with the game that's a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥move and no one likes you just saying."
76561198094939282,Recommended,322780,33664638,Posted: 19 July,all,Aetho,"its kinda buggy, but thats expected, otherwise AMAZING"
76561198026997061,Recommended,322780,33701715,Posted: 21 July,all,Jasin,"First let me say that I'm kinda a fan boy of this game so haha. I'll keep it simple. I have been played this game for 20 hours so far and I'm having a BLAST! If you have ever seen Last Exile and wanted to live in that world, or if you have played FInal Fantasy just so you can fly airships, then this game is for you. If not, you may not like it in it's current state.Pros:Grapple hooks! I love trying to master this aspect of game play. It's can be a bit of a rush.Skyships! You get to build and customize your own. I kinda wish the building process was more like gary's, mod but hey it is more ""realistic"" the way it is now.Exploring and Knowledge! I love how this game encourges exploration. You gain knowledge from various items in game and use that to upgrade your schematics. Also, nothing is cooler than finding a new badass ship schematic! Who doesn't like finding treasure?Storm walls! They are a great challenge and aspect of game-play. Yes you can watch youtube vids on how to get through them, but I actually enjoy the trial and error and sense of accomplishment of  doing it on my own.Cons:Playing alone may not be as fun. I think that having some dedicated friends to help and socialize with makes this game FAR better. ""I dare you to jump off the ship and see if you can grapple that island w/o dying""There are glitches that kill you, but hey, it's in Beta. And early access. If these do not get fixed however, they will be a problem and super annoying.The game needs more! I personally love the game so far and can see myself enjoying it for a long time to come in it's current state. However I know there will be a time when I get as far as I can and have conquered all the challenges of the game in it's current state. When/if that time happens I will get bored, pirating anyone? IF there is nothing for accomplished players to do, they will probaly just start to kill each other and noobs, fun I know, but that even gets old pretty quick. I'm hoping that the devs have this idea in mind and keep new content coming. But hey, it is early access and beta soooo"
76561197970571292,Recommended,322780,31970598,Posted: 26 May,all,Nordvind,"Had no problem at all with this game. Had some minor lagspikes now and then on huge islands but no gamebreaking ones.If you love sandboxes,flying ships,exploration and crafting this game is a must buy! I would easily recommend this game even if it´s in EA. This is not a bug free game so have that in mind,also remember that we support the development of this game."
,Recommended,322780,31972563,Posted: 26 May,all,EpicFrog,"Love the game, if you dont like to get shot by players dont play it, its a pirate game ppl are going to fk you over and it should be like that.few things that need a fix.Lagg when on the ship ( because you fly off the ship if the spike is to hard and you will die )Item Splitting"
76561198052968016,Recommended,322780,32008385,Posted: 27 May,all,Looking For Asian Wife,If u like flying around like your neighborhood spiderman and flying around like space pirates 19/10 would give a go
76561198332777158,Recommended,322780,34349182,Posted: 19 August,all,XXXRAMPAGEXXX,its good
76561198082020085,Recommended,322780,33895154,Posted: 29 July,all,Kingin',Fix the ♥♥♥♥ING buggy♥♥♥♥♥game ruining mantas or take them out of the ♥♥♥♥ING game.
76561198043929291,Recommended,322780,33555442,Posted: 15 July,all,Pickle Rick,Haha people who play this game are roleplaying nerds who don't like pvp. The best part of this game is the pvp/griefing. People get so angry when you break their ship and it plunges into the abyss lol.
,Recommended,322780,33615431,Posted: 17 July,all,Murica,If you've played ARK or read lord of the flies you'll be ready for this and skip past all the people that die once and leave a bad review. This is the most fun I've ever had. puss puss need not apply.
76561198277338632,Recommended,322780,34551575,Posted: 28 August,all,CornOnTheCob,"great game cant wait for more updates,only problems are finding the core upgrade partshighly recommend"
76561198035839412,Recommended,322780,34567256,Posted: 28 August,all,X7,"This game is unlike any other I have played. Sailing ships designed by the players across the sky between floating islands in search of lost knowledge and materials. While there is a chance of running into some piratical minded players, most are friendly and cooperative. This one is a dangerous time consumer."
,Recommended,322780,32142216,Posted: 2 June,all,Les Battersby,What the hell is this awesome piece of game?!
76561198118746701,Recommended,322780,34994629,Posted: 16 September,all,CristianVlad2013 [I.S.],Best Game Ever !
,Recommended,322780,33875401,Posted: 29 July,all,߷TheSpoi߷,"Really good♥♥♥♥ around alot n sheetFew bugs but it its in early access so i like it(when its on sale get it!)EDIT: I forgot to add there is one or two cons,they havent made a lock mechanic yet and there are preformance issues.So it is a beta just give the devs time cause these are the 1st devs i see actually doing something with a game unlike other people who make a beta in 2013 and never finished*AHEM* DAYZ *AHEM*"
,Recommended,322780,31945554,Posted: 24 May,all,GioHula,Spider-Man: The MMO
,Recommended,322780,33570844,Posted: 15 July,all,Aaronix,"Worlds Adrift has great gameplay, some really fun features (Grappling hook, climbing, etc.) and it looks beautiful. However, the game runs poorly. Here are some things you might want to know about before you buy;- The game is in early access: There will be a lot of glitches and the physics are kind of messed up. The developers are trying to fix it.- Game freezing: Very often when flying a ship, your game will freeze. When your game unfreezes, your ship will move the same amout however no buttons you pressed while your game was frozen affects anything, so you probably just flew over the island you were trying to get to and have to turn around now. If you weren't at the controls, sorry, but you just got launched miles away from your ship with no hope of getting back on it.- Annoying community: 90% of people are griefers that only want to ruin the game for you.- Lack of content: The game forces you to spend hours, or maybe even days wandering around the same area looking for materials and knowledge to build a ship in order to progress to the next area.- Loading screen glitch: 75% of times you connect to the server, your screen will be completely taken up by a loading screen. In order to fix it, you must kill yourself. This means if you crashed while hanging off the edge of something, you're going to lose all of your items that aren't in your belt.The developers are working on fixing these, though. I'm sure once it's out of early access, it'll be an even greater game."
,Recommended,322780,32397532,Posted: 13 June,all,WarFalcon,Highly addictive game. This game has some potential to be very fun in the end game. I really cannot stand all these reviews where they get bad reviews because of bugs. THIS IS BETA. If it was Alpha people would still complain about the bugs. Do yourself a favor and over look any negative reviews that speak on bugs.
76561197984817065,Not Recommended,322780,32033530,Posted: 28 May,all,FellGhost,"I like this game. The crafting and exploration is fun and addicting. However, with no plans on adding PVE servers or any protection from other players I would stay away.When you first start you are met with players who take joy in killing you for no reason. If you are lucky enough to get away and build a ship you are met with players who will destroy your ship just to destroy it.  I have been to many different zones and have yet to come across one where I wasnt forced to rebuild from scratch. This game is basically Rust with ships."
,Not Recommended,322780,31945877,Posted: 24 May,all,Jethroboom,"This game is nowhere near beta quality and polish.  Yes it is early access, yes I know what I get with that.  This game is on par with a promising alpha.  After waiting over an hour to get into the game (not a problem, it's day 1 and in beta), I was immediately, and repeatedly met with spawn campers in a very uncontrolled newbie area.  Persisting, because without a challenge (albeit griefers in this case) what's the point in playing anything, I kept pushing forward.  Deciding on a new spawn point after the nth griefer encounter I selected a random spawn.  Then the glitches and the glaring holes in what is an anecdote for the quality of games being released today shone brightly.  When it became clear the game would not recover on it's own I chose to exit, only that didn't work either.  After a task manager close, relaunch, and reentry into the very long queue, I figured my time better to write this review.  Honestly hoping I can revisit this title in the future and it be what it was intended, but for now it is a far cry from what I hope is the developers minimum expectations."
76561198069667321,Not Recommended,322780,32114973,Posted: 1 June,all,snugglyjr,"Without any type of guidance on how to play the game, I figured I'd just walk around and see what there was. Then I come across three other players who kill me for no reason. Turn around and anything you left behind will be taken. Not much fun when other players don't allow you to even begin to enjoy the game."
76561198002992757,Recommended,322780,32591588,Posted: 20 June,all,Sawis,"I went afk for ten seconds and some dude who's name I won't say, hangs with grappling hook attached to my ship and shoots my engines off and then the rest...my bad, I was stupid and karma happened. I am waiting to get even some day. Thanks to game recording programs I got a split second to get his name.8/10 at the moment but eventually perhaps even 10/10?"
,Recommended,322780,35287009,Posted: 29 September,all,CoraTora,"If you cannot handle loss and PVP this isn't the game for you. If you can and don't mind some slow moments and exploration (as well as a healthy dose of early beta bugs and performance hog issues) then the experience is quite sublime.This is the closest I will ever get to Rust, Eve, Nausicaa/Lauputa, and team based navel style combat all having a wonderful baby. If you keep looking at the screenshots and wondering if you will like it, maybe poke at the free level editor to get a feel for some of the neat assets and possibilities in the game."
76561198067169881,Not Recommended,322780,34296871,Posted: 16 August,all,MistaDvD,"Don't waste your money on this game, it's laggy, lack of content, grindy with little reward, and the patches don't seem to make anything better."
,Recommended,322780,33486691,Posted: 12 July,all,DfraV2,Definetly worth the buy.
,Not Recommended,322780,34788523,Posted: 6 September,all,McHigh,"all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that play this game are honestly ruining it. the game literally advertises that you will encounter pvp and its your job to stay flying. if u cant handle getting outplayed just to come to the forums and ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about losing your ship when its part of the game, just leave. there would not be guns and cannons if there wasnt supposed to be pvp. now they adding all these pvp nerfs to satisfy the carebears meanwhile us pirates/pvp players are stuck here getting shafted patch after patch.  smh bye worlds adrift."
,Not Recommended,322780,34263116,Posted: 15 August,all,jacques,"IHopefully the game will be more playable when the final release comes out. As of now, it is unfinished, a tad overpriced and very underwhelming. Buy it when it comes out- just so you can play an actual finished game"
,Not Recommended,322780,34718459,Posted: 3 September,all,BeeSkee,"Until they add a solo mode or private server mode like Elite, I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,322780,35034815,Posted: 17 September,all,MesuuuT,i wish i could travel to the past and warn myself to NOT spent my money for this game...-laggy-complex-no guides-broken physics (die by falling from 10cm or model just lose control and all body parts swing around)this game was so overhyped!
,Recommended,322780,32993033,Posted: 29 June,all,Mordgier,The last patch fixed the glaring griefing issues by nerfing pistols to 0 dmg vs ships and timed explosive damage significantly reduced.Now to sink a ship one has to shoot cannons rather than suicide bombing with gliders.In short - this is a really fun game with developers who are busy making the game better.
,Recommended,322780,34025248,Posted: 4 August,all,Ozi Darklighter,"Great game now, with the potential to be amazing!  Do you like PVP?  Do you like games where you have to risk everything, and are rewarded with everything when you destroy someone?  Do you like advanced ship building?  Then this is the game for you!  Most of the negative reviews are crying about PVP, because they haven't put in the time to learn the game and get good.  The concerns about lag are real, but this game is more than playable now and the devs are regularly working on it and communicating with the community."
76561198123475157,Not Recommended,322780,34335156,Posted: 18 August,all,WaterIsBad,"this is a total waste of money heres a list why:1. even the so called ""fast"" graphics makes my new 1000 euro computer lag even tho my computer easily handels just cause 3 on medium graphics2. weird physics u die of evrything that hits you even if u mine a rock and a part of its hits u ur dead.3. hard to find friends nearly no tutorial and doesnt support 4k or even hd only low resolutions4. overall just hard to not click out of the game by accident if u use grapple hook and i only played this for like an hour!5.as fast as i got it the servers went dow nso i had t owait for like 2 hours for nothing6. developers t olazy t omake their own maps so they just said ♥♥♥♥ it u make the maps!so ill rate this 4/10 would never buy this after i saw how porly its made tho i like the grapple hook"
76561198090268639,Recommended,322780,32772169,Posted: 25 June,all,Chicken Knight,skyrim with guns
76561198168433851,Recommended,322780,32811061,Posted: 26 June,all,[DT] Robingraves,"I Love playing this game. so what if it has some early access bugs/glitches, its downright fun. My advice to those of you who want to buy it is this;-Do It!-Dont listen to the naysayers, they are just a bunch of elitists pampered by AAA games-Check the games website and twitter & discord for beta key sales/times, they give a 72 hour notice before they go on sale-Early access will have glitches, be patient. (honestly, bugs/glitches have been rare for me)-dont lose hope if you dont manage to get ahold of a beta key this next go round, there will be more.As i said up top, this is a great game, whether your exploring an island or trying to decide what the best design is to get through a wind/sand wall etc. hours of creative and exploring fun.10/10 ill be here till the end.~RG~"
,Recommended,322780,33104068,Posted: 1 July,all,Spark,"Im going to start off by saying, this game is GREAT! This game has so much content to offer; PvP, Survival, Adventure, Multiplayer and ect. The multiplayer system is well built, with different regions to keep newbies with newbies, and veterens with veterens. They have done this with the progresion gate system (the walls). The game doesn't guide you through the game at all, this means you have to test, experiment and ask other players for tips and tricks on how to progress. Other players are always a suprise, they can be really friendly and give you blue prints for free or they could be aggresive and steal or even destroy your hard earned ship and loot. The devs are constantly releasing updates and are always responding to complaints and the forums.There is only one downside to this game, the freezes. The game doesn't always freeze and it seems to run perfectly on islands. But, it always seems to freeze while flying around in your ship. This can be devastating if you have all the loot on you and then you get frozen off the ship and fall to your death. There are simple fixes to this, like being stationed in a helm or turret, but this shouldn't be required to fly around as a crew.Overall, I would recomend this game, It offers a lot of content, adventure and fun. I would suggest being wise with your money as it is quite expensive for an early access game, look into it more and watch gameplay from different content creators as they all offer unique views on the game. Worth a buy!"
76561198040914117,Recommended,322780,33052581,Posted: 30 June,all,Schmeckles,With friends 10/10By yourself 6/10Get a crew.
,Recommended,322780,33061062,Posted: 30 June,all,WhoIsThisGuy,It's chill.
,Recommended,322780,31944884,Posted: 24 May,all,Kirzan,"Here's my first experience with the game:I spawned on a poop island with almost nothing and another group of players had already pretty much emptied it.I decided to respawn on a random island to hopefully get on a bigger one.New island is muuuuch larger and has a free station, so I start gathering and build my ship.Ship built, let's go to that island wayyyy off the distance.Oh damn, what's that, epic music and my sail's broken.Try to repair the sail. It instantly breaks again.Wait a minute... is this a TURBULENCE AREA?I look around, and I see a MUCH bigger ship with smoke coming out of it and players grappling around it, crashing, at the distance.So after a while, my ship doesn't move, I'm out of birch, I'm stuck here.Respawn on closest island.I'm stuck with the ""falling from extreme distance camera shake"" AFTER respawning.Exit the game. 200 players queue... I can't wait to get back in!!!"
76561198089405785,Recommended,322780,31973814,Posted: 26 May,all,Ansraer,Tried to hijack a noobs ship. Somehow teamed up with him instead and then died when he steered us directly into the next Sandwall.10/10 Would die again.
,Recommended,322780,34138389,Posted: 9 August,all,Merz,this game is great because i grapple-slam myself into a wall and die!
76561198010796970,Not Recommended,322780,33650760,Posted: 19 July,all,ryan,"Here's the thing, this game is interesting and original but it has MAJOR quality issues. To be fair they clearly say it's a beta product. However, not all early access/beta games on steam have the same quality. This is one of the worst quality early access games I've ever played on steam.The economics of the price are upside down. Instead of paying $40 for a beta, you should get a discount for getting in at the ground floor and beta testing a game of this quality. Played for 20 hours so far and I've experienced the following issuesRandom lag while flying your ship at the worst possible times. Screen freezes. 10 seconds later it comes back and you are dead.Random lag at all places in the game. No other players around during these times either.Perpetual loading screen. Basically can't login.Perpetual respawn screen. Basically can't revive after death. I actually had to contact support for this one."
,Recommended,322780,32864784,Posted: 27 June,all,sk8chalif,Crazy Good!
76561198021958436,Recommended,322780,31957172,Posted: 25 May,all,Algol87,"Incredibly interesting game, especially with friends. Somewhere between Flower and Journey anbd Waterworld set in a floating sky island setting."
76561198059496640,Recommended,322780,33790079,Posted: 25 July,all,EwokeonPrime,"This game may be buggy to many users. My friends experienced several bugs from losing his belt, to pinging into a tier 1 zone. however, the bugs aside, the core gameplay of this game is absolutely incredible, so much to do and explore and unlike most games nowadays there is actually a resourceful amd beneficial bonus to exploring, a good example of one of these are the blueprints, Exploration encourages you to discover new blueprints to improve your ship and make incredibly badass fleets that roam the skies.Cons = Apart from the bugs there is not much i can complain about with this game. i do feel they could make 2 improvements though, i would like to see more reason to explore the zones accept Blueprints and beautiful scenary like bosses and rare clothing and loot.I WOULD ALSO LOVE TO SEE THE DEVELOPERS MAKE THE HIGHER VERSIONS OF THE GAME PURCHASEABLE AT THIS SAGE.  i feel if you own one of the games, you should be able to upgrade your edition for a cheaper price. it would make you more money and make t he community happy. if you're reading developers. i really feel this feature should be added.Thankyou for your time"
76561198220633336,Recommended,322780,35227411,Posted: 26 September,all,nightmarecrator,i would like it more if the helm looked more like a ships helm
76561198010455016,Recommended,322780,35505859,Posted: 5 October,all,0VERKILL,People playing this game forget that this games in beta and complain about dupers but the devs are fixing the issues they've already removed multiple methodsThe game itself is a blast to play exploring all the islands hunting down knowledge to better your ship while hunting down people as you find them ive had many hours of enjoyment in this gamepopulation is a little low at the moment but that'll fix itself after all dup methods are fixed and the servers wipe
,Not Recommended,322780,32010772,Posted: 27 May,all,Thinkpadius {R},"It's Just Not Ready To PlayBut the project is worth supporting and I hope it improvesConclusionThis game has some fun moments that don't last because its most most alluring qualities aren't properly hashed out yet or actively punish the player for trying.  Exploration and travel are halted by a gamebreaking bug (or a mechanic!) that slows the player's airship to near stopping speed whenever it gets too far from the starting islands. (I'm not talking about windwalls). It then takes forever to return to the central islands! Character progress, in the form of acquiring new parts to craft for your airship can be found in chests and by acquiring and spending knowledge points. But finding a schematic in a chest disincentivizes spending knowledge points on the equivalent part in the knowledge tree, but youhave too[/] if you want to unlock more advanced parts! It's frustrating and pointless.The GoodThe grappling hook and climbing system are both fantastic. Swinging with the grappling hook really works and it's fun.There's no question about it.Creating your personal airship is fun and the gameplay mechanics that support it work - including repairing broken parts, designing the shape of your craft, and mining for materials.The islands are beautiful.The art design is well thought out and suits the relatively relaxing and almost ""lonely"" feeling you get in this game.Wind feedback is visual and you have to tack against the wind correctly. You actually have to sail, and the feeling is really fun.The BadThere are no tooltips or advice. It's forgiveable in Early Access, but this game needs it in a few key areas.I like the schematics, and I like the idea of a knowledge tree, but right now they both serve the same purpose - giving the player more parts to add to the airship. It doesn't make sense to have two gameplay mechanics for the same purpose. Why do this? Why not just let the player find schematics and let the knowledge tree be about refining the effectiveness of the airship, improving the grappling hook, and building better wingsuits?The islands may be beautiful, but at a certain point moving around becomes impossibly slow and the game gives you no reason. You can have the wind with your sails, AND two engines at full blast and for 20 minutes it will feel like you haven't moved and inch. It's infuriating. There's no explanation for why this happens and it doesn't make sense.You spend so much time moving between islands and the chance of a ""slow down"" is relatively high that it makes exploring a painful process that you only want to do when you've exhausted resources. No game should stop you from doing what you want because it has a major gameplay flaw in it.The exploration issue is killing it for me. Until that issue is fixed, I can't go back into the game. It will be like hitting my head against a wall.The UglyThere are griefers, like any new mmo. And the only way to protect your ship while you swing around an island is to park it on a Shipyard. The process is tedious.Repetive mining. Repetetive tree chopping. But you knew this going in, it's not necessarily a bad thing, it's just the way these survival games go, you have to grind."
,Not Recommended,322780,31944361,Posted: 24 May,all,Prognostitron,"Un-optimized and laggy to the point of almost un-playable. Grappling and minning is super frustrating because of craptacular controls and camera.Oh, and everyone starts with guns and there are piles of un-intuitive menus to make anythign so the second you try to craft you will probaly get trolled to death.Might get a chance to come back to this game, hoepfully it will be alot less frustrating then. There is all the makings of a good game, it is just so unpolished it is painful to play.I won't refund since I want this game to be good, but can't at all recomentd it now at the price it's at....at all."
,Not Recommended,322780,32303399,Posted: 9 June,all,GooseButter,RIddled with stability and technical issues. Stay away for now.
76561198075504761,Not Recommended,322780,33258951,Posted: 4 July,all,Evancarr,"Far too many griefers to actually enjoy the game.Mechanics of the game are nice.Exploring is nice.The tier system is well implemented and allows progression. Forces players to explore to get knowledge and it seems most of the high-end schematics are found in the tier system other than legendary.However, griefers currently make a lot of progression impossible as the game has no end-game. Instead PvP is the end-game which in of itself would not be an issue. Since players who reach the end can simply fly back to starting zones and 'grief' new players it's end-game is very counter-intuitive to new players."
76561197976865410,Not Recommended,322780,31958180,Posted: 25 May,all,Fatte Wok,"I read Closed Beta so I jumped in.1hr later I asked for a refund.This is Alpha stage with loads of problems and bad optimisation.Also (besides the aircrafts you can make) I have the feeling of a 'been there done that'and I am scared the 'no endgame' will get boring after a while.If you like total freedom and no questing, you might jump in.If you are looking for 'something else' please check some youtube videos first.If you are looking for the next big thing... Move along, nothing to see here."
76561198041471543,Not Recommended,322780,33429706,Posted: 10 July,all,Scuba Steve,"This is an alpha game, It has some very very gamebreaking bugs and glitches, The lag is insane and you will die around 20 times when attempting to travel any large distance.That being said its a very decent start I have alot of fun flying around and shooting anyone i see as a bad wind pirate but i cant reccomend it just yet.Mantas are terrible as a new player they are rage inducing and they will ruin your day alot, PVP think rust you run up say hi and bam, time for a spiderman like gunfight flying every which way as you grapple.(The game: you fly around on a ship getting more ship parts and thats about it. Sweet a wall of stuff and things..... Please add more things to kill time mobs on islands random AI ships just something to make it more fun between pirate fights and wind walls)"
,Not Recommended,322780,33480249,Posted: 12 July,all,Banjo,"Although the game is a bit exciting for the first few hours, World's Adrift is a wannabe Minecraft survival game where you constantly track down random resources to... build the next best ship?The gathering of resources is nothing but a tedious task in which can only be described as a painful time sink, it's not so much that you have to gather the resources, but you constantly have to battle the wonky camera system, the horrific player controls, and complete roll of the die for what resources you will be getting. Sure you can get metals from rocks and wood from trees, but that's about the only identifier you're getting when you're out collecting resources.The biggest damning part of the game is the poor player controls. You play in 3rd person with a movement system that is painful at best, obtuse at worst. From constantly being flung around like a rag doll (which can be funny the first few times but annoying the rest of the time), you'll find that from a game design perspective making movement like Surgeon Simulator gets tiring after the first half hour.Next up is the locked settings for the game. You have to quit the game to change the graphics settings, to which the low settings and resolutions were NOT designed well and just thrown into the game because Unity3D lets you do that. At lower resolutions, the text boxes overflow their containers, the fonts don't scale well, and camera viewboxes are buggy. You can't turn off the excessive bloom, much less any other annoying graphical feature like reducing draw distance, etc.Performance is hit or miss, and what I can call simply unoptimized. When you approach an island your ship will experience freezing as the server attempts to pop all the elements in at once, performance be damned. This can result in amusing events like suddenly being flung from your ship as the server will force the ship position back into its previous correct position or you along with it, resulting in you gliding to the void below.In all, it's a game for Early Access that I sincerely doubt will leave EA, that costs as much as a full fledged AA title, and exists to annoy and spite its players. Drift by this one."
76561198003267156,Not Recommended,322780,31958848,Posted: 25 May,all,TheBaron,"Griefing is out of control even in beta, not worth the time to build something when someone blindsides you and can take everything you have worked on for an hour or so, asking for refund."
,Not Recommended,322780,31964882,Posted: 25 May,all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,"i can't recommend it at this time.this game, simply put, is a masterpiece in the making. it takes the fun ship battle and crew aspect of guns of icarus online and combines it with being able to craft your own ship like in something like empyrion galactic survival.sounds amazing, and looking at the trailers it looks fun as hell. even better, check out some of the crazy stuff people have built on the game's reddit page. but there are a ton of issues that stack up and make the game, not unplayable, but a terrible experience1. big islands have terrible frames on all systems. i'm sure most people who have looked at this game have watched summit1g play this game and he has a supercomputer and gets 10 frames on big islands. since big islands are usually where new players spawn it gives a bad first impression of the performance. FPS during combat is not much better since even the starter pistol has a crazy explosion effect when you hit someone.2. they advertise ""no loading screens"" and they are right, you will never see a loading screen once in the server. instead, when flying into a new cell, the game freezes for 10-15 seconds while it loads and during this time your ship is still moving and your character is as well. so there's a high chance, if you aren't on the wheel or grappled to your ship, you will fall off and die losing any materials on your person3. the game logic when it comes to PVP makes no sense.-people build a ship on a shipyard. anyone can come up to that shipyard and salvage the shipyard, build their own shipyard under the ship, and now they can modify the ship that person was building. i'd also like to mention salvaging a shipyard only takes about ~20 seconds-anyone can get on any ships helm and drive the ship themselves. there is no one way to ""lock"" the helm and there is no way to seal off the helm without sealing yourself off from it-the basic pistol you spawn with is able to destroy engines, sails, helms, mobile respawners etc. etc. pretty much any Tier 1 ship pieces you put on  your ship someone can blow off with the starter pistol which is easy to craft and the ammo is even easier to craft. a sidenote about me mentioning tier 1 here is that, as a solo player, i am just about to unlock tier 2 engines after 15 hours of going island to island scanning for knowledge to learn schematics.4. ship flying mechanics are so so SO slow.-turning takes years. legit it takes about 5 minutes to do a 180 with your ship while not moving. you can maybe lower that to 3 minutes if you have a rudder and some wings- the weight system for the ships hinders the ability to move faster because if you add more sails or more engines to move faster your ship will rise extremely slow or will just not take off at all5. there is no way to indicate direction (edited)-while i get they are trying to go for some colonial pirate fantasy exploration PVP game but you can't even make a damn compass.-there's no map-there's no way to indicate which islands you have or have not visited and there are a lot of them so you might forget if you have been there or not. so you could easily clear an island of knowledge (basically a kind of skillpoint) and come back to that same island later because you didn't remember you cleared itedit: apparently a compass and other directional indicators are available later i guess. but i've been through two windwalls and haven't found a blueprint for these types of things yet6. i don't really mind this but there are pretty long queue times at peak hours. personally, i don't mind but some people like to know this.7. this game played solo is not a fun experience. if you are playing solo you have to provide all the blueprints for a ship. you can't just focus on cannons, wings, or engines. if you play in a group you can spread out your knowledge so each crew member can focus on one area of ship buliding. groups also can easily take out solo players since 4-5 people can pistol all the parts of a ship off. you can destroy solo players even easier if you find the timed explosive blueprint. but it's pretty much the same in any PVP survival game. you are at a severe disadvantage playing by yourself.it just needs HEAVY performance and optimization updates because you will be playing at 10 fps, no matter what your specs are, for approximately 40-50% of your playtime. and if they speed up flying overall it will be even more fun."
,Not Recommended,322780,32371592,Posted: 12 June,all,Aiydem,"I like the idea and concept of the game, but due no rebinding and me having a azerty keyboard this game is unplayableGame seems to be released in early access a bit to soon"
,Not Recommended,322780,32117267,Posted: 1 June,all,Pentaro,"I assume this games fun if you can get past the first island without someone with a pistol removing all your progress with 4 bullets. Luckily if you can manage to get a personal spawner down you can avoid multiple minute respawn timers as some guy steals your ship as youre totally defenseless on spawn.Enjoy dancing around the mast as the thief moves your ship into the air and away from any hope of being fixed.Enjoy gettting promptly shot down by the first veteran player who spots you dare to take to the skies.Im sure the game is fun in a group but if you are a solo player i cannot reccommend as spawn griefing is epidemic and ive built 2 ships in my playtime to have them stolen/destroyed on take off.I can only see this problem getting worse as more people are allowed access to the game and the devs further limit your ability to respawn randomly and escape griefers. Its a shame as the mechanics such as the grappling hook and building airships seem fun.Maybe if you have friends, No for solo play."
76561197975088978,Not Recommended,322780,32321988,Posted: 10 June,all,Cookie,Could be a great game one day but currently lacks basics options like 'invert camera' controls making it impossible to play for some.
,Not Recommended,322780,33547454,Posted: 14 July,all,Dimethylallyl-pyrophosphate,Lag Freeze every 2 minutes. Glitched through walls and ship.
76561198203761484,Not Recommended,322780,32028560,Posted: 28 May,all,[ffff]andyleeses,"First up, the idea is great.Its an open world, well, islands, crafting game similar to everything you've played before. You get ores, wood. Oh wait thats it.Then you collect knowledge. A randomly spawned set of 'knowledge' that you use a tool to get, and chests that have blueprints in.You build your ship which is customizable, then you hunt for more blueprints to add engines, cannons, and, thats it.Then I suppose, you go looking for other players. Probably to kill and get their resources, but there's nothing left to build, so it'll become a kill-on-sight bonanza, just because you're bored.It's hard to tell what the game wants to be, or where it is going. There is masses of interest if you look at the Alliances that people have joined, but it's got the potential to be a No Man's Sky. It doesnt seem like a beta, as currently there is sod all to do. I understand the higher price points for new games to help the development, but you can potentially pay £50 for this witht the packs. People grumble at paying that for fully fledged games, and this isn't near.I really hope this does well, but the servers lag, the game is currenlty fairly boring (Painful until you get engines), and I honestly can't see what there will be to do. The developers seem like a decent bunch, and I hope for the very best for it. (Especially now I've exceeded the 2 hours). Good luck Bossa."
,Recommended,322780,33024633,Posted: 29 June,all,TeniaToDa,Noice
,Not Recommended,322780,31988160,Posted: 26 May,all,Kongdancer,"This game has alot going for it,Lots of fun swinging around islands and building sky ships to fly. But currently the game is plauged with a lot of bugs that make enjoying it for any length of time a bit hard.The constant freezing and being thrown from your ship while traveling is more than annoying,And sometimes your character just drops dead out of no where due to physics issues with terrain or objects.At the time of posting this the game only has two active servers one US (West)  and a EU one.With the growing popularity of the game you can tell the servers are becoming bogged down leading to some server que and latency issues.The base idea of the game is great and im sure after a few months this game will be super fun but as it sits i cant reccomend the purchase.I support the idea of Early Acess games but believe that they should be a bit more put together than this upon leaving alpha and going EA.Overall if you dont mind getting fustrated at constant bugs and navigating around the slew of other weird issues this game has,Then youll have a good amount of fun.But if your on the fence about purchasing this one id say let it cook for a few more weeks before consumption because its a bit too raw at the moment."
,Recommended,322780,32415688,Posted: 14 June,all,Jeck,"Awesome game, it's like Rust with mobile bases that can be blown up and sent to the abyss."
,Not Recommended,322780,33019622,Posted: 29 June,all,Zuhan,"Spawn in and start learning the controls, Hey cool, a grapling hook (starts to act like spiderman before slaming into a wall and dying). Respawn, Why did I have to wait 10 seconds to respawn? Meh, climbed out of the respawn building and begins to learn more about the game when I see someone in the distance running towards me. I keep destroying rocks and trees to gather materials to build stuff (still don't know how to do that at this point) then getts shot at and killed by said guy. Choose to respawn on new planet (first time). Climb out of respawn building and onto island and starts doing what I was doing before before getting a cannon shoved up my♥♥♥♥♥ Ok, lets try a different island (second time). Climb out, descend to island, find an abandond shipyard and start learning how to build my first ship. Almost done, just a couple more pieces and she should be able to fly, before I can click the craft button on my Helm I take a bullet to the face. Have to wait 2 minutes to respawn? WTF is that about? Exit game, write review. If you don't like griefers or PvP, DO NOT get this game. I'll hold onto it in hopes that something might change, if not, it was a waste of money."
76561198050306980,Recommended,322780,33494501,Posted: 12 July,all,No_Money_No_Honey,i feel like tarzan of the jungle while playing this ;)
,Recommended,322780,33495760,Posted: 12 July,all,Lord Clang,"As of writing this review, i have died more times to trees than an actual player. 10/10 would get crushed again."
76561198090550042,Not Recommended,322780,31944791,Posted: 24 May,all,Vagabondian™,"Servers are full good luck getting into a game with 200 + people in front of you, such a good game, such poor server confguration"
76561198234634520,Not Recommended,322780,31967954,Posted: 26 May,all,Jokester,"At the time this game has terrible lag and cannot generate world fast enough for players. Its quite frustrating when you are carrying materials for crafting when your game lags and freezes and when you come back you are falling through the sky to your death losing all materials not saved in your save inventory. Until the devs fix this terrible lag and all these glitches, my suggestion would be that $35 dollars is not worth it for this frustration."
,Not Recommended,322780,32087397,Posted: 31 May,all,DjIch1,"The Beta of Worlds Adrift is really laggy, full of bugs and 70% of the time just no fun... i hope fix this soon, the last alpha was better to play..."
,Not Recommended,322780,31961842,Posted: 25 May,all,[QF] TheSzerdi,"I put 230ish hours into alpha 4 and 5. 25ish hours into alpha 6. And 3 hours into this beta release. The freedom and promise that initially ensnared me is being progressively stifled by developers imposing limits. Currently I feel another DayZ standalone coming on. Like DayZ I'll check in every six months or so to see if they've turned it around. Will update review if they do. Should've stayed in alpha. Run a kickstarter or pre-order on your website if you need funding. Steam release is the one big chance to impress the mass market and they've failed horribly.Update 8/25/17 Mining metal is worse than before. Still random physics glitches and damage. Still stupid weight limits. Still can't pass first wind wall with decent starter ship. Still no fix for half-looted chests. Not willing to grind 20 or 30 hours of knowledge to try to get out of starting zone. Still wouldn't recommend at this point.Update 9/1/17 Did the 20 hours of knowledge grinding. Almost have Exotic engines unlocked. Still can't get to tier 3 or 4 zones because the only way to unlock ship upgrades is RNG looting schematics in spawned chests. You can possibly find wrecked player craft with salvageable upgrades or find a friendly player to craft them for you, but these will be lost if your ship is destroyed. Found zero core upgrades schematics and only the fuel gauge schematic of the five navigational instruments. Inner masochist satisfied. I'll check back in a few months maybe."
,Not Recommended,322780,31964679,Posted: 25 May,all,Tethax,Don't buy yet. Practically unplayable. Wait until they update it and have PvE servers.
76561198107608898,Not Recommended,322780,31960125,Posted: 25 May,all,Harambe,very frustrating
76561197961600031,Not Recommended,322780,31944985,Posted: 24 May,all,JmcCabe,Been playing the game for an hour.....psych been in queue the whole time.played for an hour. abosolutely no guide. ran around supper laggy build a deck from a crafting thing and it spawed on me and i died so all the things i did for that hour were gone. tried to exit the game and couldnt even do that. One day this game will be good.
,Not Recommended,322780,32095119,Posted: 31 May,all,SorryImNotSorry,"This game is unique. I tried playing it but the crew becon is not fully functional so if your friends pass a strormwall while you sleep the crew becon can not get you there. Unless of course your respawner is still there. There are glitches that allow you to pass through walls incompletely with an inatiquit ship and spawn on the other side. There is also only one level of tools 1 gun 1 salvedger and so on. So gear wise a new player is as geared as a person passed the sand wall in the player aspect. Then there is also the concern with going ofline, if you go offline your ship and you dissapear. This makes it so if you dont want to loose progress just go offline. The ""purges"" or ""clean up's"" happen very far fromeach other. But the real lag is created at the first level. Where there are large islands and a lot of players. Also the game has troubles loading in large islands. This makes you freeze for long periods of time or just a second.If the developers even bother to read this reveiw please note this is my opinion,this may not be the case for other people."
,Not Recommended,322780,34446569,Posted: 23 August,all,The Shadow,"Not ready. Resoruces placed poorly, died randomly 5 or 6 times just walking around, no in game help or goal or story."
76561198129658275,Not Recommended,322780,35116591,Posted: 21 September,all,Durkasuarus,no bueno sorry not sorry
76561198168602308,Recommended,322780,35459428,Posted: 3 October,all,Mega Byte,bbbbbbbbbbbeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssttttttttttttttt gggggggggggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeevvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrr
,Recommended,322780,33511350,Posted: 13 July,all,Scandalous Bob™,Built a shipTree Spawned inside my shipShip got stuck on treeShip is destroyedWould build new ship again11/10
,Not Recommended,322780,33299643,Posted: 5 July,all,Araqiels,The most griefer friendly game in the world. Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,322780,33638219,Posted: 18 July,all,james,it crashis allot and i just cant lod in somtimes it just gets stuck in the loding screm
76561198180060606,Not Recommended,322780,32421310,Posted: 14 June,all,peppercat,"log in get killed by people with guns . spawn on a different island spend an hour making your ship get killed again because a different guy docked near by and blow up your ship. die , spawn , die , wait a hour cause its on a timer? finally respawn make a new ship get to a wind wall at 3 mph fail , start over . realize that there really isnt anything else to do , wish you only played under 2 hours because now i cant return it . but besides that its pretty laggy so yeah"
76561198045731476,Not Recommended,322780,32007342,Posted: 27 May,all,emuthebrave,"The worst thing about this game is the aids infested server i dont think i have ever played on a worst server in my life the lag is crazy. Ship kills you more times than other players, anything more than 1v2 is a lost cause, and finally a game with grappling hooks as a core item in the game you think the fall damage would be toned down but nope. oh dont forget the worlds only mmo that i know of that doesnt have some type of secure storage. ppl walk right up onto your aircraft when your not around take everything and leave.i had look forward to this game for 2 years when it finally comes out its♥♥♥♥♥♥and the devs must live in their own world where they think ppl wont steal from each other.I like the game just to many bugs and flaws maybe when they finish it ill change my view but until then i dont recommend this game at all.ill finish on a good note the game looks really beautiful and the background music is nice."
,Not Recommended,322780,31981152,Posted: 26 May,all,Navigator,"Look, I understand that it's beta.  I understand that it's early access.  But when I pay for access to this beta/early access game, I expect to get, at least, some consistent access.My play time right now is 2.9 hours.  The majority of that is me sitting and staring at my screen while waiting to either respawn or reconnect or just connect initially.  Waiting, and waiting, and waiting.  And when I finally do get connected, my guy just hangs there in space and then dies for no reason.  And I try to respawn, so it's time to play the waiting game again.  I've actually gotten to play a little bit, between getting disconnected and suddenly dying for no reason.  What I've played is something that I'm entranced with.  I love that idea of scrounging for resources and schematics to build my ship.  I even made it so far as to get a frame put up and an engine crafted.  I met another player and talked briefly, it was nice!  The artwork is something that's very pleasing to my eyes.But, if I can't get connected and STAY connected, then I'm feeling like I've wasted my money.  Again, I KNOW it's beta.  I KNOW it's early access.  But I paid to access this game and my 30 minutes of playing is far outweighed by my almost 2 and a half hours of waiting.  Either these people didn't do a good stress test before releasing it upon the Steam masses, or they just don't have the machine-power to handle the influx of new players.  Whatever the reason, until this situation is remedied, I'm leaving my review a definite ""Don't Buy""."
,Not Recommended,322780,32114136,Posted: 1 June,all,Strange Cowboy Man,Lag
76561198021491185,Not Recommended,322780,33636451,Posted: 18 July,all,highvelocity,No tutorial. Game just pisses you off... over priced... Dying from the most random♥♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198084555999,Not Recommended,322780,32629883,Posted: 21 June,all,AboveDeadly[SKC],to many glitchs in this game you spawn and cant even move from your spawner or you get stock on a loading screen
,Not Recommended,322780,32118880,Posted: 1 June,all,Minerva,"I just bought this game, and after just 20 min. I decided to seek a refund. I get it's early access, but there are limited settings availible, the game is poorly optimized, and I felt the controls were rather clunky. I personally don't feel that this game is worth the hype or the money in its current state; they have a lot of work to do on this game if they want to get away with asking what they're asking for it at present."
76561198045813713,Not Recommended,322780,31943502,Posted: 24 May,all,Supahfly400,"Wanted to love this game, seemed the game did not want me to love it.Movement and mining is janky, people start with pistols which is a HUGE oversight as griefers will grief.grappling hook physics are frustrating, Mining underneath of islands becomes a huge game of not slamming into walls. or falling off. game is in ALPHA AND NOT WORTH 35 DOLLARS i will be asking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,322780,32090844,Posted: 31 May,all,Heated Hooligan,"This game has many lag issues, it's BIGGEST problem is that the freaking game constantly lags when you load a zone. Other than that the game is great.... just fix the GOD DAMN LAG!!!!!"
76561197976384163,Not Recommended,322780,31944588,Posted: 24 May,all,Kelvar,"The three of us wanted to play together. You can teleport to your friend once every 24 hours. When they died, they appeared on some other island so we were separated again.There was no getting off the island. The starting experience was just chain deaths to other players while I wandered around getting my bearings and figuring out how to make a pistol again (since you lose all your inventory on death).After that, I was at least able to shoot back, but too many people just chain killing. There was no ship building, resource gathering etc.The experience was awful. All of us uninstalled and refunded."
,Not Recommended,322780,31955163,Posted: 25 May,all,EVILKILLER,Do not buy this game. Wait for awhile. They dont have enough servers for the people they have right now. I have finally got on a server. This community is so toxic I grew a third♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,322780,31975628,Posted: 26 May,all,BearSlayer,This game is not near complete enough for the $35 bucks they are asking for. If you don't believe me buy it and play it for 5 minutes and then refund it afterwards you will see what I mean. If you don't want to waste your time doing this basically no tutorials at all so building or doing anything is really fricken hard and you will probably waste most of your 2 hour limit for a refund trying to figure out how anything works. The grappling hook too is really bad very janky and just doesn't feel right. If the devs were to lower the cost of this very basic and incomplete yet kinda unique game to like 10 or 15 bucks at least for now while it doesn't have any content I would say definitely give it a try but 35 bucks is just outrageous.
76561198088032105,Not Recommended,322780,32630655,Posted: 21 June,all,Pandaxe_,"this is not worth the 35$ that they sell the limited amount of keys for. the videos for this game look fun, but it's not. you spend hours and hours getting griefed, having glitches where trees fall on you or where your body slams into the wall and insta kills you, and not being able to get to your friends. the game has 2 random respawns that you have, but they regen every 10 hours. so that means if you spawn at a place with a griefer, or not the best materials at the island, you want to respawn somewhere else right? well then you suicide, respawn again, and it's the same place and you have no more random respawns left. My friend and I after waiting the 24 hour period for a ""teleport to crew leader"" thing regen'd, built a ship. We had spent hours and hours finding the knowledge points to unlock ship parts, and then eventually farming for a few hours to get the best lightweight materials for those ship parts, so we could go faster. We we're trying to get to our other friends, who we're one wind wall away. We set off to go through the wind wall, and doing plenty of research on what to do to get through the wind wall. We had a first attempt with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ship that only had the basic sails on it, but the wind wall didn't let us through. We spent the next 2 hours driving that ship with the basic sails back to our island, to grab our better ship to try to go through the wind wall. We had two engines, 4 wings, 2 sails, and a lightweight ship made of iron and hemlock wood. We headed straight towards the wind wall, and it started downdrifting our ship. We came all prepared with stacks upon stacks of metal and wood to repair the ship if it got damaged while being thrown around. As soon as we went within a foot of the wind wall, it immediately downdrifted us to the world void at the bottom of the map, insta killing us and making so that we could not spawn at our personal regen stations onboard. This was a wind wall that we we're trying to go through, it is the 1st tier of weather walls (the easiest) that you can go through in the game. This whole play session that we had lasted around 5 hours, and I wish I could have gotten my 35$ back from buying the game, and spend it on a much better game that is so difficult and buggy like this one."
,Not Recommended,322780,34129580,Posted: 9 August,all,HoboBagginZz251,"This game is broken. I tried hard to play it. You WILL have a hard time meeting up with people IF you ever do. If you play solo you WILL NEVER MAKE IT through storm wall, so you will be stuck in the begining of the game FOREVER. DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME UNLESS YOU HAVE PEOPLE TO PLAY WITH THAT ARE PAITENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197982067096,Not Recommended,322780,31956688,Posted: 25 May,all,mort,all i do is sit in que waiting to play this fing game for HRS with like 5 mins of play time. ive restarted the game/pc and reinstalled it over and over agian with no results.
76561198043261474,Not Recommended,322780,31985578,Posted: 26 May,all,Goberge,Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,322780,31940163,Posted: 24 May,all,Freaky,"TL;DRWAIT before you buy!- Enter the game- Wander around- You bump into someone- They kill you- Respawn- Wander around again- You see a sphere (some sort of force field)- You enter the sphere- Some guy kills you- Respawn- Someone is building a ship- You go to say hello- They kill you- Respawn- Now what do I have to do again?The first thing I will say about the game is, it needs a lot of work. Apparently the game is in beta, but I personally believe it is still in alpha.I will start with the bad aspects of the game and the things it really needs to improve on.1. There is no direction...When you first enter the game after customising your character and the need to register an account, you are completely left alone with no indication or advice on what you need to do.The only information you get is what your inventory items do and what they are used for.For some this may be ideal, but for the complexity and the things that go on within the game, you begin to get lost and lose interest.After all, the key is to build a flying ship. But how? Where do you start?2. The community in-game is not great.My first 2 encounters (before I quit the game) weren't so fun. The first guy comes behind me, stops and looks at me, then kills me for no apparent reason.The second encounter was with a group of 2 people building a ship. I grapple hook onto their ship to say hello. They kill me...I leave....3.  What do you do?Similar to my first point of there being no direction or clues to how you proceed with the game, the items scattered around the fairly small map that you start on have no identifiers.For example, the majority of items I came across didn't have an identifier to tell you what the item was and how you use it.Using my common sense, I scanned it - nothing happened, but just a small text in the bottom corner saying I earned some points in something (can't remember exactly, it went away so fast).4. Poorly optimised.My specs are above average, yet throughout the game I would experience really bad FPS/Lag spikes. I think at some points I would get around 10-20 FPS. I understand this is still in beta, however in its current state it is fairly unplayable.5. Screenshots - every consumer's nightmare...The screenshots of the game is what actually made me buy the game in the first place. It looks great and immersive. But when you experience the game with the highest graphics settings yourself, you begin to feel dissapointed. Don't be fooled!----------In all honesty, there are no positives about the game apart from it has 'potential'.My only dislike is there being no direction or clarity to what you are required to do in the game.I probably should play for more than an hour to really understand, however, games are meant to be understood and enjoyed from the get go.Feel free to let me know any advice or tips for the game as I am tempted to give it another go..."
,Not Recommended,322780,31957491,Posted: 25 May,all,True Reclaimer,"Climbing Simulator 2017. From the makers of Surgeon Simulator. With the same janky physics and p!ss poor controls. Idk how this is an MMO when I only encountered 1 other person and there doesnt seem to be a way to ""party up"", ""add friends"", ""warp to friends"", ""invite to party"", or ""view alliance roster"". Also NO tutorial, NO instructions, and really besides smashing rocks and trees not a whole lot to do. Also since you are somehow floating in space, yet theres ""gravity"", 99% of the items will roll right off into the abyss, including yourself at times. Did I mention annoying fall and impact damage from the smallest of bumps? And full loot stealing player killing with no consequence to the killers? FUN STUFF RIGHT?I tried making a ship, but its tedious as hell and requires each individual part to be crafted (grindy) and placed (meticulous). Bossa SHOULD really add in prefab ships for new players or anyone that doesnt have a masters degree in aeronautical engineering. I wasnt even sure if I built the ship right but it managed to take off. Unfortunately it got ""stuck"" in space and no way to head back to land. So I gave up and got my Captain founders pack fully refunded.TLDR - This game is a great climbing simulator but a terrible MMO - that is not fun, but rather frustrating and confusing. Give it a year or 2 maybe Bossa will rework it, but this is a dev studio that makes joke physics simulators about bread ffs, so dont expect actual quality."
,Not Recommended,322780,33327573,Posted: 6 July,all,fadedAscendant,"Absolute garbage, should not even be in alpha, let alone a paid beta.  Do not recommend you pay these fools for alpha testing their game.  The devs have no experience with this type of genre.  Refer to Surgeon Simulator...really?  That game was so bad they gave it away in the end.Craft an item, it crushes you and kills you.Place an item on the ground, it falls through the island.Griefers.  Griefers everywhere."
,Not Recommended,322780,31986359,Posted: 26 May,all,gift me awful games,I was in a trash enclosure behind a gamestop when an elderly transient gave me a piece of adviceTwo things a man should never dobe it wear another lads socksNor wait a 200+ queue
76561198008424554,Not Recommended,322780,31944531,Posted: 24 May,all,brent533,"This game wasd very frustrating to play. There is no tutorial, it's user interface is not intuitive and I was repeatedly killed by a player over and over as i tried to play. I requested a refund. Total waste of time."
76561198063585622,Not Recommended,322780,34523887,Posted: 27 August,all,WeirdFetishKid,I experienced framerate issues
76561197974198002,Recommended,322780,31939562,Posted: 24 May,all,Alyssa Princess,Fun.  Good.  Buy it.
76561197984797370,Not Recommended,322780,31940941,Posted: 24 May,all,spyro626,"this is supose to be a building game of sorts, you learn how to play the game and you gett shot in the face before you can even build your own ship, if you think for a second that ppl care about you getting your buildon you are wrongits a nice game, but getting random pvp killed is not what i got this game for!bunch of unmature kids just shooting everything, and go ""Ooo wooow i got 10 silver from that guy""if you are looking for rules in this game Turn BACK!Before investing Money in this game, are you looking for a pvp noob killer game then this is a game for you <3want to kill a qlueless player that have just started and trying to figgure out what this is? then Yes this is a game for you"
76561198097686739,Recommended,322780,31939724,Posted: 24 May,all,Disco,You Can Troll 10/10
76561198031943821,Not Recommended,322780,31945881,Posted: 24 May,all,Rex,"Bad review, because they banned me from forum. For asking a legit question. The devs recruited lots of whiteknights mods that ban anyone who has negative vibe."
,Not Recommended,322780,32751899,Posted: 24 June,all,Beast,Bad.
,Not Recommended,322780,31942842,Posted: 24 May,all,TremblePlays,wost mmo yet the hype for this game was insane then bam lets not stableize and balance it. i played for 1 hour and 40 minutes to oh hi new person over there bang shoot in the back of the head. guess what spawn again shoot to the face spawn again get to land run around for 2 minutes a ship rolls in cannons fresh spawners like WTF RUST is way more brutal then this and yet you dont have the gaurente that your gonna die the seconds you spawn in Rust were this game well lets call it the spawn die spawn run around and die game coz you dont know how to balance nothing well played on making a stunning mmo world were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s kill everybody in sight gg :(
76561198114935520,Not Recommended,322780,33414031,Posted: 9 July,all,WrinkleNugget,Cancer
,Not Recommended,322780,32199559,Posted: 5 June,all,skullb0ne,Where's my bleeping ship you bleeping bleeps? It took me a half a day to gather mats and build that BLEEP. Now twice i log in and they're gone. I can't seem to jack anybody else's stuff. How are people jacking mine?! Bleep your BLEEPING game you Bleeping Bleeps!(Edit: Truer more sober review  can be found in comments)
76561197965422622,Not Recommended,322780,31942070,Posted: 24 May,all,piccolohl,You can't invert mouse. Literally unplayable.
76561197988466250,Not Recommended,322780,31938854,Posted: 24 May,all,Lustwaffle,"I just bought the closed beta bronze package. It fired right up, had great performance but unfortunately there is no invert mouse option. I tried to play it 'upside down' for a few minutes and it was just too wrong. I requested a refund and will revisit in a month or two.This is a paid alpha, not a beta. Far from feature complete."
,Recommended,322780,31964352,Posted: 25 May,all,Verazon,Worth it.
,Recommended,322780,32027975,Posted: 28 May,all,Kurdis,good
76561198150888348,Recommended,322780,31964412,Posted: 25 May,all,codydozer,"Killed self twice in 3 minutes using the grappling hook... I need more of this. Much.. more.Servers are a bit wonky but it's closed beta.Road to success:1. Get berries from trees2. Uh...3. Learn how to right click with that grappling hook professionally4. Consume berries because you still suck with the grappling hook5. Profit-------Seriously, the more skilled with the hook you are, the better life is in this game"
,Recommended,322780,32029176,Posted: 28 May,all,Instanes,"It has its bugs, it has its lags. But  it is early beta, and so far it is a ton of fun!Just expect to lose your ship alot. To either crashing, storms, windwalls, pirates, and thieves.  Or the wildlife tearing your ship apart.At times very frustrating due to lag, bugs, and people blowing up your ship for ♥♥♥♥♥ n giggles. But the exploration, the building, the hook. It makes it all worth it.But beware, I have so far not met a single friendly person. Except my crew."
,Recommended,322780,32031456,Posted: 28 May,all,Varolv,"In early access beta so there will be minor and bigger glitches, right now there is also some server issues from time to time causing lag. Not rubberbanding, more like spikes, longer load times when respawning, lag while looting boxes.But its been 3 days since beta release and already improving. Ive enjoyed every minute. For the last year Ive been mostly into Rust, I thought this would be a similar experience but its not. No wipes, no offline raiding, no dead servers.You start off in the wilderness biome, gather resources in a really enjoyable way, the hook shot and spiderman stuff is amazing.  Then proceed to build a ship with a sail. Explore new floating islands to gather knowledge to learn new blueprints for wings, engines, cannons ++ You need a better ship to get through the first windwall, then in the new biome with new islands, you can find better blueprints in chests and stuff to further upgrade your ship.This is more like an MMORPG than a survival/sandbox game. If you die you keep some of your stuff. If you logg out, your ship and yourself despawn so no one can offline raid you. But you could very easily loose your ship! If the core gets damage it will fall out of the skies, if your run out of fuel in the middle of a wind wall it will most likely crash your ship.But luckily getting new materials is easy, fast and a lot of fun.Over the 25h ive only had to rebuild once. But Ive ofthen replaced almost all my parts when ive found better or lighter materials. In the start the struggle is really the weight. Then you find a blueprint for a core upgrade, so you can add more stuff to your ship, more engines, cannons etc. Theres also nifty stuff like compass, fuel gauge, altimeter, artificial horizon and a speedometer. All of which you need to discover in order to make.JOIN WHILE ITS FRESH!I love that at the moment, noone really knows the impact off quality or types of metals on different components. or where to find em, or how much of an impact the stats will do. We have to figure out♥♥♥♥♥♥as we go :) Which is just a lot off fun. Also the ship designing is really deep! you can basicly do anything! Make it look like a shark if you like."
76561197967133049,Recommended,322780,31949792,Posted: 25 May,all,TomsDaBomb,"I only played this game for like an hour an a half, but I already know Im going to love it. So far, community is awesome. Hopefully , it stays that way when it goes fully public. The art work and world is beautiful. No tutorial however, so you pretty much have to figure out everything on your own. That being said, the game isnt very difficult to learn.  BUY THIS GAME! Im a huge fan of survival games, especially open world, and this game hits all my buttons lol"
,Recommended,322780,31949548,Posted: 25 May,all,Nizmo,This game is amazing! I'm very picky when it comes to games. but this game is just everything I have been waiting for! I have only had a few problems that might ruin the game wich is that players will killing me on my spawn island. I hope they can do something to change that because I sat there for like 6 hours trying to build a ship when these jerks kept spawn camping me. this game is amazing and it has alot of potentiol.
,Recommended,322780,31963189,Posted: 25 May,all,Cat,"This seems like it would be fantastic to play. I could picture myself sinking hours into this. However, I am going to wait until they fix the lag issues to play again. It is really difficult to do anything at the moment.Also, be careful in fresh spawn areas. They have pistols when they spawn in -.-'Devs please update reviewers when you fix the lag"
,Recommended,322780,31964918,Posted: 25 May,all,[GFYS]NoMercyJon,"I review very few games, this one has earned my public opinion.Worlds Adrift, I've 10.4 hours so far in game, with that said, I feel I've barely scratched the surface. Pros and Cons are always good to list, so let's start with that.Cons- Queues (Closed Beta, not trying to overload servers maybe?)- Physics can be wonky- lag spikes for island hopping- lack of seats so no body gets hopped of an airshipPros- No directions, do what you want- Open world, good luck- Air pirates- Grappling hooks- Music/atmosphereMy personal account so far; Spawn in, meet new friends, help build ship, fly around, find new island, fight people, lose ship, build new ship, weirdness, almost lose new friends, regroup on different island, build better ship, fly some more.Needless to say, even when I was being rammed by a fresh spawn vendeta seeking individual, my new friend and I enjoyed the game. Some things are a little wonky, but I feel this game has a lot of potential. Is it worth the big pack? Nah, but the basic package is a good start and a help to support the Devs. I've seen them constanly post through Alpha, so I hope that stays through beta."
76561198065865818,Recommended,322780,31978795,Posted: 26 May,all,Sport,Great Game!
,Recommended,322780,31981643,Posted: 26 May,all,Stormilator,"After 14 hours... My crew made it through the wind wall. All it took was a lot of luck and a lot of crazy ship designs. From ships that look like whales, to ships that gosh knows what it looks like.Great game, will continue to play it and I can't wait to see whats coming later on!Fly high my fellow mates!"
76561198354098061,Recommended,322780,33502061,Posted: 13 July,all,Georgewfontana,This Is an amazing game where you start on an island and try to build a ship to visit other islands. I would definatally recomend playing this game it is worth it.
,Recommended,322780,33539222,Posted: 14 July,all,"Sandor ""The Hound"" Clegane","This game truly is something of great magnitude, I have been intensely gaming for 19 years and I have found a game I pray does not die.That being said though, it's not without faults, nor is it even close to what I am expecting out of the game!This game is pure genius, the style is fun but the physics makes the game. It is a steam punk style, which to many people is really cool. I like how they went about it and made it not too steampunk, and still allowed some old style ship sailing.The game seems to be just an exploration game, and this is where the game may fail, it's an mmo but I'm not sure really what else to do but explore... in the games defense though, shipbuilding and exploring is incredible and while I only have 5 hours so far, I can easily see 20 hours of sailing without boredom and to me that easily justifies the $35 price tag.This game needs players though, it is clear that without other players the content can get dull. The player to player fighting is pretty poor. Ship fighting is amazing though! The items are fairly large and I would guess there is more to come. The shipbuilding is nice but I want more freedom, they give you frames to build on so it sails but I want to go through the trial and failures of bad designs. There is still a lot I need to learn but my initial thoughts are as follows.Gameplay 7/10Graphics 7/10Glitches 2/10 (loading islands is bad for a good 15 seconds everything freezes)Physics engine 10/10Customizing 8/10Player to player interaction 9/10Combat 6/10Worlds Adrift 7/10"
76561197983618877,Recommended,322780,33588811,Posted: 16 July,all,Ed Gein's Car,"I wish there was a inbetween recommended...The game is enjoyable... most of the time. It's like Space Engineers, kind of... but different.Basically you build an airship, run around collecting knowledge, you update your ship, fly through to another area, rinse and then repeat.Beware though, the game has some glaring issues that need to be remedied soon. Stuff like lagging into areas, and then finding yourself plummeting to your doom even when attached to the vessel.Also, there are a lot of pirates in the game, and ""police"". Then there are the people who have a ton of knowledge and schematics greifing people still stuck in the early stages of their character.With all that said, I'm giving this game an extremely iffy recommended. I bought the game to play along with my bro, but I wouldn't recommend it if you don't have anyone to play with.So I'd give this game, in it's current state, 6/10."
,Recommended,322780,33598026,Posted: 16 July,all,TopazGlaceon,"This game is pretty good, if you enjoy games like Rust and building bases that fly then you will like this game. The base game mechanics like the grappling hook is solid and not many games can pull that kind of thing off.If I were to complain it would be the in-game progression can be slow, its built primarily around a research system and the main way of learning parts to build ships (which is the biggest and most necessary part of the game) you must research parts by scanning the environment for points, which is not fast and highly encourages flying to as many islands as possible. The game also could do with some optimization but it’s still in beta, so that’s to be expected.While the extreme basics can be figured out using the in-game controls and the small number of tips can get you started, I would defiantly recommend, if you intend to pick up this game, looking up some tips online as some aspect of the game can negatively affect your experience if you don’t know about them. For instance, the when you start your ship can be up to 1000Kg but you should go nowhere near that because the ship will take a long time to turn and maneuver once you hit the 500-700Kg range."
76561198402029389,Recommended,322780,33601107,Posted: 16 July,all,Ron Swanson,"I dont write many reviews but i thought this one needed to be shown. When I bought the game I looked and I saw through the clonky frames at first. If you really take time to play this game it can be a truely immersive experience. The visuals are stunning the sound is peaceful and it gives you a very relaxed feel. When I started to play this game I was ready to see lots of pvp, but I was wrong to an extent. The community on this game is actually incredibly positive and friendly. Me and my friend would stop on islands to trade our blueprints for their engines and we'd have a great time. Whenever there is pvp on the rare occasion its 99% because you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥someone off with a blunt action. 10/10 Ill stick with this game threw thick and thin."
76561198010877775,Recommended,322780,31950249,Posted: 25 May,all,[SC]Aly,This game is a game i can play with freinds after a loong day at work. its realexing in a new way i havent tired :D
,Recommended,322780,33558852,Posted: 15 July,all,forever,"best game ever... i never experience any of the ""cons"" listed in the reviews... instead i meet hella random players who are super helpful..."
76561198040340267,Recommended,322780,33550522,Posted: 14 July,all,Lolina,THIS GAME I DIED TO A ROCK AND THEN 1 MINUTE LATER AFTER I SPAWNED I DIED HARVESTING A TREE BECAUSE IT FELL ON ME BUT IF I LAUNCH MYSELF INTO THE SIDE OF A CLIFF I TAKE 0 DAMAGE 11/10 WOULD DIE TO A TREE AND ROCK HARVESTING MINERALS INNOCENTLY OVER LAUNCHING YOURSELF INTO A CLIFF VERY NICE AND FUN AND COOL
,Recommended,322780,33552823,Posted: 14 July,all,analyzation of anal canals,"Great game from the first few hours, yet i would like some polishing of the game. I would though only reccomend it being played when its fully developed, as some glitches and crashes can ruin the game. Overall this is a great game other than the crashing and random deaths between islands its a decent game."
,Recommended,322780,33551984,Posted: 14 July,all,Itsapaul,Spider-man + airships is a good time.  Physics get wonky sometimes but that's to be expected.
76561198032017147,Recommended,322780,33569390,Posted: 15 July,all,Spartan II 777,"Game is good.  Need a crew, how bout you, If you shoot I will too, if you dance I'll drop my pants."
76561198043976434,Not Recommended,322780,32293169,Posted: 9 June,all,SLǂEranok,EDITED :Just lost days of farming due to lag/loading/memory leak. (15 second loading time in the middle of sandwall that damages over time all your engines and wings. Rip ship).The bad sides of the game vanquished my patience. Not gonna advise it anymore.
,Recommended,322780,33471707,Posted: 11 July,all,๖ۣCaptain ๖ۣJohnWick,"7/10Not bad so far. There are bugs but that's to be expected.My only complaint is that there is nothing on Steam regarding the wipe they plan on doing when this game goes from closed beta into open beta. It makes sense to wipe the world data but wiping player data is a bit much, and doing so without informing half of your playerbase is an even worse move. I would have happily waited to buy this game if I were informed about the lack of a persistent world (as advertised by the Store page) but sadly there was no warning.That being said it's a pretty fun game and I look forward to being a part of it's early development"
,Recommended,322780,33622313,Posted: 17 July,all,Nut Zach,"So far I think the gameplay is solid.  Don't get me wrong, $35 dollars is not worth the game right now.  But Bossa has a great track record with its other games (I'm Bread and Surgeon Sim).  If they can hash out all the bugs and optimize it a bit they almost have a completed MMO minus quests and a bit more content.My suggestions:Each server have a PVP and PVE instance that you can move between (with limitations obviously)Ship TrackerA mini map (PLEASE)Larger map (the areas mainly need to be bigger)A Home Island that you could warp to and from or something of the sorts.  And you'd be able to use your own from the Island editor"
,Recommended,322780,32157403,Posted: 3 June,all,Ronald McDonald,Fun game and great to try out SpatialOS. Still buggy though. I learned the hard way that stairs and flying don't work well.
,Recommended,322780,32185877,Posted: 4 June,all,:..::.::...:,"Great concept, bit jagged at this state and full of the regular type of asshat players who play only to greif."
,Recommended,322780,32006264,Posted: 27 May,all,TTKiNTT,In Love with this game there is so much this game could do with the framework and floor(Sky) created*Update*- They handled the server/lag issue within a few days of me posting this so quite playable now had some login issues but very much playable and enjoyable glad to be a part of the testing
76561198111050030,Not Recommended,322780,31945321,Posted: 24 May,all,Midex,"All it does is lag, beta early acess whatever anytime you get near an island you join a lag fest. 100% unplayable !"
,Recommended,322780,32170035,Posted: 4 June,all,david,"This is one of the most addictive games I've ever played.I do not know why, but I keep coming back to it. I gather materials, die in some silly way and loose it all. You'd think I would give up after a couple of times, but I keep going.Then I manage to build a great ship, I manage to fly it and then while exploring an island it gets attacked and broken. I have no materials, so I have to start gathering again and build a new ship. I managed to build the new ship wrong so it only turned right. Restart again to gather materials... Come on! Time to stop playing?But no. It's so fun! Those moments when you find new schematics for your ship to make it just a little bit better, or when you find that piece of clothing that makes you look a little cooler. It's all a journey to improve yourself and your knowledge and so in the end it does not really matter that I have to rebuild my ships all the time, because they do get a little bit better every time - and I keep learning.It's actually a feeling of freedom sometimes when your ship crashed again and you sit on top of an island with nothing left except the knowledge you have gathered while the sun sets (or suddenly disappears... early access...)And sure, it Is early access and everything is not working as you'd expect. But the forum discussions are great and I'm sure all little annoyances will eventually go away.Also, swining around with your rope is great fun. And I can't wait to find the schematics for the glider!"
,Recommended,322780,31943976,Posted: 24 May,all,FluffyPantsExtreme,"Not a bad game , runs nicely on medium most of the time for me and im using a 750ti 2Gb and an fx 8320 (Not the best GPU) . There were a few small glitches but nothing gamebreaking . I would say that it definitely deserves a thumbs up because the idea is great and the gameplay is pretty good as it is .Recommended if you like Crafting and exploring with some PvP mixed in .If you are not sure you want to buy it and you have the extra money i'd say give it a try if you don't mind the PvP ."
,Recommended,322780,31946168,Posted: 24 May,all,Cupcake of Rage,"It's an ""early access"" game that they're saying is in ""beta"" but what you should know is that it's definitely not done. This isn't ""beta"" like ""we're just polishing the floors"" it's still clearly in development. So know that going in. However, it's wildly fun and amibitious and even as it is today it's a blast to play and shows incredible promise if they can deliver on its potential. Worth the money just to shoot people and explore on an airship."
,Recommended,322780,31955449,Posted: 25 May,all,Unseen_Cereal,"Just jumped into it, started farming materials. Crafted some ship parts, a deck I made killed me after it landed on me. Made a dinghy, got up and flew it into a tree. Got it out of the tree, but fell off the ship and died. Respawn, start farming stuff again. Get railed to death by flying bugs, not sure what I did.Plenty of things to improve, but they literally just made it closed beta so have some common sense people. Looks promising."
76561197995456625,Recommended,322780,31964194,Posted: 25 May,all,Dmartin,Love it
,Recommended,322780,31964202,Posted: 25 May,all,FatKarate,great game
,Recommended,322780,31943777,Posted: 24 May,all,ṪḩḕĴṹḏḡḕ,"Despite the long queue times to get into a server and the drastic frame drop I am still really satisfied myself when it comes to this game. I think this game is good for long hours of entertainment but will need the developers attention to keep it that way. there has been alot of intuitive thought put into the game to make people want to play together but a few other things are of course still needed. I won't critique to much as I would like to get more expereience and come back to this review that at another time. I look forward to the server performance maintenance, and stability/ content patches to come as these are really needed to make this Mostly positive review game to make it overwhelming positive. I think the 30$ price is a bit expensive but I will let this go because the music makes that better lol Thank you for making this game take your time making it great."
76561198380715319,Recommended,322780,31943520,Posted: 24 May,all,ETZEL,"I really hope Worlds Adrift doesn't go dark. In its current state, the game shows off what it could be in the future.  lot of people have compared the game to no mans sky, which is fair, however i would say this game is in a different ballpark and for the better.The ship building is okay once you get used to it, there's not a lot that makes smaller ships stand out from each other at the moment though, would like to see cunstom skins added at some point.The grapple hook is exceptional. Batman, Spiderman and Assassins Creed games should seriously take note. The climb feature doesn't really work that well as it causes you to glitch out and die, but it has its place for the time being; i.e getting those iron nodes on the under-belly of the islands so you're not swinging around all over the place. But like i said, the grapple works so well, and when you pull off a cool move like swinging from one cliff to another, doing a little flip in midair and then skimming the edge with a wall run and landing safely again, you feel like a total badass.No VOIP right now, but the text chat kind of suits the game style. I've met a lot of friendly and very few killers. Pople mostly want to help each other out or just hang out with each other. Its great to be exploring an island, building/repairing/refuling your ship and all the meanwhile there are people all around you doing the same thing. Ships are coming and going to the island and flying over head, you can see ships in the distance and people walk by you either engaging in conversation or just going along their way.As for what to do? There's nothing really to do right now except level up. That being said, the community is great and so that tends to keep things interesting as you explore the universe. You learn blueprints by scanning objects and leveling up your skill tree or finding blueprints in chests. The blueprints are for things like engines and wings, fuel gauges and so on.Obviously there are bugs, the game changer is particularly the one that makes my computer freeze for about 15-20 seconds when approaching an island. With 4 engines and a sail going this often causes me to go crashing right in to the side of the island by the time i'm done lagging. To counter this, i drop my speed when i know that ships and objects will be popping in (which is a fair amount away) and DO NOT LEAVE THE HELM! satying in the helm will prevent your body from ragdolling around when you're done lagging. What i found was that i'd apprach an island, lag, ragdoll, get thrown from ship, respawn on ship, lag some more, crash.So instead, Slow engine speed and lower sail, try and aim your ship so that if you lag for a long time you will just sail over top or around the island, stay in the helm until you're done lagging and then land safely.I'm in a love/hate realtionship as to how the ship ownership works. I think that if you leave your ship out in the open anyone can go and drive it off to a dock and remove your spawner. If it is parked in a dock you cannot modify or drive the ship. I parked on an island earlier today and wondered off to do some resourcing. I stopped to talk to another player that i met the day before in a totally different area of the universe and out of the corner of my eye i saw a ship plummeting toward the ground. I noticed that it was actually my ship! i had become complacent and put too much trust in the auto dock feature that i forgot to actually stop and check that my ship docked properly. Alas, someone hopped in the helm and decided to drive it in to the ground. Luckily there wasn't too much damage and me and the player i met fixed it up together quite quickly.I'm not entirely sure how the world works in regards to areas. There are storm walls that block off areas, a wind wall, a storm wall, and another type of wall which looks like death. The wind wall is fairly easy as long as you have 4 engines, i think crossing this will take you to islands with better blueprints. My question is, how do you know you're going to a better place rather than travelling backwards? I'm not sure what you need to cross the harder walls but that's part of the fun, going around and asking other players.There is a way to help each other out, while you cannot easily trade right now, you can create a chest on the ground to exchange items. You can also load the blueprints you have collected in to any assembler, thus another player can construct something that they do not know how to construct themselves yet. Of course, when they change the item to something else they won't be able to load the unleanred item back up again until they learn it.Worlds adrift is looking like it will be an amazing game. It needs a bit of polish to remove those bugs that make you want to put your keyboard through the monitor. But when you're that frustrated at a glitch you know it's because the game is really really good!Not for everyone. Don't expect to come in to Rust with flying ships. I would argue that this is not a PVP game, although there obviously is the ability to fight each other, it's not something that you see really. I would describe this game as 'Journey meets No Man's Sky meets MMO'.Oh one last thing: the sounds. Decent music, a little repetitive after a while but i do really like the OST. There is a weird 'CHING' noise that happens and i don't know what it is. I thought it might be the sound of a player popping in close by but it's not that. It's the sound my dogs collar makes when he's moving or like a ""cha ching"" sound effect for money, random. The engine soundstend to cut out after a while, this may be because the developers thought it was annoying, personally i think the sound of 4 noisy fuel pumped engines blasting through my 7.1 headphones sounds AMAZING, so i often stop and start the engines again to get the sound going :P"
,Recommended,322780,31985580,Posted: 26 May,all,Beanz,"Just bought the game and it feels like No Man's Sky should have been.The game in its current state is insanely demanding, however if you have a good pc give it a shot.Insanely fun game overall!10/10 would grapple and fly someones ship away again."
76561198148596667,Recommended,322780,31986388,Posted: 26 May,all,ObsidianArcher,"Good, I'm only anoyed that I got killed by a platform falling on my head when I crafted it."
,Recommended,322780,31986439,Posted: 26 May,all,Larry,best ggame of all time
,Recommended,322780,31985410,Posted: 26 May,all,Nodonn,"I'm going to give it a TENTATIVE thumbs up. This game is in early access so I am giving it a review based on the ideas behind it and the future it might have. For those looking at it, keep in mind that the game as it stands is VERY buggy and rough around the edges.Pros:-Love the ""idea"" of the game. Open world, fully customizable, sky pirate island hopping fun.-The grapple is both unique in MMOs and very fun.-Love the player driven everything.Cons:-No real ""support systems"". There's no real HUD, no real party features, guild features, or any other of the numerous things you might expect in an MMO.-Things are slow paced and can be a bit round about to do.-As of now, the servers are laggy and the optimization is awful. Big islands will cause even the best computers to see huge framerate dips.-Long queues (right now).-Nota ton of content honestly thus far.For those not wanting to deal with all the issues early access gives: just stay away. For people wanting to dip their toes into a game that MIGHT be really good or could fall by the wayside into the heap of failed MMOs, it's worth a fun try."
76561198045170825,Recommended,322780,31976453,Posted: 26 May,all,G4m3rboi 420 69,"So far I'm enjoying this game. Followed it's progress a bit during alpha, but didn't get to play till this closed beta released. The fun part for me is the physics engine. When it works right, just grappling around and climbing structures is really fun (reminds me of breath of the wild, but an mmo), just not nearly as polished obviously.  I have had fps issues as well as lag, but since it is a physics based game and the physics is handled server side I'll just have to wait for improvements.Devs are responsive and seem very enthusiastic about the game (Bossa studios also created surgeon simulator for those who didn't know). Earlier today one of the devs responded to me within minutes of me asking a question on reddit and gave me some interesting info about how their engine works and what server issues they had during yesterday's launch.So far the game has potential and the devs seem passionate so I'll be playing every once in a while to monitor progress. I really hope this game succeeds!"
,Recommended,322780,31976837,Posted: 26 May,all,Hentai Aesthetic,The best mmo i've ever played.mmorpgs go back to hell where you came from.
,Recommended,322780,31975154,Posted: 26 May,all,Lordturtl,"Get some friends to play this game with you, or make some, just make sure you got a group you can somewhat rely on to shoot people that attempt to steal your ship.very much still early in development but alot of fun if you have the PC to run it.Expect to be shot at."
,Recommended,322780,31944072,Posted: 24 May,all,ouroboros,"Got killed by pirates. Resurrected. Stole their fancy ship while they were busy stripping my noob-boat. Love this game.Seriously, this is by far the most unique and atmospheric crafting/survival mmo I've ever played that manages to equally reward PvP and exploration.The main problem right now is optimization.. Despite this, the game is a real piece of art even in its present state."
,Recommended,322780,31988313,Posted: 26 May,all,Gene Shalit,This game is great even with all the bugs it's fantastic
,Recommended,322780,32083689,Posted: 31 May,all,Joshaloo,"Such a relaxing game :) Player interactions are often times friendly but always with the risk of violence, grapple physics feel amazing and addictive, and the music with the graphics style (reminds me of Journey a bit) makes this game super relaxing, but also tense at times :)"
,Recommended,322780,32113929,Posted: 1 June,all,Autistic Mabladin,"I love this game, it offers a lot to do for a beta build but has the glitches you would expect from a beta build. It is enjoyable but they planned it to be more of an RPG game, that is not fully truthful, but it is based on that.Pros:-Visually Appealing-Well optimized(framerate)-Good Concept-Fun and enjoyable-Grappling-GlidersMixed:People, of course there will be different people playing for different reasons.Glitchy, but that's a givin for beta game, and some of the glitches are fun.Grindy, this can be a good and bad because it makes the game last longer and you feel more satisfaction after completing something.Cons:Greifing, there is a lot of griefing(There are more nice people than griefers so thats not a worry, even join a non-griefing alliance that exists, it's massive.)"
76561198005256136,Not Recommended,322780,31945471,Posted: 24 May,all,Blu,Trying to play with friends is almost futile.  Boring to play solo.  It's an alpha being sold as a beta.  Do not recommend.
,Recommended,322780,32118170,Posted: 1 June,all,Centurion Demon,"Love the Concept, Wonderful exploring, while the screen freezes can be troublesome and annoying, its is of no consequence to how fun, in my complete opinion of course, this game is. however, the trouble some human condition that leaves some people to torment others fro kicks and without reason is very disheartening and annoying. I would love to see some sort of PvP an PvE serves to be enacted to better get people into the game without rage quitting."
76561197967368614,Recommended,322780,32111246,Posted: 1 June,all,Forge,Excellent and creative MMO which isn't just another copy and paste.
76561198035592960,Recommended,322780,31976164,Posted: 26 May,all,Joxis,Revision under way.
,Recommended,322780,31967001,Posted: 26 May,all,Smawg,One of THE best games ever made. So far.
,Recommended,322780,32143269,Posted: 2 June,all,Dio,It's me DioAlso this game is very good almost as good as a anime called Jojo's bizzare adventure but not that good
76561198009384413,Recommended,322780,32145974,Posted: 3 June,all,Lindrea,"First impression of the game is positive.  The game is overall very pretty and the ship building is intuitive.  If you don't read any guides, the game doesn't guide you through the process of building a ship.  It's all about exploring, experimenting, failing, and finally figuring things out.You will die, you will lose your ship, you'll start over and build better, stronger, faster.  There are many helpful people about in the world and many others who are a little... less than helpful, but that's par for the course.The starting areas, or any area with more than four people building ships, are extremely laggy.  But that in itself doesn't mean the game is unplayable.  I enjoy it and I'm looking forward to waht the Devs have coming up."
76561197999338064,Recommended,322780,32150327,Posted: 3 June,all,Monarkh,YES
,Recommended,322780,32151223,Posted: 3 June,all,Errons1,"This is a review for a closed beta. Many thing are not desided and will change(Sorry for bad English, but I hope you understand what I write :) )TL;DR This game is chilling and fun! I will maby wait and see if the game goes in the right direction before buying.The mechanics are easy and the people I have met soo far is nice and helpfull!Long review:I have followed the game since last year summer and have going slowly forward in the good way, I find the some of comunity kind of comfused since they think they are playing a finished game and write a bad review cause the game is half baked game. Its a beta, and it is not finished!The game is funny and the UI is very easy to understand. It is not overwhelming eather nor to simple. The grapich make the game chilling with this wounderfull compsed music. The players I have met soo far have respect and will help/trade if you asking nice.The servers are not bad (I think) It just that it has more player than they predicted and the team is working on a Long-term solution. But I died a few time cause of serverlag. while flaying my ship :/ .The idea behind that every island is player made is ***** awesome!!!!!! The Island I have been on is nice and has smal secrete one them. The charm behind broken ships on everyplace freeks me out and make a good atmosphere around the lore behind the awesome world!I hope this helped some fo you guys! Stay good and play fair!!!!"
,Recommended,322780,32963419,Posted: 28 June,all,Schlork,"This game is extremely fun, but better if you have friends with you."
76561198058031555,Recommended,322780,32613734,Posted: 21 June,all,LD-LB,"TLDR:The game is fun by yourself and with friends. You wont be able to avoid pvp encounters. This community created islands are beautiful. The game is sorta hardcore, you can nearly everything if you not careful (you have a belt that you dont drop upon death). The biggest bug is the loading lag which can cause you to be thrown off your ship and sometimes crash into islands (if your flying directly at them). I would recomend if your eager to play, if not wait a little longer till things get ironed out more.This game has a lot of potential in it and is a very fun game to play by yourself or with friends. Currently what you do in the game is explore islands made by the community and build/upgrade your ship along the way. That might seem boring but it really isn't, it's really fun to explore the beautiful hand-crafted islands searching for loot chests and knowledge nodes.--------Playing solo so far.The game is orintated for playing with multiple people but it's definetly playable solo. All my hours are played solo so far (54.4) and i havent really had a problem that i wasnt able to fix, such as detering massive ships fireing upon me, random noobs trying to steal my ship, and the large swarms of flying manta's trying to eat me and my engines. Other people would call these types of problems griefers and what not but this game is a little more hardcore than it looks it can be very easy too lose everything. This game has the difficulty level of rust on a vanilla server. if you plan to play solo you have to design a ship that is made for a solo player, one with asseablity, small & nimble. I wouldnt reccomend having a massive ship as a solo player.--------Bugs?This game definetly has it bugs which can be frustrating such as the loading lag(flying from island to island or wall) this lag can luanch you out of your ship due to physics and also be a major problem during pvp battles. the game has other bugs but are relatively small and arent as nearly as much of a problem this one is."
,Not Recommended,322780,33549448,Posted: 14 July,all,Spails,"This game sucks, it's just really not worth its price.First of, games that cost over $20 in early acess need to stop. Your game is not worth $20, and you develop it like it's a free to play game.Second off, the game itself is terrible. The ship building and swinging around on islands is probably the best part about the game, but once you get to flying, it's all downhill.First off, the controls are just not responsive. I get it's not going to be as responsive as a car, it's a boat. I have a boat so I know what steering a boat is like, and this is not what steering a boat is like. Speeding up and speeding down is fine, but turning left and right and pitching up and down is awful. It takes about 3 seconds to actually respond to what you do, and it does it so slowly. Going up and down is okay, except it takes just as long to respond and when you stop pressing the up key the ship keeps going up without losing momentum.Second off, if you want to go through a windwall to the next zone, good luck. I've done just about everything every guide ever has said to do and I still die. The ship just decides to point down towards hell no matter what I do, so I end up building a ship just to waste it.This game is a great concept and has a lot of potential. However, it's so bad in its current state. The developers can't even use a real engine so they use Unity to develop it. It's pretty cool for a Unity game, but at the price they're charging for this it should be on a better engine."
76561198031903893,Not Recommended,322780,31963697,Posted: 25 May,all,scohp,"Ramphant duping of items.insanely prone to hacking.   Seriously what kind of multiplayer developer let's the client control it's own cooldown (pistol into machine guns type exploits).devs unresponsive to issues (seriously took over a week to respond to ""ship disappearing bugs"", in a game where your ship is literally your home/storage/bank).   When they are responsive they try to keep it on unofficial channels and as many as possible, leading to he/she said before telephone issues.the worst client server desync lag result I've seen.   leading to cheap deaths and similar.Devs are finally starting to react to PvPer balance issues._______That being said if you're looking for a space engineers type game, that is properly balanced to allow MMO like scale, and ACTUALLY has MMO like scale.   This will be a pretty good choice in the future.    Obviously into building games with my play time (hard), but I've had updates disabled for a while and they'll stay there for a long while longer untill the devs have something."
76561198208426337,Recommended,322780,34874463,Posted: 10 September,all,Shazoink,This game is a lot of fun with friends and has great physics and gameplay. The art style is beautiful and I highly recomend it.
76561198057124132,Recommended,322780,33646924,Posted: 19 July,all,Counter Culture Cody,"Very relaxing game, everywhere you go is new. A bit ruined by optimisation issues but was expected due to being EA."
76561198063164637,Recommended,322780,33653129,Posted: 19 July,all,TheShotz,"It is a Really Good Game fun to play, but the glitches that make you lose all your stuff and the people on the NA Servers are extremely toxic and really don't play nice, so if you wanna kill people and be killed a lot then by the game, if you don't want to die, join the EU server"
,Recommended,322780,33651644,Posted: 19 July,all,CrimsonTaco,"This game is amazing. Pros: Beautiful landscapes with plenty of variety, and a very large map. Pirates, which are very fun to fight off (But sometimes difficult when first starting). Not very much grinding for an MMO too, you can build a fully fledged ship in 30-60 minutes. Ships are very fun to build and finding schematics for new parts is always very exciting. Now for the Cons: Still very buggy,  high level pirates have full freedom to move to lower tiers to take out noobs (That could also be a pro for some people), Some bugs in particular are: Grapple not working (RARE), Ship being stuck in one spot (RARE), Ship parts being shot off, but colliding with each other sending your ship into the Abyss. Random people spawning on your ship (RARE(UNLESS THEY PUT A SPAWNER ON)). Dying from falling... 5 feet, then surviving a 100 ft fall. Thanks for reading and definetly buy this game, even with the bugs it has, it is still super fun and is being updated regularly."
76561198093320772,Recommended,322780,33536500,Posted: 14 July,all,Drawable,Although I do really enjoy this game at the start it is increadibly unfair and buggy making it so every time you die it will never be your fault.Cons - Might as well start with the major problems. The bugs in this game are the worst and result in your death weather it be falling through your ship while spawning or just randomly dying while climbing. This makes progress in the game increadibly slow and not fun when you are just trying to get off the island your on. This game is not really and MMO. Sure it has the bar at the bottom and the knowledge system but other than that its a sandbox open world game. Lag is a large problem as well. This is the servers fault not mine as it is still a beta game and laggy servers are to be expected but ships randomly stopping mid air for no reason and flying away even when you stopped it is really annoying. These ship issues do not help when trying to protect items or going through a deadly wind wall. Combat is also a pain sometimes as your starting weapon is not accurate and will result in you pretty much always dying to other players. Finally bubbles while building serve no purpose really not protecting you or your ship from anything.Pros - THIS GAME IS FUN! Not only are the graphics nice but the core gameplay of building ships and gaining knowledge is surprisingly fun as you have a large amount of freedom with the structure and design of your ship only being limited by your resorces. Exploration is key to gaining more knowledge and flying ships around for the first time is really immersive and fun. Even though you will die a lot you will have a belt to keep items in even when you die and its not too hard to get resorces back depending on what island you spawn on or near to.My opinion is to wait till the game fully releases. Sure the game is great now but it still has some pretty broken features and bugs that will put people off. Also the chances of you getting the game are low as they release game keys in batches meaning you can't buy it whenever. I bought the Captains Pack for this game not only for the items but to support the makers of this game as I feel it can become something really great if it is continued to be worked upon even after the full release of the game.My first review of this game was negative as I was in the early parts of the game where its a real pain to get anything done but once you get engines and wings it starts to get better.
,Recommended,322780,33551772,Posted: 14 July,all,Cyborg,"I am giving this a positive review primarily because of the potential this game has. Even this early in the alpha, it's a really fun game. HOWEVER, (pause for effect) the bugs it has right as of right now make it extremely frustrating to play. Since people are all about pros and cons list, I'll break it down.Pros:- Ship building is fun and you can make some really interesting ships- Material gathering isn't nearly as grindy as other games- Many of the islands are cool to walk around and navigating them is a fun challenge.- Some people don't like the tier system but I think it's great. I haven't made it to ""end game"" though so I can't tell you what there is to do after you get the good stuff.- People have complained that the community is a little toxic but I've had mostly good experiences so far- Though not the best quality, the pvp I've participated in was funCons: Primarily bugs- BEING GLITCH KILLED!!!- As fun as the islands are, the limited resources on some islands can make it frustrating. And if you get stuck with an island that makes heavier trees, it becomes a pain once you move up to engines.- The frame drops make me want to punt a baby.- If you're moving to a new island, prepared to have everything freeze up followed by you getting launched into the air and away from your ship.- As fun as ship building is, if you have angles the walls won't bend right and your ship will end up looking like sh*t.- Whenenever the island resets, your character suddenly develops Parkinson's disease and the whole screen shakes. God forbid you're trying to build a ship when this happens. And there's been a few times where it doesn't stop till I exit the game.Again, great game but if you're looking for flawless than look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,322780,33360945,Posted: 7 July,all,CRIMSON,Simple broken unity garbage    nothign in the preview ever happens   if oyu climbed a tree and someone cut it down it would throw you millions of miles away  or just kill you  they expect oyu to get to t2 without core upgrades  but you cant even pass the wall without the t2 upgrade.... even max weight ship basic core wings multiple engines  it will just throw you around  their is no progressing in this game   ♥♥♥♥ this garbage
76561197976504053,Recommended,322780,32190899,Posted: 4 June,all,Jelikal,"UPDATE: They have made some improvements including making it harder to scrap the shipyard. So there is progress and I am very glad to see it. Still needs work, especially in the optimization department. Still some griefer issues, but not as bad as previously. However, still no lock codes for containers or helm!!! With these changes, I can now recommend the game as there is definitely positive progress. Still needs work but is going in the right direction.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OLD REVIEW: I love the consept and was enjoying the game until they released the new batch of Beta keys. Once this happened all enjoyable playability went away. evey island had one or more ganges of 3 plus players running around and griefing everyone. build a shipyard and place it, start ship construction, someone runs in and salvages your shipyard in less time than it takes for you to hurt them enough to be a threat or they just kill you outright en-mass and salvage your shipyard. half built ship falls to the ground and you can't salvage anything off of it because all the parts are attached and you cannot salvage attached parts. This will happen several times in a few hours. Mind you, it takes an hour to gather the materials to build a new ship. so it went from being fun to an exersize in futility. Until locking containers and harder to destroy or reclaimable shipyards are introduced, and several other things which need addressing, it is not fun for an explorer anymore. it is only fun for griefers."
76561198110042699,Recommended,322780,33848868,Posted: 27 July,all,MLGbadass$$,"Its very fun hard at first but once your ship is built your able to get resources much faster and your able to progress through the game much faster. But the game is alot more fun with friends, I do not advise people who like playing by them selfs buy this game because you will struggle and most likely will get killed by a group of peole like i did."
76561198408509321,Recommended,322780,33853648,Posted: 28 July,all,AddeGamingYT,This Game Is Nice And Fun!
76561198028105367,Recommended,322780,33904801,Posted: 30 July,all,Combi_Christ,"Very unique game! Please add 3rd person to piloting the airships, 1st person is brutal and kinda kills the game for me."
,Recommended,322780,33900550,Posted: 30 July,all,L0ckers,"I started playing this in the early phase of closed beta.  The concept of this game is fresh to me and I was quickly cranking up the hours building and exploring.  Initially the games suffered from considerable performance bugs which are to be expected on a beta and regardless of the situation when you want to crack on and play this is very frustrating as it slows your progression.  The PVP is a bit harsh for beginners, implementing some small safeguards to ease new starters into the game can only be a positive.  Crafting information about material application and quality can only be found by browsing the internet, I get that this is an adventure game but the community will provide this information, so there may as well be some more basic information in the game to help beginners on their way.  Loved the concept of the crews, this was bugged when we were starting out, the ship crafting design tool is a great concept but requires some refining as it's very difficult to get your ship frame all straight.To conclude, this game has great potential, Bossa Studios are listening to the community so hopefully some of the basic frustrations can be ironed out to round the game off when it comes out of beta.  The game had a great soundtrack, is nice looking and it was very much enjoyable to play.  Definitely worth a try but consider that for the price that at this time it might not be the best bang for your buck."
,Recommended,322780,33888097,Posted: 29 July,all,Dreken,good game but hold off if your machine isnt high end and im talking gtx 960 minimum. i dont know if it was cpu lag but i had a quadcore at 4.6ghz lagging too
76561198303923745,Recommended,322780,33886975,Posted: 29 July,all,PeopleLion,So I bought the game and when I launch it stays on a black screen can someone help me?
,Recommended,322780,33867371,Posted: 28 July,all,Nefarious One,Started game....  Enjoyed lots of beauty and peace.... Built a ship... enjoyed lots of carnage and wreckage... Stand by for more...
,Recommended,322780,33878462,Posted: 29 July,all,Kelador,"Going to try and keep this opinion short and sweet.I was on the fence about this game on paper it has everything I like with 1 major flaw open world no rules PVP! I like PVP games but I honestly feel that there should be protection for new players and reading the reviews put me off buying this game at first.Boy am I glad I brought this game! its so much fun and the open world PVP is not bad in fact I have yet to run into any gankers in fact everyone I've come across has done nothing but help me.I play on the EU East server so I'm guessing the US server is full of people that just like to roam around and kill new players to compensate for having small assets but please dont let those players put you off trying this game as it is lots of fun.Technical stuff:Ok so the game is in beta however the bugs, glitches and very poor performance make this feel more like an alpha state so if you can over look these things and not judge/review a game which openly states it still in development by these faults give the game a shot if not wait until full retail release as reviewing a game poorly based on these things at this stage is not fair."
76561198055276999,Recommended,322780,33981697,Posted: 2 August,all,Ziwix,"Wonderful concept, became one of my favourite games even though it's in a buggy beta.One of the most engaged communities out there.Devs that answer your questions personally within minutes notice.Strongly recomend this for anyone who sees this review, seriously at least google it"
76561198053240380,Recommended,322780,34014009,Posted: 4 August,all,8th_Rct_Jack,"I've never good with reviews, I don't do the pros and cons thing because its early access, and its going to have cons. People say its a learning curve, which personally for me it was pretty self explanatory. Hostility, I have yet to encounter, but that could be because most the pop is in US EAST, and im US WEST. And met alot of helpful people. This game is really simple once you get the hang of it. I personally love the ship building, so I never get attached to my ships, so pvp for me is always welcome, as it just gives me an excuse to go out and build another. As for the bad reviews, its case by case lol Like I said, I havent encountered trolls, or griefers yet. And if you do, at the early start, where you havent found or got anything yet, TIP just make a new character and hope to spawn in a friendlier area, and not stick around for 3 hours and refund the game, just to blame the devs for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players."
,Recommended,322780,34006341,Posted: 3 August,all,Infinitynull,"This game has a lot of promise. Though it needs a lot of work. I would tell everyone to hold on, and be prepared to enjoy this game. Until then it has many bugs, fps problems and griefers."
76561198286402641,Recommended,322780,33991854,Posted: 3 August,all,Clone of Calcifer... Maybe.,"accidentally shot out helm, only to realize we had no resources on bourd to repair it... as we were flying through a storm wall. next 2 hours spent repairing. (limited to one direction and at one point had to destroy our own fuel tank just to stop the engines) Then we do our best to fight our way through the sand wall. 10/10 would get knocked around like a prize fighter only to come out the same side we entered again."
76561198025388919,Recommended,322780,34004728,Posted: 3 August,all,ShoePaste,"i really like where this game is going, but it has some big kinks to work out.  getting started takes way to long and youre kind of running around blind the whole time.  but over all i think this game could really become something great."
,Recommended,322780,34016961,Posted: 4 August,all,ggvrockman,"awesome game, but very unfinished, which i have no problem with seeing as its still in beta. if you dont like bugs then probably dont get this game in its current state."
,Recommended,322780,34086261,Posted: 7 August,all,🎃thicc dedede🎃,bugs can really ruin the experiance but if your patient it pays off
,Recommended,322780,33510684,Posted: 13 July,all,pixeltender,"Ok everybody just chill n give me yer ship ☼;P   JK, I'm realy a very nice player for a Pirate, I'll help noobs or whoever, Long as there not saying something cry cry,  or haven't bothered me before,  and I don't need what they got ☼;P  ,,,Pro's;  holy sweet inovation to gaming,,, realy impressive physics, nothing else like this,  Sailing is awsome, wind directions, sail luft, tacking,,, Cannons shoot great with trajectory affected by power,,, Swinging, grappling, trees fall n crush you or your friends ☼;) The ship builder is realy cool giving your ship  those nice curves she deserves, I mean come on were fly'n custom airships we build (not to hard to build at that) shoot'n cannons at eachother Fantastic!OK's; the comunity realy is just fine people, sure theres some griefers (Real Pirates arr'nt griefers, have ye know) theres a differance in taking what you want with fun jest and just harrassing n using exploits to harrass) granted I have tested a ramming design or two n cannons on some poor undiserving souls, I'de like to see the collision mechanics improved a bitCon's; Updates exist but I would realy like to see more attion twards development, the shipyard crash bug in particular (hate losing ships to that) and fixing exploits, specificaly the timed explosives used as a means of boarding players ships by grappling to a metal node n blowing yourself to top of map then gliding werever you want...All n All; 10 thumbs up, n please pursue development of this very fun and inovative game Devs."
,Recommended,322780,34094967,Posted: 7 August,all,DylMan62,"I LOVE this game. The time I've spent with 2 friends, building a ship and sailing the skies was amazing. In my experience the the community is not toxic at all, no one spawn camps and everyone I've met so far has given me advice and free stuff. Honestly, the game does have it's flaws like lag spikes and weird bugs (like the infamous ""death by decks,"" don't worry, you'll learn what that is soon enough. But really, besides it's shortcomings I see huge potential in Worlds Adrift. I think it is a little too expensive but I am really excited for the future of this game."
76561198084038321,Recommended,322780,33856065,Posted: 28 July,all,MiniEinz,"I highly recommend this game.8/10 Currently (Bugs and what not, also lag issues -2)It's an awesome game idea and the developers have done a really good job with the design and physics of the game.In this game you can do what you want, you can be a pirate, trader a millitary or whatever, but it's more fun to explore than to plunder in my opinion.Worlds Adrift is a game about discovery, exploration and getting the best ship you can, to do that you need to explore and scan different islands and learn blueprints for new bits and pieces to put on your ship such as wings, engines, canons and propellers.For a game that's in Closed beta currently it's a really good game.Edit: Also I've played the game for over 33 Hours and still haven't met one pirate / hostile person in EUW."
,Not Recommended,322780,32124550,Posted: 2 June,all,Gen0,"Updated review - game has so much work needed to be finished. Do not recommend until developers step up there game. Also, developers have came off as ""working with the community"" - they have not been and are silent for the most part."
76561198090482275,Recommended,322780,33691738,Posted: 21 July,all,Admiral-Larry,1. Logged on2. My ships gone (bear in mind it is impossible to lock your ship for any length of time)3. Spawn on a new island4. build a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ new ship5. get crushed repeatedly by glitchy falling piece of board and die losing all new materials6. repeat until sedated7. finally leave the island8. get rekt by a huge tier 4 ship9. cry in a corner
,Not Recommended,322780,33334937,Posted: 6 July,all,Tim Burns,"Right now the game is very rough. A lot of people will say the griefers are the main issue, however the biggest thing that will kill you is lag. Flying on your ship, you will lag off and die, going through a wall, lag and die, think you are safe, lag into a chest and die. Die, Die, Die. Get 35 knowledge, then have a tree fall on you and die. Respawn and cut down another tree, bugs don't like that and kill you, you die again. It is fun though. Just in it's current state I would wait to pull the trigger on purchasing it.- Update.- I changed this to a not recommend. Until this game gets more balanced it is not worth purchasing. If you have a large crew to play with it can be fun. But if you are a solo player you will not have the ability to really play the game. You cannot secure your ship when you go to an island so your loot will be stolen. You will spend hours grinding for knowledge (the in game xp to advance your ship building) and it will literally be scanning a rock over and over for hours at a time. This game is a huge grind. I finally just gave up and uninstalled. Just look at the player numbers to realize how little traction this game is maintaining. Give it some time and come back to it. But as it stands it is not worth the cost in early access."
,Recommended,322780,34311229,Posted: 17 August,all,gandAlf,"I started this game on an island with my friend, we decided to make our first ship with two sails.I went with the canoon tree and my friend the engine oneEventually we got our first engines and tried to get through the first windwall. We thought we were making it but we were just stuck. So we do this three times and every single try fails. We rage quit and later I make my own ship and make it through ( he does the same).This game has been amazing..."
,Recommended,322780,34481097,Posted: 25 August,all,Vale,"Cool concept. There will be less than 200 people in your server, and more than half of those people will grief you. If you really wanna play, find a group, and pray you dont run into a hacker, or lose frames while flying. Air boat fights are pretty fun, if you have decent fps.Edit:  They've done a few ban waves to get rid of some of the hackers."
76561198042003414,Recommended,322780,34598757,Posted: 29 August,all,Selkies,The solo experience really doesn't compare to playing with at least one friend. Suprisingly fleshed out for an early access game with limited keys. Expect to die a lot from weird physics and freezes and don't become too attached to your loot/boat.Overall the core gameplay is incredibly fun.
,Not Recommended,322780,33049954,Posted: 30 June,all,Pantallicus,"First Impressions, this is a great game. The ship building is very fun ( For the most part) and the flying mechanics and physics are interesting. Player interaction is like any other survival game, either they ignore you, are friendly, or are pirates looking to destroy your ship. My first review was very positive, having only played the game for 12 hours at that time, my opinion was a little premature. So  in its current state I couldnt tell you that the game is worth buying.Pros:1. Fun ship building2. Great in game physics3. Huge player created open world.Cons1. You start the game with a skycore (generates lift and determines the weight capacity of your ship). Unfortunately you NEED to upgrade this, and the upgrades are so rare, you have a better chance of asking other players to load the schematics for you. (you dont get to keep these schematics, so if you lose your ship, back to square 1)2. Your ships are very fragile in the early/midgame. You WILL spend 5+ hours building a ship that can and WILL be destroyed in 5 minutes. This will happen to you, its as sure as falling when learning to ride a bike. (oh and bye bye skycore upgrades, hope you meet that cool guy that gave them to you again)3. You cannot play this game solo in the late/mid game. This is debatable, but you have to be reeeealy good at videogames, because piloting/shooting/refilling your fuel all at the same time is next to impossible.4. You will waste alot of real time. Travel and grinding take up alot of your time in the game. And after the beginning hype of building your first ship and crossing some windwalls falls off, the game feels kind of stunted due to the effort to fun ratio.So to conclude, no this game is currently unplayable, and I wouldn't reccomend this game to anyone looking for a flight survival/crafting game. But im sure you're going to buy it anyway, cause you see potential, and for that all i can say is good luck and im sorry for your frustration in advance."
,Not Recommended,322780,31947197,Posted: 25 May,all,GhostfaceUrkel,Needs to be optimized and the frame drops need to be addressed.
76561198063388018,Recommended,322780,34354948,Posted: 19 August,all,Salty Sis' 4U,"A great game, even if still in development. Tricky to figure out initially, there's nothing more relaxing than drifting through the skies on a sail-driven iron kite. I will say though, while not common as it used to be, it really sucks for newbies when veteran players try to act as pirates in the spawning zones for fresh meat...Scan everything you can, focus on getting knowledge, keep your favorite building materials in your belt.3 metals of choice, 1 wood stack, 1 torch or other small items.This is the belt of an explorer and it'll not give you a pistol to carry, but... It'll minimize losses upon death and make pirating your face less worthwhile."
,Recommended,322780,34404724,Posted: 21 August,all,Nim,Exploration is pretty brill.
,Not Recommended,322780,35066219,Posted: 19 September,all,SnowPaw,I love the idea of Worlds Adrifts. However as you progress through the game you get to experience frozen screens and you will see them a lot. The only reason that I do not play this game often is the bugs that I am experiencing and since I started playing it did not decrease.The worst part of it all is as you get better ships as the number of items on your ship increase your fps drops significantly. Also if your ship gets faster you start to experience frozen screens more and more because of the speed that you need to load islands increases.So if you want to play this game you need to spend ton of time because of the frozen screens you will wait will take the most time of your gameplay.
,Not Recommended,322780,33062271,Posted: 30 June,all,Dota GOD,"When the duping is fixed, i'll play again.  500+hrs"
76561198407318491,Not Recommended,322780,35195152,Posted: 24 September,all,Jaymz Harkonnen,"**EDIT**I'd left a glowing review before, but have to change it now due to the direction this game seems to be taking- slow movement from the devs/mods on anything important, and lightning fast reactions to minor, useless matters- they allow people to use game exploits without ANY ramifications- all the issues combined have caused for tiny player numbers online (like 100 peak some nights oover 4 servers....)So I cannot reccomend this game anymore, spending 40 bucks on it would be a total ripoff."
76561198413919330,Not Recommended,322780,35195023,Posted: 24 September,all,Ordos,"**EDIT**Removed old review. Cannot reccomend game based on devs direction (or lack thereof). No roadmap, no plan, no ideas, no clue.Hoping I can change this one day, but not holding my breath at this point."
,Not Recommended,322780,33379499,Posted: 8 July,all,テ  Ｂａｓｔｉｏｎ  ち,"I love this game. I do not recommend it, however. The developers are A-Okay with people duping resources and using it for their own benefit, AS LONG as they report it. It ruins the experience for newer players and legitimate players alike. Why even play when an extremely high level and entirely duped ship that took maybe 5 minutes to build can easily sink your ship that took hours upon hours to gather resources. The game is a great game, pulled off well, but the duping, and the developer's inability to respond to the problem of duping ruins the experience."
76561198183899122,Recommended,322780,32965998,Posted: 28 June,all,EliteHades,"just bought the game roughly 3 hours ago, played it... It was fun, waiting for the game to load after I created my character!Day 3: I've figured out that commiting suicide will solve the issue. But every time i load the game, I don't want to commit suicide and lose my progress like I have every time I build a ship. I've tried to build 7 seven ships. I quit because I get forcefully disconnected."
76561198280434427,Not Recommended,322780,33805698,Posted: 26 July,all,MoJeanz,is the lag gone?
76561198151956731,Not Recommended,322780,35033929,Posted: 17 September,all,no hope left,Its the most funnest game ever....designed somewhat meh right now. I think it needs more development and design.Check it out maybe in a year?
,Recommended,322780,34875370,Posted: 10 September,all,Monolisk,"this game has a long way to go but i genuinely love the idea behind it and the feel of the game.Positive:The biomes are fun to explore never really knowing what you'll find on the islands, there are tons of defferent parts and mods to make your ship as unique as you want it to be and weight limits force you to actually go out and brave dangerous skies to keep progressing.the wildlife are insanely annoying as they should be to an intruder violating their homes (some will attack you for harvesting trees and others are agitated by the sound of engine noise).the character and ship controls feel great, grappling and gliding around the islands is smooth but can occasionaly screw you if you end up being to far to grapple onto a ledge resulting in falling to your death.Negative:character physics are a little wonky at times which can result in you getting killed for simply landing on the wrong flat surface (for example i landed on top of my fuel tank on my ship and as i went to step off i just died from full health)Summary:Recent patches have fixed most of the lag spikes from travelling between islands, its still there but its nowhere near as bad as it was and is easier to manage now.Worlds adrift has an active community and is always being updated and worked on which is nice to see in an early access game since so many others just fall to the side."
