user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,322920,15142863,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SD149,"===ANOTHER UPDATE===The birds are completely fixed now and no longer pick you up and drop you from a height and kill you. They'll only do that now when you're on low health so it's much better.The game has improved since my last update, the triceratops now act like rhinos instead of deer which is much better.===UPDATE===They've updated the birds and the game is once again enjoyable as long as you stay away from the volcano (where the birds spawn).But I still stand by my comments about it not being a release spec game, this is still the quality of an early access game by far.========================================REVIEW ON FIRST DAY OF RELEASE:In early access this game was brilliant. On release however, they added the new flying dino with a strange name which I can't remember...The new species has ruined the balance of the game, it'd been added with little to no thought whatsoever. It's a rushed release. In it's current state, I would not buy the game. I won't be playing it in it's current state either. The game used to be challenging but enjoyable, now it's overly challenging with you dying 10 times an hour and eventually rage quitting with nothing enjoyable about it. I'd rather take on a T-Rex than the over powered birds. With a T-Rex, you can hear it, you can see it coming, you have a chance. These birds, you'll probably shoot it once it'll grab you and drop you from a height and you die and there's nothing you can do about it.There are still crashes, tons of glitches, this is no where near a ""release spec"" game. Don't buy the game unless they've updated it and fixed the above."
76561198008414102,Not Recommended,322920,15139972,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DamZe,"There are simply too many unresolved balancing mechanics, and features missing for this to be labeled as a ""full"" release. As much as I love the concept, the execution here is flawed, and you will soon find these flaws as you progress playing. For now I am sad to have to give this game a thumb down, it has ways to go before I can call it a good game."
,Not Recommended,322920,16124914,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Pirix Gaming,"they stopped, just walk away from here don't bother the game is no longer going to be updating. Was great for the time being and i've done so many hours of stream for this game."
76561198093887142,Not Recommended,322920,16141145,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,bluejay8633,"First off, this IS NOT a terrible game by any means. There is a lot of potential. I however would not suggest it due to the fact that there is so little to do. You can kill a few dinosaurs and go on about your business. You'll get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a few times, because of the occasional spawn kill but it gets boring. Not a high enough loot drop ratio to make things entirely fair and/or  interesting. Once you kill some t-rex's and trikes everything is boring from my perspective. If you've been eye-balling this game like I was, just wait a while because, as of right now, it's not worth $30. Just my opinion, take it with a grain of salt."
,Not Recommended,322920,19122947,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Thomas Jefferson,"While the concept behind this game has potential, the developers seem to have abandoned the development. It feels very empty, predictable, and lacking features you would expect in this kind of game. The devs expressed to the players that they will develop this game over time, yet that has not been the case at all. The only update I have seen in the several months I have owned it is a few rare dino skins; hardly a feature to make it worth waiting for updates for.As with others that have reviewed this game, it seems like the devs have baited players to purchase this game, only to use the funds to continue work on their free-to-play conterpart: The Hunter.I must say that until the devs actually commit resources to further development, I cannot, and do not recommend this game to ANYONE!SLIGHT UPDATE: This game still sucks as of 8/2016. The only other update to this game since I have owned it was to add missing sounds back in January.My recommendation is still for everyone to avoid this game and developer!If you're looking for a dino game, I suggest that you check out ""Primal Carnage: Extinction"" instead. It's not a fantastic game, but it's much better than this pile of garbage!"
,Not Recommended,322920,16152137,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Pickler,"Wanting to go on a free vacation? Simply follow these five easy steps:1. release Early Access video game based on existing game premise/engine2. state you plan on adding the most minimal amount of content possible early on so you have an excuse to not do anything when game is ""fully released""3. make bank4. go on vacation5. Sweden YES"
76561197993433253,Not Recommended,322920,15144401,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ʇoןɐsǝʌıuʞ,"God d****t, god f*****g d****t it happened again.Another product not ready for release.[EDIT3]: I would like to update this review to address some of the points brought up by some reviewers who have thumbed up this game:1) People who thumb down this game are little kids who just want call of duty can can't handle the difficulty of this game.My response: Um, hello? Have you been playing this game?  It's seriously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly easy now.  I have no idea what you are talking about.  Yes, things used to be very dangerous, you used to have to actually hunt, but now you can just run full speed through the forest and if anything comes at you all you have to do is step to the side or next to a rock and because of the crappy pathing you can just blow anything away COD stye.  Let me just say for those that have not yet bought this game, anyone who makes this argument has no idea what they are talking about.  I mean seriously, there's one guy on here with like 500 hours on this game saying that . . . 500 ♥♥♥♥ing hours . . . 500 ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS! 500 ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS IN A ♥♥♥♥ING HALF BAKED EARLY ACCESS WITH 5 ♥♥♥♥ING DINOSAURS THAT PRETTY MUCH JUST RANDOMLY WALK AROUND!  500 ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS!!!! ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING KIDDING ME?!?!  I PLAYED THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF SKYRIM WITH LIKE A BILLION CHARACTERS, WEAPONS, QUESTS, ETC. AND I COULD ONLY DO 300 HOURS AND YOU'RE ♥♥♥♥ING TELLING ME YOU PUT IN 500 ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS WITH LIKE A FEW ♥♥♥♥ING  WEAPONS AND 5 ♥♥♥♥ING DINOSAURS THAT ALMOST DO ♥♥♥♥ING NOTHING.  This game is not ♥♥♥♥ing better than Skyrim.  Don't waste your money.2) Yeah they shouldn't have released this game and yeah they messed up on the release update but they are trying to fix it so everything will be ok.My response: I think you are delusional.  They are trying to fix the update because they haven't gotten any money because of all the negative reviews.  That is the only reason they have responded.  So let me explain what's really going on.  This is a cash grab.  The developers are trying to pull a fast one on us by making this very flashy appearing game that we have all been desiring for a long time, make it barely playable, release it as a full game, and rake in the doe as people buy this game thinking its something it's not.  They know exactly what they are doing and there will be nothing further added on to the game once they make it playable again after those f****** birds.  Furethermore, even if they fix the game from the update that's not the problem, the problem is that they are trying to rip us off by trying to make this whole debacule ok.  Well it's not ok babe.  So for those who haven't bought this yet, don't waste your money.Chasing the early access dragon never pays off; I swear I will never do early access again.[EDIT]:  I hope this is an April fools joke.[EDIT2]: Nope not an April fools joke. Also, this is not a pre-release review!I just don't understand, this game has so much potential, it is so awesome even when it was early access.  Why release it now when it clearly is alpha?So let me go through some of the clear issues real fast:1) As another review said, they just released a new dinosaur. . . untested. . .2) The entire island is made of predators (except the triceratops) . . .3) There are no interaction between dinosaurs (no t-rex eating raptors etc.)4) you can easily step to the side and are invulnerable to the raptors due to primitive pathing.5) AI in general is meh.  Dinosarus just walk around aimlessly until they sense a player and either run away or run towards them.  Sometimes you might be hunted by a raptor which is cool right up til you simply step to the side and blow him away cause he's a complete retard.6) No real survival mechanics despite the claim in the discription.  As far as survival mechanics go, you just get weapons and shoot at poorly AI driven lizards.7) Sounds have no direction so you cannot tell where the dinosaurs are comming from.  You just know they are somewhere around you.8) Primitive hunting mechanics that are not explained at all.  There's cammo you can find but I'm not sure it actually does anything, nothing with smells as far as I can tell, and sounds are a factor but are prone to glitches.  A.k.a. it is impossible to hide from a T-Rex.  You can track dinosaurs and there is sign but it's obvious, takes no real effort, and your gps does all the work somehow for you.9) The characters look like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hipsters who have some fetish for taking weird selfies with whatever they've managed to kill on this island. DX  Makes me want to get eaten.10) There are so many things that obvously need to be put into the game for a full release but aren't its seriously depressing.  I mean this game could be good, like really really good.Basically I would recommend this game if and only if it was put back into early access and reasonably regular updates happened over the course of a year or two.  That is what we all expected and were happy with.  I mean seriously I'm perfectly fine with a game taking time to develop as long as reasonable progress is made.While this game has amazing potential, I cannot in good faith recommend it because it is alpha and should NOT be considered a full release.[EDIT]: And these god d**n birds have ruined everything.  Seriously I'm pretty sure this release is an early April fools joke because this is ridiculous.  I mean seriously unbelieveable.  If it is just a joke I will update this review to a recommend.[EDIT2]: Nope not April fools joke.  And you know what the worst part is?""We are satisfied with how the Early Access phase went, with comminuty's help we managed to develop and implement everything we planned and promised when we set off on this journey three and a half months ago - two new dinosaur species, PVP and team support, player XP, in-game currency and store, localization in 13 languages, two new weapons and lots of tweaks and fixes. ""So comming strait from the Dev's mouth here's how all this went down:First they came to the community with a concept that seemed great.  Then in three + months they added ""two new dinosaur species, PVP and team support, player XP, in-game currency and store, localization in 13 languages, two new weapons and lots of tweaks and fixes"", said the game was done and decided to charge $30 instead of the early access $20 (so apparently according to the Devs what actually amounts to a tiny bit of content and basic functionality is worth $10 percopy in and of itself).Well let's just say you need to do a lot more than that to finish a game."
,Recommended,322920,13375475,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Guru,"In laymans terms, this game mixes the Carnivores experience with a survival aspect. I found myself listening very closely for cues about nearby dinosaurs, as well as looking for dangerous foliage. The sound in this game is so excellent, it's hard to describe in words.This is one of the few dinosaur games in a long time that feels 'serious', in my opinion. There are a fair share of bugs (rubberbanding dinosaurs, some collision issues), but for 85% of the game, you more than likely wont notice an issue.This game fills a void that I have been longing to satiate for years. Highly recommended!Check out the video for a hands-on look (no terrible BG music or lame voiceovers, I promise!)http://www.twitch.tv/gamethesison/b/599497190EDIT: I'll leave this anecdotal part here5 minutes in, a Tyrannosaur charged me, drug me down a mountain, and feasted on my body. 10/10 would die again"
76561198154078334,Not Recommended,322920,15201473,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,jpaulsen10,"****** DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ****** ****** DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ****** ****** DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ******This game is absolutley terrible, it is underdeveloped, unplanned and was obviously just a quick scheme to get some funds for the company.The IDEA for the game was good, and I really tied to like it, but the application was horrific (I'm listing 10 reasons below)1. They simply took the engine of the previous theHunter game and added a few dinosaurs, no improvements on the engine or any attempt to make the game actually exciting (So yes I'm saying 99% of the time the game is Very BORING).2. Your character can't carry more than 20KG, which is not nearly enough in comparison to the amount of bullets it takes to kill a single dinosaur (once I shot a triceretops with 23 bullets before it dropped, and that is only ONE dinosaur, it took me about week in real life to gather all those bullets). I managed to kill 2 T-rex's due to the Clipping bug where they got stuck in the wall. They either have to make the dinosaurs weaker, add more bullets, or add more backpack space.3. Your character dies 90% of the time with a single attack, a T-rex (one blow and you're dead), the Quetzalcoatlus picks you up and throws you down and you're dead, the Utahraptor comes in packs of 5 or 6 so unless you're carrying a vast amount of bullets, surving them is rather slim (but carrying a lot of bullets is also extremely unlikley since you have a 20KG limit)4. You start off with a machete, which does practically no damage at all. They wan't to give you the ""feel"" of a survival game, but no options to build a shelter or a place to store bullets and guns you've picked up (since you're sitting with limited space on you as a person), also no place to purchase more bullets once you run out.5. The game has a purchasing system where you get money for every kill (upon spawing ONLY), but you have to be an incredibly high level to be able to unlock decent guns, which is very stupid since you start off most of the time getting killed in the first 10 minutes (because you have no way to defend yourself properly).6. Running is a severe problem since the character is so slow, he only sprints for 100mtrs and takes forever to regenerate his stamina. Your character weights 60KG in the game and normally people that weight can sprint a LOT further since they have no extra body weight to carry.7. There are practically only carnivores in the game, which makes no sense at all (Apart from the triceretops). If there are only carnivores, what exactly do THEY eat? The had to add a lot more herbivores as well example: Galimimus (for the herd effect), Brachiosaurus (big game hunting), stegosaures etc.8. If it is supposed to be a hunting game, then your character must be able to look at tree bark to check for trails, you must be able to climb trees to be able to shoot the dinosaurs from above, little shelters close to watering holes. I honestly think the developers themselves never even went hunting once.9. As mentioned in section 2, dinosaurs have the capabilities to fly and travel through solid objects like rocks, but of course YOU dont. Your character cant even jump over small objects (since there is no such option), making climbing the volcano mountain in the middle of the map extremely tedious and it takes MUCH longer than what it would in real life (Also I think the developers never climbed a mountain in their lives either).10. The game (if you still want to call it that) is REALLY EXPENSIVE $29.99, with the same amount of money you can purchase much better games than this on Steam, since the developers aren't sure if they wanted to release a HUNTING game or a Survival game. So they took the worse out of both genres, added an insane price tag to it and sold it to the community. They ripped people off with theHunter, and now they're ripping people off with theHunter:PrimalI normally don't complain about bad purchases, but seriously DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THEIR MARKETING (as I was), rather spend your money on something else.****** DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ************ DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ************ DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ******"
76561198069410693,Recommended,322920,17842717,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Tintin,"The Hunter Primal. After reading dozens of reviews, and playing it for a few dozen hours myself I have come to some conclusions about the game. First off this is NOT a game for EVERYONE. Are you patient? This is arguably the most expensive tramping simulator out there... No kidding! There have been times when I've tramped for over an hour and not seen a Dino or anything of real interest except very beautiful scenery, but even that can get old. Or, you can load the game up and stumble across several T-Rex or half a dozen Raptors that tear you to shreds and cause you to lose all your gear that you've spent over ten hours collecting.A lot of people review the game negatively based upon the fact the game ""isn't finished"". The game is perfectly playable and enjoyable as it is, and is indeed ""finished"" it isn't however very ""polished"" and a few areas of the game could do with vast improvement, in fact a lot of areas could. If you need a slick, styled, polished game, this probably isn't for you. This game however is extremely immersive, and also very lonely.One of the great reasons for this game is the sense of abandonment, the aloneness, even with other players in the game. It's a harsh environment, there's big creatures out to kill and eat you, weapons are scarce and ammo is scarcer. It really does get the adrenaline going, which is a definite pro.Some say the game is easy, some say the game is hard. The game is both and neither. The difficulty is based on serveral variable factors, your skill at FPS, your gear (guns, ammo level, camo), your environment (jungle, plains, hills etc..), and the ammount and type of dinos around at the time. Sometimes it's near impossible to even stay alive, other times you're tramping around shooting things without a worry or care in the world. This is enjoyable as at times you can relax at times you need to focus more.All in all I enjoy this game very much, I wish there were more types of dinosaurs, and some parts were more polished but I very happily recommend it to people who fit the criteria above. Load up! Lets go hunting!"
,Recommended,322920,13379888,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,"Allen ""Captain"" Grant","I Alt-F4'd as a Tyrannosaur sprinted towards me.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5Gs15Y7UN8Full Review:Now that I have at least an hour under my belt, my initial impressions are as follows:Pros:1)Superb Sound design and stage. The forests and wildlife sound authentic, and the dinosaurs don't use recycled soundbytes from other games/movies.2)Graphical fidelity is great, but it's nothing to write home about.3)The difficulty is refreshing and adds a feeling of helplessness as you're pursued by otherworldy creatures.4)Based on the developer's track record, this game won't be abandonded. I'm looking at you, The Stomping Land.Cons:1)It's immediately clear that this isn't a finished product and requires more content. In most instances the game will spawn you next to one of the three available dinosaurs, which loses its charm after being mauled several times.2)I haven't been able to host or join multiplayer sessions. This will most likely be patched within the coming days before Christmas.3)Key-Binding seems to be a bit unorthodox. I found myself rebinding most of the default keys to more comfortable orientations to suit my casual play-style.4)Odd instances of AI-behavior and glitches. Despite being well-hidden, dinosaurs are inclined to walk directly towards you and into your line of sight; I also died in a pond reaching only my thighs.5)The Island is very large, but it still lacks a great deal of polish. More folliage and natural landscaping would do wonders for this game.Final thoughts:If you're thinking of picking up this game, wait until more content is introduced. Ultimately, I picked this up as a future investment, and because I just love me some dinah-saours. Consider this a future recommendation."
,Recommended,322920,13464072,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MC_Strelok,"Me and this guy were walking around and saw a T-Rex, so we went prone. The giant god damn reptile walked right over us while we were laying there ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ our pants. When we thought we were safe, we slowly crawled away. After a few seconds passed, I heard a screen shaking, eardrum popping, massive sounding roar as I turned around to see my friend get devoured by a reptillian Satan. The beast then looked to me. We locked eyes for a moment, and a sense of understanding moved through me. It was then that the beast moved unto me, roared in my face, and ate me.10/10, would die again.But now for an actual review.After puting an extensive amount of time playing the game, I feel that I am ready to give a completely honest and full fledged review. This game, at its core, is very hit or miss. Some people will love it, while others will instantly denounce it for being too hard or a cash grab. While I believe the game is well worth the money, don't take my word for it. I will attempt to give the pros and cons of the game in a completely unbiased fashion, so that you may form your own opinion about the game before you buy it.PROS:1. World and Atmosphere. This game couples amazing sound design with stunning visuals creates an amazing immersive world. You can hear T-Rexes stomping around from miles away, and spot Quezalcoatluses flying in the sky before they have a chance to see you. While this does add to the immersion, it also rewards attentive players who can see a threat before it even knows they exist.2. Weapons and Damage Models. The weapons of Primal are very grounded in reality. All weapons match to their respective ammunition types and every weapon looks, sounds, and feels like an actual weapon. Firearms are loud, bows have believable ballistics, and everything feels very solid. Coming from someone who is very experienced with firearms, I can attest to the realism of this game's weapons. Also, being based on a realistic hunting game, Primal's damage models are very precise. Heart shots are king, while general body/gut shots will not instantly drop most of Primal's beasts. Overall, the guns are good.3. The Actual Gameplay. Primal's gameplay is very intense, You can go from walking through a peaceful field to being chased by Utahraptors in mere seconds. This isn't a casual game. Deaths are punishing while kills are immensly rewarding. Even with high level gear, carelessness is often punished with death.CONS:1. Bugs. While the games stability has been immensely improved, the game still has lots of bugs. It wil crash every so often, and movement is very finicky. Also, the only servers are hosted through other player's internet connections, resulting in high pings and short lived servers.2. Developement. Until recently, this game had been declared dead by most. The developers of this game are very invested in other projects and seem to view Primal of a sort of hobby on the side. On the up side, they have issued a survey for players to take and have also decided to try and tackle some of the bugs. Even though the game has officially released, they still intend on giving it regular updates.CONSENSUS: Primal is a great concept, but it is still in the making. While basic gameplay is good, there are still things that need to be ironed out and content that should be added in. While I understand some negative reviews, I believe that many of them portray this game in a bad light. Many people simply expect things from the game that it simply cannot offer. There isn't crafting or base building (as of yet) because the game is developed and marketed as a dinosaur hunting game. But, in the end, it is for you to decide. If you enjoy challenging or intense games, this is for you. If you're looking for another Primal Carnage of Orion: Prelude, then you will be dissapointed."
76561198008441499,Not Recommended,322920,16037871,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,kourcha,The game is not finished by any means
,Not Recommended,322920,15213926,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,CannibalNinja,"Sorry to say, I'm very dissapointed with this game. I went in with high expectations, i mean after all, a survival game with Dinos? that sounds amazing! sad to say it was not.Mainly, there isn't enough content. I can't believe they would call this finished. There are none of your typical survival game aspects in here at all. No base building, trap building, crafting, hunger, nothing.You spend the whole game wandering this GIANT map, (which wouldnt be such an issue if you didnt walk slower than a crippled grandmother), trying to find supply boxes (which mind you, are NO WHERE near eachother) in order to defend yourself against near impossible to kill dinosaurs. Then, hopefully, if you manage to stay alive long enough, you can freely track and hunt the dinosaurs. Thats it. seriously, thats all.Not to mention there are only a grand total of 5 dinosaurs in the game. all of which are carnivores. (minus the Triceratops) and if you get spoted by a Utahraptor, you are pretty much screwed. you have limited defense, and you can't run very far or fast. Its irritating.The enviroment could use some cleaning up aswell. As much as they are beautiful, and perfect for screenshots and such, they aren't very functional for gameplay. most of the map has very steep hills, making it seem like the player shouldn't be there. Its very rocky, making it difficult to manuver. Most of the terrain is uneven, water clips through the beaches at places it shouldnt, the water randomly gets deep in some spots and seeing as you can't swim, also makes it hard to move across some beaches, and rivers/streams. Not to mention you can't jump.You also cant carry very much, which becomes problematic, if you cant store your ammo anywhere. Especially when you usually spend mostof the game with far more ammo than weapons. (and more ammo for weapons you dont have)Honestly, I'm very dissapointed. The idea for this game was great, but it's far from finished and is lacking severly in content. ESPECIALLY when they want $30 for it.dont waste the money."
,Not Recommended,322920,15144960,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TigerXtreme,"As many of you have noticed in the reviews on March 31, this game is finnaly out of its (quote)EARLY ACCESS(qoute) and I must say that it is terrabey unbalanced. To call this game a full release is a joke, they only added 2 dinosaurs in the short months when it was announced. One is just a shrunken verison of a dinosaur already in game and the other was an untested flying pterodactyl that is near impossable to defend yourself against. And I know its called something else but I'm usying the more well know name because I can't even pronounce its name in-game.For new players it sucks because when you first load up the game you cannot buy anything since you have no money, your level 0 and the only thing your pod gives you to defend yourself is a machete that honestly is as usefull as a wiffle bat.It really hurts me to give this game a thumbs down because I love dinosaurs but I cannot defend this title because of the asinine choices that where made preemptively during this game's development.P.S. The .50 cal is garbage"
,Not Recommended,322920,13382564,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,osawaab,"Edit to precurser review: I would now recommend this game to anyone looking. While it is not all together in its current state, I have been in contact with the developers and they do have plans to continually update it with what the community wants. By purchasing this game, you show them that there is a market for it, and encourage them to better the game.Here is a video to show some gameplay mechanics.... Don't judge too hard, this was only my 3rd time playinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX5V89qZgHsEdit: Some more footage with the shotgun. Protip.... dont engage a T-Rex by yourself unless you have ungodly amounts of high powered ammo.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoWonxvsZQM&feature=youtu.bePros:-Awesome sounds-Visually Stunning-Massive map-Stealth SystemCons-some of the weapons are underpowered (will explain later)-I have yet to kill a T-Rex. (May be a pro to some, but i put 8 slugs in ones heart/lung/brain.... plus 10 arrows in the lung region.... it should have died)-To many dinosaurs (wouldnt be a problem if you could actually kill them)-You move to slowly, and the stamina bar that allows you to run is depleted WAY to quickly, and recharges WAY to slowly. (seriously devs, go for a run, an average in-shape human can run alot farther than you imagine, and recover rather quickly)-Only 3 dinos (Im sure they plan on adding moreEdit: After playing this game for  nearly 6 hours now, I wanted to redo this review. I still find some of the weapons to be underpowered coming from a real life point of view. Both the slug shotgun, and magnum handgun should be much more powerful than they are, but they provide a fun challenge. The hitboxes on the dinosuars are still a bit off IMO, however once you get the learning curve, you can get it with a bit of luck. It is pretty fun to explore the island and try to hunt or avoid being seen. The graphics are beautiful, and ive found myself stopping several times to enjoy the view. If this game continues to be updated, it will be great by the time it reaches full rollout!Note for the devs:I found a few bugs so far I wanted to report-Tab doesnt always pull up pda-Rebalance gun damage-As long as a dino is behind you, it cannot hurt you-when you create a new game it is not truely new, it also doesnt spawn you with anything half the time-When you leave the game and come back, sometimes your secondary weapon is gone.As the game progresses and updates are made I will change my rating and review, I will also have gameplay video up shortly that I will link.Thanks for reading!Edit 12/16/14: The developer contacted me confirming they had recieved my feedback and would be implementing several parts.I will be changing my recommendation to a thumbs up once the first update is out. As long as the devs will listen to the community and continue to put out updates, I will reccomend it. As I continue to play it, I enjoy it more and more. Of it still isnt fully there, but it is an enjoyable time waster. As of now there really is no objective, Im hoping some objective will be added later. Also another thing that I have found to be annoying is the fact that you cant stack  items. If you find a pile of 2 arrows, and one of 3 you cannot combine them. Once again im sure this will be fixed later."
,Recommended,322920,13397148,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ThatRandomBlackGuy,Other good names for this game could be as follows:Figure out how to aim with the bow simulatorWaving T-rexes makes them mad simulatorcower in bush until the raptor leaves simulatorFeeling like heaven when you find a gun simulatorRock throwing simulatorReal Dinos Dont Run When ShotTracking A pack of raptors to find out which way you shouldnt go simulatorand the list goes onFun game lol
76561198057393572,Not Recommended,322920,15305346,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Atreides_Guy,"Before we start, I want to be clear: You're enjoyment (and the relevance of this review) depends entirely on what you're expecting from TheHunter: Primal. If you are expecting a slow-burn, high tension survival title in an alien world of dinosaurs, you may garner a lot of enjoyment from this game.If you are expecting a immersive, realistic hunting simulator where you pursue and down the greatest creatures to ever walk the land, you will probably be disappointed.First, the positive: the game is beautiful. The textures are crisp. The dinosaurs are quite colourful and varied looking, yet still manage to blend in enough to require careful spotting. The plantlife is dense and oppressive. The weather is startling to see for the first time. The world is huge and packed with dense forests, open plains, beaches and swampland.The dinosaur damage model is highly detailed, with careful shot placement required to ensure that Utahraptor goes down in one shot, or at least bleeds out before it runs too far to track the body.The sound design is also well thought out, as careful listening is needed to pick up approaching predators and tell their mood.What are the major problems with this game? The largest (in my opinion) is the stamina and running mechanics. I mentioned this game is huge. It truly is, yet you walk with the speed and haste of a high-class Victorian lady visiting the Botanic Gardens on Sunday afternoon. The stamina bar is woefully low and is depleted in 10-15 seconds of running (the running too is far slower than any person with full use of their legs would manage when being pursued by hungry dinos). It refills much slower than it is consumed. I can understand wanting to discourage endless running over kilometres without breaking a sweat, but for the self-proclaimed ""most realistic prehistoric survival game ever created"", this is extremely tiresome, not to mention immersion breaking. It also makes no sense from a standpoint of offering a challenge to players: most everything can outrun you if it makes a beeline for you, and running already makes extra noise, so why bother adding ANOTHER impediment to your escape? It would have made more sense to add a general ""exhaustion"" meter that slowly increases the more you run, that slows machete swings and makes aiming more difficult as it fills.It also makes tracking wounded dinos a pain, as they will run far from your position in the time it takes them to bleed out. The choice of stamina bar clashes harshly with the wide open spaces and fast dinos around you, especially considering you are meant to be a fit, strong colonist capable of crafting machetes and bows from scrap.This brings me to the second major complaint: the predatory dinosaurs. The predators on this island are incredibly numerous, and VERY dangerous. This may sound exactly like a predatory dinosaur should be, but let me ellaborate. These creatures are determined to catch you. VERY determined. Too determined. T-rexs will more often than not just *happen* to wander in a straight line towards you, and once there refuse to leave until you move from hiding. Once again this would not be a problem if it were not for other choices made in development, such as the inability to run for any real length of time, and the limited weaponry or distractions. Just to reiterate, this helps makes the game stressful and tense, effective for survival gamers, but infuriating for hunting enthusiasts who simply want to grab a rifle and track down a triceratops.Other complaints involve the lack of swimming mechanics to allow lake crossings, or even crossing 10ft wide bays at the beach, the dinosaurs' stilted attack animations (that do fortunately make the machete a viable weapon against solitary raptors), and the absurdly high populations of predators. Arrows are also extremely difficult to track in flight, and hence getting a grip on the shooting mechanics is primarily trial and error (since you can't retrieve arrows from the ground you're discouraged from practicing shooting trees and stones). The predators themselves are too... predatory. Why is it the T-rex's will always go out of their way to catch a bite sized meal like me when a raptor just walked by them. Why can't they ever just not be hungry you know... LIKE REAL ANIMALS. In fact, other than apparently clearing out when a T-rex wanders their way, the other dinos don't come into ANY conflict with each other, limiting your strategies to deal with them.If the developers DID intend this to be a survival game primarily, then I'm baffled by the lack of food requirements (other than health regenerating eggs and mushrooms), proper shelter (other then some bare concrete walls to hide behind) or other survival staples. The only goals really are to go from landmark to landmark across open ground, avoid the overly numerous Tyrannosaurs, gather some ammo and hunt something for points, before lettting yourself die so you can use those points to buy a better weapon. Survival in this game is too often down to dumb luck. HOPEFULLY a T-rex won't march right up to you just as you got a .44 magnum with no bullets. HOPEFULLY a Quetzacoatls won't grab you as you're lining up a shot on a raptor and drop you 70ft to you're death. HOPEFULLY those raptors won't wander on top of your hiding spot.If what you were expecting was The Hunter with dinosaurs, where you choose from a variety of weapons a gadgets to track down elusive and deadly creatures in their natural habitat, then you'll probably be disappointed. I appreciate that Expansive Worlds wanted something different for this game. And there is still time to make a strong impression in future updates. But I feel that if they had simply ported the weapons and hunting mechanics from the Hunter, and made this current game mode optional, they would have made a stronger first impression.Too sum up: Buy if you want to crawl past huge predators, sneak around raptor packs and quietly through herds of triceratops with hair trigger tempers.Don't buy if you're looking for a hardcore hunting simulator where you can bring you're favourite mauser rifle to bag a velociraptor at 150m.To each their own I suppose."
,Recommended,322920,13460330,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pete Katchou,They do hunt in packs!
76561198079889772,Not Recommended,322920,32448089,Posted: 15 June,all,Actium,"A unfinished game that is at this point just looking like a blatant cash-grab.The inventory system is archaic and not fit for a game with any sort of action involved.You need to go into your inventory to reload your weapon while a dinosaur is trying to bite your legs of.All you do in this game is run from loot-drop to loot-drop picking up random items.Congratulations you ran through a dinosaur infested jungle to get a T-shirt.The dinosaurs are bullet sponges and if you meet a T-Rex you are dead, unless of course you glitch the AI that has the intelligence of a brick against a larger than average rock or building.The dinosaur tracking system is ripped from their other game (thehunter classic) but unlike their old hunting game where you level up your tracking skill of each animal and it is made difficult on purpose for beginners to track animals with tracks leading nowhere, there is no leveling here and you basically have an un-usable method of tracking.All i can say is that -this is not the kind of game we were lead to believe they were selling."
76561198001558115,Not Recommended,322920,15163373,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Dueoh Helsite,"Update 4/11/2015:They did a MAJOR overhaul on the Quetzalcoatlus and it made the game A LOT more bearable. Quetzalcoatlus aren't EVERYWHERE now (they only spawn near Volcano's and really high lands). This alone made the game so much better. Now you can actually EXPLORE the land without definite insta-death.However, every other issue I've stated is still a thing.1) You rarely see dinosaurs in a game about dinosaurs.2) You travel for LOOOOONG lengths of time (up to 50mins) with absolutely nothing happening.3) Killing dinosaurs is nigh impossible at the start of the game (i.e. Levels 1 through 5-ish)4) If you haven't racked up a few kills for exp and money then good luck killing anything after an hour.Once you get to higher levels (9+) the game becomes a lot more tolerable; but from a gamer point of view: Why would I want to keep playing a game if the start of it is dreadful, boring, and hard (in the sense that you can't really kill anything)? I mean, yes, the survival aspect becomes fun once you're higher level; but with that promise, why would a person new to the game stick around long enough to sift through the bane of this game?I know I called the game ""Garbage"" in my original review; but it's not. What it is, is unbearable (at first). And you'll have to put up with that unbearable irritation for a long time because levels aren't easy to gain (since dinos are rare to come across). Once you get past that, however, you could potentially start to enjoy yourself.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Original Review:This game is a COMPLETE waste of money! Hear me out, because I keep coming back to this game, TRYING to like it, but it's terrible. And here's why:-There's NOTHING to do:You spend, I kid you not, 90%+ of this game walking around with absolutely NOTHING eventful happening. NOTHING in this world can really be interacted with except for loot crates and dinos. Your objective for most of the game, survuve. How are you gonna survive? Find camp points that have survival equipment (weapons, camo-clothing, healing supplies, etc). But the map is HUGE and that becomes obvious when you're walking with your GPS for 20 minutes and you've literally only traveled a distance about the size of 1/3 your pinky finger. None of these camps are anywhere NEAR close to each other, either; so if you're at a camp and you try to travel to the next closest one, be prepared to walk in a straight line for about 50 minutes, with NOTHING happening.-It's nearly impossible to kill dinosaurs in a game about KILLING DINOSAURS:Game Story - ""You're a convict sent to a dino planet to kill as many dinos as possible to pave the future for potential civilizations."" Early game, you MAY get lucky enough to find small Raptors. You can kill those with the machete that you get for free when you spawn, and that's where you get experience and money to buy things when you die and have to respawn anew. However, the dinosaurs age within game, and after 30 minutes they're fully grown (your gps tells you the age). Cool mechanic, BUT YOU CAN'T KILL THEM BY THAT POINT! Fighting baby Raptors is likely to yield success, BUT your health is gonna be dried up by that point, so you're going to eventually die. HOWEVER, the timer for the dinos doesn't reset! So now you have ADULT raptors, which you can't kill because as soon as you get close to killing them, they run away; and there is NO catching up to them. You can run, but your stamia is a handicap BEYOND BELIEF! You can track them with your GPS (via blood trail, foot tracks, dung, etc) but you'll be tracking for at least 20 minutes before you catch up to it. The dinos can bleed out and eventually die once you hit them; cool mechanic, HOWEVER, the time for that varies and the odds are, you WONT find the dino that you wounded; but if you do it'll be like I said before, ""Tracking them for 20 minutes before you finally catch up"". Mind you, this is just the case for the raptors, THE EASIEST THING TO KILL IN THE GAME!-Quetzalcoatlus... Quetzalcoatlus...If you can tolerate walking around doing nothing for 90% of the game, and don't mind the fact that after 30 minutes, you wont be able to kill dinosaurs anymore, then I present to you, the one dinosaur, that ruins this entire game. Quetzalcoatlus. This flying dinosaur is the ONE major flaw that was put into this boring, uneventful, over priced, waste of time game! Quetzalcoatlus flys down, picks you up, and carries you around for 10 (Mississippi) seconds. Then he drops you and you die... No questions about it. You WILL die when it drops you. I've survived drops twice (I don't know how) but then it circles around to finish the job... Quetzalcoatlus is the primary reason this game is absolute garbage. You think walking for 50 minutes to reach a camp and get its spoils finally pays off. Nope. Quetzalcoatlus are ALWAYS around these camps. You can go in and get the stuff, yeah, but Quetzalcoatlus WILL catch you while you try to leave, and it WILL kill you. When you die your body becomes a pack of bones that you can come back and loot for your old equipment; but of course Quetzalcoatlus will STILL be in the area; in fact, MORE Quetzalcoatlus will be in the area! Because it seems like every time you die to one, another one spawns in the area! Quetzalcoatlus are only a threat in open areas? Oh ok, so my options in this game are 1) Be safe from them while I walk around the forest areas where's there are no camps to get equipment, little hope of actually seeing a dinosaur, and just endless walking around with absolutely nothing else to do. or 2) Walk out to a camp in hopes of finding things to survive and die to Quetzalcoatlus, walk out into the open in hopes of exploring this huge world and die to Quetzalcoatlus, or try to walk from this forest to another forest and die to Quetzalcoatlus.-There are very few dinosaur sightings in a game about DINOSAURS!It's so rare to actually see a dinosaur in this horrible game. You'll find tracks and other signs of them in your area, but they're constantly moving, and they're faster than you and don't have STAMINA ISSUES! You will NOT see dinosaurs often. So you will not kill dinosaurs often. So you will not gain money or experience to buy things that will help you kill dinosaurs... which are rare to find in a game ABOUT dinosaurs! There is one dinosaur that you can easily find though. Quetzalcoatlus! Just look up into the sky and there he is! Walk out of the boring tree's and die! Or stay in the boring uneventful tree's and NOT die! GREAT GAME!"
,Recommended,322920,13409764,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Cock Maximus,"Honest and non-misleading gameplay:http://youtu.be/0Ecn1IITdjgComparing this to The Stomping Land and Beasts of Prey, this game easily beats both. When you enter this game you can instantly see a lot of work was put into it, with the huge highly detailed island, with the dinosaur models with textures done so well and the very nice ground vegetation which give the game such a great sense of realism.As a hunting game, the AI needs a lot of work, they are not buggy but rather dumb, like zombies in DayZ, and if they spot you they are close to impossible to kill, which in some cases can become frustrating. The mobile tracker device works perfectly, but I feel as if the original game deserves that credit.As a survival game I get a nice immersed horrified feeling, the aspects of this game can really come off quite scary, as the forest tried so hard to do.So far I can say that it is worth the money, the game shows hard work by the developers, and I have hope they can maintain creating a more realistic primal hunting game."
76561198077741258,Recommended,322920,13914189,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kirby,"As an expert in the field of paleontology I have a vast knowledge of dinosaurs, in particular the velociraptor; so therefore, I feel that I am in a strong position to express my thoughts on the hunting grounds of Primal Eden.I arrived on this planet having agreed to fly over it for a small fee as a tour guide (of some sort). At no point did I believe that these people were remotely crazy enough to land the plane. I woke up on an abandoned runway having been knocked out via a blow to the head. The distant sound of a man and woman shouting at the top of their voices filled my entire body with dread and fear as I came around. I knew this was now a fight for survival!As I moved swiftly and quietly through the thick, dense and foggy bush I hoped that I would find signs of life such as camps left over by previous people who dared venture to this ludicrous planet. Perhaps I could find some sort of radio or telephone that I could use to call for help. By now the valley around me filled with the unnerving sounds of various carnivores. The roars piercing my heart and sending tremors straight through my spine. There was no hope.As I laid helplessly in a thick set plant I felt the horrifying thud as the ground started to shake. I then realised it was the same terror I had experienced some years ago in Jurassic Park. The thunderous sound began to get louder and louder. I then ran as fast as my legs would allow over the valley hill and found an abandoned camp called Sir Arthur’s Folley. To my delight and amazement I found a .700 rifle and 2 bullets. I do not like guns but I intended to survive this island as I have done twice previously. As I loaded the bullets the tyrannosaurus rex came crashing through the trees behind me…...I knew what had to be done.I tried to throw a stone to distract the foul beast but to no avail. His head raised into the air as he then let of a rambunctious growl before charging at me. I immediately ran behind one the compounds concrete walls in fear of what was about to happen, with adrenaline pumping around my body I looked around the wall at the oncoming charge. I raised my rifle and shot the creature in the head! Nothing happened... I then ran back behind the wall where I realised my health was low from when I dropped down the small cliff into the camp. I sprayed myself with magic spray that made me feel revitalised and full of energy. The mighty head of the beast then clipped straight through the corner of the wall scaring the s**t out of me. “How the f**k can you do that” I angrily yelled at the beast. It then stood still so I took my shot, BANG, I hit the animal in the upper chest just below the neck. He let of an almighty howl as I punctured the left lung. As I aimed down the sight for one last time I pulled the trigger….nothing happened. I had no ammo.I then thought LEG IT, so I ran down the hill until my stamina had deserted me. I laid down in a bush hoping the foul creature had not seen me. My heart was thumping and sweat was pouring from my entire body. The footsteps crashed down the hill behind me. I laid there motionless. The T Rex then stopped not knowing where I was. I had done it, I had got away from the beast when I then heard footsteps to my left. I looked to find a guy in a bright yellow shirt and orange trousers standing in my bush. I then slowly looked around at the T Rex as he then spotted me, charged me and then ate me. NOOOOOOOOO! The guy in yellow and orange clothes then proceeded to steal my gear and disappear into the night.Hmmm, maybe I get into character a little too much when I play this game….It is an epic game especially when played with other people. Getting ambushed by raptors or five people running from two T Rex’s is sooo much fun! Awesome game that you must try."
,Not Recommended,322920,15145090,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Goose,"theHunter: Primal was fun in alpha, but it was still an alpha. It showed a lot of promise. There were a few updates and it was good to see that it was still being worked on. I go to check what was in the new update was and was shocked. This game is in no way close to anything but an alpha. The fact that they release 1 more species and call it a full game is shocking."
76561198039799387,Not Recommended,322920,15149287,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Dr.SaltGoat,"I am disappointed that this game is fully released.I had an issue when the game was first released where my friend and I could not do port forwarding.  As far as I'm concerned, they never fixed it once.  It's been months.  I get a flying dinosaur instead.  Not okay.  Not cool.  The developers have a sugguestions box they never listened to in the game and they released this garbage.  This game is not worth the money.  These developers don't deserve the money.  Get as far away from this game or else you will face dishonor on your computer, dishonor on your steam account and dishonor on your cow.  xPBut no really.  Do not recommend this."
76561198051483540,Not Recommended,322920,15146681,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DR Autismo,"I want to start by saying that this game has a lot of potential.(im sure you heard that many times but trust me, this game has a LOT of potential)The biggest problem with the game right now isnt the lack of weapons or dinosaurs, its not even the horrible AI, the biggest problem right now is the fact that its no longer in alpha.By fully releasing the game the devs are saying ""Yep, its done, no more updates."" now, im hoping that I'm wrong and that the developers will continue to update the game (add new dinos, guns ect...)You see at the moment the game is only fun to play with others, you simply hunt dinos together, you'll enjoy that for an hour or two but you will eventually realize thatA) there is no goal, you just hunt. (there isnt a survival aspect to the game, you can just stay in a zone where dinos don't spawn, there is no reason to leave these zones.)B) there are only five dinos, and two of them are basically the same one. (smaller and bigger variants)C) The game is buggy, and obviously is still in alpha (even though the devs say otherwise)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You should only buy this game if the devs will keep updating it, if they'll keep adding new stuff, if they keep fixing the glitches. What you should do is watch the game, check the store page every now and then, if you see more (significant) updates then yes buy it. But at the moment it seems that its very likely that the devs will abandon this game.so....Q: SHOULD I BUY THE GAME???A: nope....not yet."
,Recommended,322920,13935788,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,YeezyBake,Buys gameDownloads immediatelyStarts up gameTweaks settingsmakes gamespawnssees podGets bow and arrowswalkswalkswalkskeeps on walking for 30 minutessees no dinoskeeps walkingfinds shady areakeeps walkinghears roarturns and sees feathered dino charging at meaims with bow and arrowshootskeeps on shootingkills dinoBecomes happyLooks up3 dinos are chargingDies10/10 would walk again
76561198071124321,Not Recommended,322920,28427250,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,moschops_72,"I personally found this game fun initially.... however, I could not reccomend this game to anyone in it's current state.. last patch was 10 months after the last one (which basically added a few skins) and all it ""patched"" was 2 bugs.. There is miniscule to zero development in this game, whis is really sad, as this game had so much potential.. If you want to try it out, make sure you can get your money back...Steam... you should be able to offer partial refunds if there is awful dev support... perhaps this will stop developers teasing their cutomers with potentially interesting games, get customers to part with their money, then forget about it and reap the cash. You should also punish bad developers in some way.. in this case perhaps withdraw their titles from Steam until you are satisfied that YOUR customers are happy..."
,Recommended,322920,13604375,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The Risen,"edit: What you all have to realize is this is not this developers main project. Updates will be sparse at times.""10/10 like Dark Souls with Dinosaurs""- IGNWelcome to Primal Eden, where your♥♥♥♥♥♥gets shoved in faster than you can say ""The hell just made that noise?"".I've played theHunter since 2011, and knowing the Devs, and how they are, when I first saw this I thought it was a joke.I was really excited to see that it wasn't, and even more excited to see it was coming out not long after I read about it.It's pretty hard to get the hang of at first but you will get it eventually, before it got updated to you starting with 10 arrows, and it was 5, after figuring out the general anatomy of the raptors I could take down usually 3 before I ran out. I recommend playing with a group, as it helps tremendously. I have to say I'm not a fan of unreasonably hard games, this pushed it at first, but I just kinda pushed through it, and now enjoy how difficult it is. After killing 3 Rex's 2 Triceratops, and about 200 raptors, I can only see this better as time goes on.Now if you guys are weary of early access because of Dev's ditching projects, that is DEFINETLY not going to happen with this, The guys that work on theHunter are some of the best Dev's out there with communicating and listening to the community, theHunter came out in 2008 and is being continuously developed with most of the ideas coming from the community itself, as I'm sure will happen with this too. They only add new animals every few months or so to the original because it's a pretty niche market and not a whole lot of money comes in, which is also why they have the micro-transaction system the way it is. However, this game is getting a tremendous amount of attention from famous Youtuber's and being the fact that it's survival which is the ""in"" genre,I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this game, as once you get passed the steep learning curve, it'll become one of the best games you've played in awhile. And like I previously stated, It's only going to get better from here.Now if you'll excuse me, this .700 isn't going to kill Prehistoric-Alien creatures itself."
76561198055441243,Not Recommended,322920,23562388,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sp00ks,"Don't get the game, it's been abandoned by the developers, barely any updates every year to half a year it's been half a year since they updated it and no updates since then, i HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME, waste of money!"
,Not Recommended,322920,15143211,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Gigahorisontti,"There's something wrong when the fun goes out when you just try to scavenge ammo instead of just hunting dinosaurs, I feel though the survival & pvp aspect doesn't fit in this sort of game. D:Dinosaurs look fine, AI sucks and ultimately lack of immersion. When you play for a few hours you start to think, what's my actual goal here.So in short, it was a mistake for me to buy this game. I can hardly recommend this game with this pricetag."
76561198025257956,Not Recommended,322920,15150120,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,RazgrizOne,"(sigh...) Lets be clear about this: I loved this game, I still do. But I cannot recommend this to anyone at all just because it is extremely unfinished. When the Pre-alpha started in December I had really high hopes for this game. But I quickly realized that a really buggy pre-alpha really hurt the publicity of this game, so much that I feared that this game would be scrapped. It seems as if my fears have come true.As a $30 dollar game it is alright. The objective of the game is to survive long enough so that you can gear up and hunt dinosaurs. It follows the basic structure of thehunter in that the OBJECTIVE is hunting. This confused allot of people at the beginning, they thought it was a DayZ with dino's which it is not. With a large Island and a 5 species of dinosaurs you can have alot of fun. Running from Raptors, hunting Triceratops, and teaming up to kill T-Rexes is essentially what you will be doing. Most of this game revolves around teamwork to take down the biggest and baddest of dinosaurs. This is really what made this game stand out. It fostered a teambuilding enviroment without holding your hand. But as with most pre-alpha's it had its downsides.It started with only 3 types of dinosaurs (which grew to 5 types) which really wasn't that great. The weapons were lacking, the AI was terrible and it was all around a buggy game. Over the past 3 months the developers had been working really hard to polish up the pre-alpha and so it seemed as if everything was going just fine. Alas that was not the case...Currently the game still feels like its stuck in pre-alpha, there are still bugs, a low amount of content, AI STILL SUCKS, there are only a few weapons in game, and in general it is unfinished all around. This really sucks as it had alot of potential to ge a GREAT game but in its current iteration I WOULD GIVE IT A 5/10 AT BEST.Will I still play it, Yeah. But I would not advise you to buy it. Hopefully the devs will continue to produce more content and this jewel of a game can be saved. If they do fix it I will revisit this revew but for now, save your money and buy any of the other great indie games out there. It will be a much better use of your time and money."
76561198029642831,Not Recommended,322920,27667583,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sleeper Agent of Planeptune,"A game that showed a lot of promise during the Early Access days and had the potential to become one of the best, most immersive and most realistic hunting simulators, in the end failed horribly to deliver. What we have now is a game with minimal content, barely acceptable for a ""full release"", while ridden with so many bugs and glitches that they alone could easily ruin the experience for many. In the end, it somehow managed to become a game that was much better and a lot more fun to play during its Early Access days and as long as the developing team refuses to care, fix problems and add new content, even as DLC, I personally wish it could revert to that.Positive:+ Large map, beautiful environment, realistic landscape+ Good atmosphere, ambient sounds, day-night cycle and weather effects+ The game gives a nice initial feeling and the first few times you get approached by a T-Rex can be pretty thrilling, but it gets old fast+ Controls when trying to aim are clunky, but that actually adds to the realism+ For a hunting simulator, I suppose it has a good variety of weaponsNegative:- The island may look beautiful at first, but once you've walked all over the map once, it all feels the same- Camouflage used to matter during Early Access, now it's irrelevant. Hiding prone and motionless under bushes saved your life more than often back then, now most of the time it makes no difference- Dinosaur AI, especially that of the T-Rex, has gotten worse and worse over the course of development. The T-Rex used to behave like a clueless animal when shot out of the blue, now it instantly locates your position and runs to you in a straight line, like a heat-seeking missile, stops and eats you without even wasting a second to look around for you. It doesn't get more unrealistic than that as in actuality, most of the time the animal wouldn't even be able to identify which direction it got wounded from- Only five species, two of which share the same model in different scales- All five species are aggressive, four of them being actual predators, the opposite of what you'd expect from a hunting session- On top of that, supplies and ammunition are so scarce that it feels a lot more like a survival game than a hunting game. Hence why I always called it ""theHunted: Primal"". The player is clearly the prey in this one- The dinosaurs never eat, drink, sleep or interact with each other, killing the realism- Hitboxes are and have always been a mess- Dinosaurs may still attack you through concrete walls and thick trees, one of the major glitches that was addressed countless times but was never fixed- Server issues and reports from players losing their entire inventories or never receiving the items purchased from the in-game after-death store are more frequent than one could imagineBorderline Ridiculous:... You can carry about 18 bullets for the .50 sniper rifle when you are in your underwear, but you can only carry about 15-16 if you put on pants and a shirt. Even less if you put on sunglasses and a hat!... The character runs out of stamina after sprinting for a few dozen meters, while the dinosaurs can sprint to the ends of eternity without pause... The character also has some sort of mental deficiency, as he/she suddenly becomes unable to throw a rock while crouching on one knee... Watching a T-Rex walking up an almost vertical hillside practically defies descriptionConclusion:Bugs, glitches and lack of content aside, it may be worth the purchase for its current price of €10 if you don't expect to be amazed, if you are curious and if you don't mind the expense and the indifference of the creators, as it will probably offer some good times, but let me remind you that the game cost €20 during Early Access. That alone says a lot."
76561198115758347,Not Recommended,322920,15198016,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,pillagex,"This game can be described as ""unfinished"" at best.The gameplay is clunky, the dinosaur AI is predictable, the game has numerous bugs and crashed a few times during my experience. There are only 4 different dinosaurs in this game, the worst one by far being the Quetzalcoatlus. Don't believe the patch notes, they're everywhere and will scoop you up and drop you to your death over and over until you rage quit. They pretty much patrol any open area or point of value, have a huge field of view and then camp your corpse after they kill you.Dont buy this game in it's current form. You were warned....."
,Not Recommended,322920,15143152,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,callum9977,"Early access was superb; buggy yes, however oozed tons of potential and enjoyment in killing dinos and gaining awesome loot.However...The game has been ruined by the new recently added flying dino, it makes the game impossible to play and takes the enjoyment out of playing with your friends. If the flying dino continues to be as over powered as it currently is, the game will never be fun to play again.."
,Not Recommended,322920,15151053,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Thrax™,"Me and my friend played the hell out of this during early acess, but when I tried the recent update the game felt unbalanced with the new dinosaur species, and since this is officially out of early acess I'm starting to get the uneasy felling that this will end up like The Stomping Land, untill the devs update this game with more polish and content I regrettably have to give this  thumbs down for now, I will change this once its updated more (if it gets more updates that is).This has so much potential to be one of the best (if not the greatest) dinosaur games ever made, I really hope this doesn't get abandoned.Edit: Well it seems my faith in this has Shriveled out of existance.Avalanche Studios/Expansive Worlds if you're reading this, ♥♥♥♥ you (every single one of you that worked on this) of aborting this Game out of Early Access like a 3-Month old Fetus from a 15-Year Old Girl and then deciding to go back to theHunter: Primal's Paywall-Infested ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sibling.If you weren't so corrupted by Money you could've made this Game one of the best Hunting Simulators ever (hell this could've been one of the best Dinosaur Games ever if you didn't surgically remove it out of Early Access), but no you decided its Paywall-Infected Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Predecessor would be more profitable than a fully priced Game with no Microtransactions or Paywalls.♥♥♥♥ you Avalanche Studios/Expansive Worlds, I hope your next Game flops so hard that you shut down from the Karma for Abandoning this and not giving it proper Updates anymore.Come at me."
,Recommended,322920,16548337,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Wolf,"So I’ve noticed that this game has mixed reviews, most of the negative ones being written by people who have played it for a couple of hours and have been eaten alive, chewed up and spat back out only to be able to write  “this game sucks”. Well my fellow steamers, you are in luck! You’re about to get a summary from someone who’s played the game for 87 hours.I did write a ton about thehunter: Primal, but figured who will want to read a review the same size as The Wall the Nights Watch guard? So I’ve kindly summarised it.•	thehunter: Primal is an online hunting survival game.•	There are 5 different types of dinosaur,•	11 different weapons and many items.•	There is a shop where you can use in-game currency to buy weapons and items however you need to unlock them by levelling up. (It is not a P2W game)•	Everything wants to kill you.•	Hunting is similar to thehunter, you need to shoot the dinosaurs in the right place. But as the dinosaurs are usually trying to find you, you come across them more often.•	It is hard and challenging, but you get used to it once you've played for a few hours.•	There are no 24/7 servers and setting up your own can be difficult as you have to open ports.•	You can be a lone wolf or chose to band together with friends or you can try to make friends. However if playing the PVP mode, only team up with people you trust, as it’s a dog eat dog world out there.Pros•	It’s hard to play, but rewarding when you do well.•	Great game to play with friends.•	Very big map.•	PVP is fun.•	Levelling up system.•	In-game shop.•	Updated by devs.•	At moments you are terrified.•	Nice to hunt and be hunted.•	Day and Night.•	You get immersed in the world.•	Great dinosaur behaviour.Cons•	It’s hard to play, and annoying when you die a lot.•	PVP can be brutal.•	No 24/7 Severs and setting up your own can be a pain as you have to open ports.•	Render distance is similar to thehunter so dinosaurs/humans disappear when they get too far (however they have to be quite far to disappear.)•	Hit points on humans need to improve.•	Levelling up system needs something to show hunters how close they are to the next level.•	Transition from night to day needs to improve.If you like to be challenged then this is a good game for you, especially the PVP. Hunting dinosaurs is really exciting and something cool is always happening in the game. This is the kind of thing you will expect:You’ve been tracking a Triceratops you shot for the last 10 minutes, and you’re lead into a forest. Suddenly you hear raptors communicating with each other, then silence and a rush of footsteps. Screams from the U-Raptors fill your ears and you and your hunting party start manically firing at 5 U-Raptors ambushing you.Whilst PVPing you're making your way up the volcano with your hunting party and are hounded by the flying Quetzalcoatlus,  one of your party is caught by the Quetzalcoatlus and he’s flown into the sky and then dropped to his death. But the rest of you manage to make it to the base at the top. However a rival hunting party is already there and a fire fight ensues. Your team get mascaraed and you lose all your stuff.Or you’re walking through the open plains and start hearing thud after thud and the ground begins to shake, you realise a T-Rex is coming for you and all you can do is run. But remember you have a high calibre weapon so try to take it on. You begin shooting at it and its getting closer and closer, just as it’s about to rip you to pieces you see an opening to its heart and shoot your .700, killing it instantly."
76561198020214813,Recommended,322920,13451492,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pontiff Vrax,"So, Primal.What can I say about Primal.Well in what other games are you forced to hide in a bush for half an hour with you buddy, whilst cowering from a T Rex?Honestly though, quite a good game, ill go over some pros and cons.Good:The atmospheric nature of the game is great; both the sounds and graphics are quite pretty.The core game play is actually pretty nailed down despite it being early access, you can shoot Dinosaurs and throw rocks and what ever, what more do you need?Despite there being little in game right now, it's actually quite fun grouping up with your buddies and treking through the jungle, surviving and all that jazz.Bad:The game lacks some content, I mean, we could do with some more guns, maybe some dynamic events. Base building would be great in this game. Then again, early access so what ever, no big deal.Run speed at the current gesture comes in two catagories: Faster than light or extremely slow. It would be nice to get a happy medium.The lobby/hosting needs some work.The Dinosaurs can be quite stupid sometimes, then again, they had small brains right?All in all, I reccomend this game, especially if you want to waste £15 and possibily have some fun doing it. I mean, its not the greatest game in the world, you'll find out how much patience you have and you will be in a bush for 80% of your game time, but even that being said, it's oddly addictive and way more fun with others."
,Not Recommended,322920,18079311,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Asian Goofy,"This game had such a good potential to become one of, if not the best dinosaur hunting game ever, however, shortly after the game came out of Early Access, devs decided to grab the money and run away with no bussiness ethics whatsoever, I will definetely not buy a game from them ever again. This game is full of glitches and hackers."
76561198060929016,Recommended,322920,19867448,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Longo Two-Guns,"I recommend this game, but with severe reservation. I have played this game a decent amount alone, with friends, and have made friends whilst playing it. The atmosphere is gorgeous, the dinosaurs terrifying at every point in the game no matter what items you have, and a game that works so incredibly well with teamwork.The issue: Development hit a extremely hard wall to the point it was ""released"" even when incomplete. This angered me that, with still so many issues and room for so much to be added, it was abandoned and left behind. From there I moved to ARK Survival Evolved and havent regretted it, looking back on theHunter: Primal with some friends, I regret that development stopped.Honestly this was one of my favorite games to ever come out on account of how terrifying and realistic it can become when trying to survive. They say it is a hunting game, but they fail to hint you that you are the one being hunted.So should you buy this game?Depends. Are you okay with a noncomplete game that has development seemingly halted at the moment? If so, and you love being terrified by the footsteps of T-Rex's and the screeches of raptors, then this game is for you.I'd give it a 10/10 for memories and content, but a 6/10 for developer involvement."
76561198062269113,Recommended,322920,15142483,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ModerateToSeverePlaquePsoriasis,"Just popped up on steam as ""new release"". This crappy alpha has been out for months now and is still in the same shape. So I don't know what's so new about it. Oh the power of big money. I don't recommend this. Written in positive review section so those who only read the positives can open their eyes before they buy into this crap. Go read the negative reviews."
76561197961261827,Recommended,322920,14024638,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Eat My Grass,"Updated April 1st Release:This is NOT a full release of a game.  It should be labeled as being in BETA at best.  Models and environment are top-notch.  Dino attacks still need some serious work.  Simple things like a drag-and-drop inventory aren't finished yet.  And most of all there's still no realistic interaction between the dinos, i.e. dinos preying on other dinos.  But its a lot better than it was.  It's getting there.  It has SO MUCH potential.This may be one of my all-time favorite games. But its not for everyone. It's like being a cop, I suspect. A midget cop in a barbarian cannibal universe. Armed with a big ♥♥♥♥ing gun. That you don't always have ammo for. So you hide in a trash can and watch them eat your friends and neighbors and wait for them to leave. So you can get the ammo left on their fly-blown corpses. So you can track those barbarian cannibals down and explode their livers. Then you take selfies with their dead bodies.Early Release Review:I will say up front that this is a hunting game.  You can spend a lot of time where nothing happens.  Ammo can be feast or famine, as itshouldbe in a survival game.  The game pays off for those with patience and persistence.  You can sprint around so long as you hear nothing.  When you hear raptors, you have to slow down.  Move away.  ""Make like a hole in the water.""Despite its myriad of disastrous alpha bugs and severe lack of content, I LOVE this game.  The environment is best I've ever seen.  There's a real feeling of terror when you hear a pack of raptors and have 2 shells left.  Or you're solo armed modestly with a Tyrannosaur  20m that has your scent.  Surviving encounters like this and the eventual vengeance exacted through patience and planning is exhilarating.  Teaming up and taking down a T-rex is fantastic fun.Beginning tips:Weapons are at the settlements.  Download a basic map that shows the settlement locs and you'll have a gun in no time.  Ammo is found randomly in the wild.  Then find someone you can tag along with and work with them to get camo and ammo.  Once you've done this, the game really opens up for you.  Shoot for the heart/lungs/spine.With the bow, don't wait for them to get right up on you.  Work for a clean LOS to the target and reveal yourself at > 10 meters so they come straight at you, exposing their chest for a killshot."
76561197979396287,Not Recommended,322920,15150232,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Dirmer3,"Why, oh why didn't I listen to the reviews?! I suppose I thought this game had improved over time. It hasn't. This game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ You're suppose to be a dinosaur hunter on an alien world, yet there are only a handfull of dinosaurs - most of them being carnivours. You start with a machette and the clothes on your back. For the first hour, you're not hunting♥♥♥♥♥♥but crates for weapons. What is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was bored after only a few hours. I really feel like I was scammed, I don't see how they can even call this a game. It plays like a demo for a much better game, except I paid $25 for it and that's all there is. If this was still early access I might let it slide, but to call this a completed game is just a joke. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It's not worth more than $5. I don't care how much you like dinosaurs or the idea of hunting them, you will not enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,322920,34264539,Posted: 15 August,all,RocketLawnChair,I am very saddened to say this amazing game was completely abandoned by the developers after so long. Don't bother buying something so completely broken. its unplayable now for me because you can't buy items in the store from a bug that resets you back to level 1 every game. This is horribly common and the fix is complicated. I would reccomend this game in a heartbaeat if it was still being fixed but its not. Its been left in the dust.
76561197986919878,Recommended,322920,24660373,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mfaraka,"A lot of people have criticized this game for being slow-paced and having only a small selection of dinosaurs to hunt.  I think it's because a lot of folks purchased this game expecting it to be like Turok - a fast paced, blood-soaked, action-shooter.  But this game plays a lot more like an open-world Resident Evil/Don't Starve with dinosaurs.  This game is about tension, about patience, and about getting scared out of your pants.  The open-world is gorgeous, and unlike most open-world games, this one seems empty - just as a real wild area would feel.  This means when you find a dinosaur or, more likely, groups of them, the impact on you and your choices and gameplay is enormous.  And having only a few species in any one area is more ""realistic"" anyway, a small island can't support big populations.  Each dinosaur species requires completely unique strategies and tactics to take it down, and will hunt (or not hunt) you in completely different ways.  That's much more enriching than having 500 monsters who all just bum-rush you and just need a headshot to kill them.  Yawn.The first time you're staring at a treeline and see a pack of raptors melt out of the shadows and start stalking across the open plains, or are cresting a ridgeline and see, in the distance, a huge tyrannosaur wandering along the ridge toward you, silhouetted against the starlit sky, and you start praying to anyone who's listening that it goes the other way and never finds you. . . you'll be hooked, I promise.I won't lie, this game is *rough*. It definitely feels like an indie game, the controls can be a bit buggy, and the AI oscillates wildly from being unutterably brilliant to ""that raptor keeps running into that tree"".  But in terms of pure, emotional turmoil and painting a picture of constant tension and subtle, creeping terror I've simply never ever seen in a game before, Hunter Primal is worth a shot.  So, pick this up if you want a deep adrenaline rush.  Don't pick it up if you want Call of Duty with dinosaurs.  Simple as that.P.S. This game gives me nightmares about being hunted by dinosaurs.  That's how well it's crafted to get at your mammalian prey-instincts!"
,Recommended,322920,13376180,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,☢☣Hello»Everyone☣☢,"So far it is fun, difficult but fun. I actually waited up all morning/night to get this and right now it is obviously EA so not everything is in it. But so far it is rathe fun tracking, I love the feed back button in the game so right when you see or think of something to change or add, or a bug you can. It is not a normal hunting sim though, obviously the dinosaurs are rather tough, and super sneaky. And take more than one shot to kill, as of now from what guns I found. You must find your weapons/ammo/health. So it is like a hunting sim crossed with a survival sim in a game sense that is."
,Not Recommended,322920,15145494,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,[SG-X] Radar11x,This game is lacking...
76561198153563296,Not Recommended,322920,17687808,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hoss,"I've logged MANY hours into this ""survival"" based hunting game, and I've come away feeling  a bit underwhelmed. I will say this about this game, it has HUGE potential, but sadly it's taken a back seat to it's cousin, ""The Hunter"". The amount of glitches and the stupid easy ability to hack this game makes it no fun at all, if you're one of the few people who play it as intended. If you aren't using glitched or hacked equipment, your odds of survival are very, very slim. The foundation is very good, and it pains me to see a potentially good game go to♥♥♥♥♥♥because the Devs are too focused on a 1 paticular product. Take a page out of Blizzards play book, and you'll see they run and focus on several products at once, without discriminating another one. With a few more dinosaurs, some crafting/building and some glitch/hack fixes, this game would rival ARK in popularity (in my opinion). For now, if you want dinosaur action, rent a movie =P ."
76561197978001315,Recommended,322920,13503102,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,"Hulkster, no jabronis in my kliq","i was chased by utahraptors for 15 minutes, i was also terrified the whole time5/5 cool gaming experience"
76561198029043678,Recommended,322920,16801388,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Unearthly Bean,"6.8431047948/10.0if you run you die.if you have no weapon you die.if you have a shity weapon you die.if you go in the jungle you die.if you try to pick some cool purple stuff off a tree you die.if you think that the rhino looking dinosaur is a plant eater and doesn't want to kill you, you are right he eats plants, but you still die.If you want to survive move slow, and be vigilant. Hide when you are close to dinosaurs..Find a weapon...one shot pistol won't be sufficient against raptors...stay by the coast if you want to live longer or follow the black volcanic ""road"".But you will eventually die. I promise you that.This game got poor reviews but I did enjoy it as a survival experience.This game is fun but if you have ADD/ADHD or a short attention span then I suggest you play Killing Floor."
76561198113976076,Not Recommended,322920,15195131,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,patrick.mcenaney,"Let me start by saying that theHunter: Primal has a lot of potential to be a great game.I'm a huge fan of the original ""theHunter"", and have been playing it for at least 5 years now. Still play it quite often to this day.I was always a fan of hunting games (Deer Hunter 2005, was amazing), and dinosaur games (Many hours were spent playing the Carnivores series of games, even the broken JP: Trespasser and Turok), so when I heard about theHunter:Primal, I was stoked to say the least.Before purchasing this game I had high hopes of it basically being a clone of the original game, replacing the local fauna from our time period with the prehistoric variety, while keeping the same solid, fun gameplay that has made theHunter so popular since it's release quite a few years ago.What I got feels like an extremely rushed, unfinished, buggy ""game"" that still feels like it's in an early alpha state.I can't stress this enough: THIS GAME DOES NOT FEEL FINISHED.The animations are for the most part awful. Don't get me wrong; when the dinosaurs aren't walking or anything they look very nice, and as realistic as anyone could expect from species that have been extinct for millions of years. But as soon as they start to walk/run, that's where the animations all go to hell. I've seen triceratops doing backflips trying to walk up hills, Dissappearing right infront of your eyes, and then magically reappearing a few hunded feet away.I've had Tyrannosaurs walk right up to me and stumble around me in circles before walking away, and when they get 100 feet or so away from me, suddenly realize I'm there, and then eat me (I was walking around while standing up this entire time).I've 1-hit-killed a Utah Raptor with a makeshift bow, while I was unable to drop a Triceratops by putting 6x 12guage slugs into it point blank, among others.Another problem I have with this ""game"" is where in the original, you would spot lots of animal tracks, etc. Making it fun to stalk whichever animal you were following. In Primal, any sort of tracks or sign seem to be very few, and far between. I've followed a Triceratops as it stomps through the river banks for about 20 minutes, all while not leaving a single track. How are you supposed to hunt in this ""hunting game"" if there are no tracks or sign to go by?Also, why did they feel the need to make this a survival style game, where you spend most of your time wandering around aimlessly trying to find a weapon powerful enough to even kill a raptor the size of a turkey?I'd be much happier if they went with the same hunting mechanic as the original where you pick your weapon loadout at the lodge before you head out.  I know they basically replaced the lodge with the drop ships, but the fact that you need to earn so many credits for even a basic weapon, makes this game ridiculously tedious, and hard to enjoy.You should start the game with at least a capable rifle, and then scavenge/buy more ammo as you need it. Sure, have the player able to find new weapons in crates still, but at least give them a capable weapon to start with so they can enjoy the game. I didn't buy a hunting game to ""survive"", I bought it so I could hunt dinosaurs. And if I were going to hunt dinosaurs in real life, you can be damn sure I'd be taking a rifle with me from the get-go.Another small issue that needs to be fixed is the weird ""wave-splashing"" effect, that seems to come out of the ground or in the middle of a lake. I think the water would look much better if that effect was just scrapped completely.The flora in this game also doesn't seem to be nearly as convincing as it is in the original theHunter game. I'm not sure what it is about it, but it just doesn't look as good as the original. I love the look of the forests in the original game. The jungles in Primal, not so much.Also, the sound is a big issue with me. In the original ""theHunter"", the sound has it's issues, sure (mainly just the fact that footsteps would sound like they're on top of you, even though they could be 100 yards away), but for the most part. ""theHunter"" sounds beautiful, the entire time you're playing.In Primal, the sounds in the forests/jungle aren't anywhere near as immersive, and it also suffers from the same ""close-sounding"" footsteps problem. Also, some of the sounds are just strange. I'm not sure if it's just Utah Raptors, or all (I think there's like five...) of the species, but there's always this strange ""dragging"" sound when one is close, and I have no idea what that sound is supposed to represent, but it just sounds awful, and not natural at all.I've also encountered quite a few areas where there is a beeping sound as if I'm close to a supply crate, but there is nothing to be found. So after searching the area for a while to see if there is a ""hidden"" crate, I just give up, and leave. This has happened in quite a few areas for me.Now, I don't want to sound like I'm completely bashing this game, because I really want it to succed. I just feel that there's no way they should have let it out of early access in the current state it's in, and they definitely shouldn't have called it a full release. It's not even in beta state in my opinion. They should have spent at least another 6-8 months on it, and ironed out the bugs at least, before releasing it. And that's not including all of the gameplay issues I have with this game.I wouldn't recommend buying this game yet, wait for them to (hopefully) release some major patches for it, to bring it closer to something that feels like an actual game, and not a tech demo. I'm glad they didn't go with the subscription price model like the original (Although I'm guessing that's the only thing that's kept the project alive for so long, otherwise they'd have no incentive to keep updating it), but I fear this ""game"" is going to become filled with microtransactions to bring it up to the caliber of hunting simulation it's predecessor is."
76561198073606495,Not Recommended,322920,32036504,Posted: 29 May,all,shiftyjim,"Game is pretty - it ran on my 8800 GTS (512MB version) with some tweaking - it still looked pretty.Game AI is pretty good - some of teh stuff needed addressing early on and the developers did a good job with teh content, but sadly, there is lack of focus on adding more creature content, which has widely been asked for.  'Horrifying dinosaur all stars such as' more like - this is the whole list.  Its sad to me - because this game concept is actually really cool.  I thouroughly enjoy the realistic aspect of this game over anything like ark.  It has multiplayer support and i can coop or pvp with my friends - It has massive replayability - and yet, they failed to pursue.  Why?  Add Herbavores.  Add some hunting of predators.  Add some more human sized critters.  I don't know what the limits of the system are, but I don't want to play another hunter product because they aren't nearly as challenging as this one is.  It isn't a thrill to me to hunt some digital artwork like in other hunter games.  This game appeals to me as I can be hunted as well.  Stir in some post apocolyptic/alien exploration aspect - I'm hooked.  Why won't you develope this game?"
76561198029757263,Recommended,322920,15252792,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,lux3y,"Great game , needs still some polishing but over-all AMAZINGLY INTENSE game. Don't believe the haters / kids reviews u see on here cos there is ALOT , don't expect a shoot'm up lock 'n load rambo game cos this is still Hunting and being Hunted , if u like hunting , stealth , sneaky up there backs for that perfect 1shot (even with bow and arrows) then this game is what ur looking for, if u think will spawn in and ready to go spray some dino's , u will have a really bad time ...So i played 500hours+ i know what i'm saying , its a GREAT game if u come for the right reasons. HAPPY HUNTING"
,Not Recommended,322920,15158086,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Xenophyter,"This game is still early access quality.Do not purchase it and fund these ""Rush to 1.0"" style dev cycles. Developers need to realize that they have to actually get a game in a relatively finished state before release."
76561198114881982,Not Recommended,322920,27765335,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,123,Great game with alot of potential but was abandonded by the devs even after have mass amounts of early access supporters i do not recomended buying this because it is not a finished game in any way shape or form and i believe anyone who chose to support this game should be offered a refund
76561198104172778,Not Recommended,322920,29347940,Posted: 18 January,all,CytokineShitStorm,"This game... I don't even know where to begin, honestly. When this game first came out in beta, it was absolutely amazing. Sure, there were bugs and it felt slightly empty, but it showed promise and was a hunting simulator for DINOSAURS. Now when I say hunting simulator, I'm not talking about some new age Cabela's game where the whole goal is to track deer to a preset location for a monster buck with the same score in every disc and every playthrough. No, this game was unique. Everything was different, dinosaurs were rather rare and so it made the hunting aspect so much more enjoyable. For an early access game, i expected nothing less from the makers of TheHunter.Let's flash forward a bit now. The game was released fully with like three to four more primary additions from early access. That' it. Since then, there has been minimal contact from the developers, the bugs still persist, and anger and disappointment still exist in the community. This game was, from the start, only meant to be an extremely minor side project for the some of the developers at Avalanche. What said developers do not seem to grasp is that this game caters to a whole different demographic of people, which for some reason doesn't seem to interest the marketing department of this company at all. So, ultimately, it seems as though Avalanche only gives a damn about two game frachises: The original ""TheHunter"" and ""Just Cause"". Any others are pretty much trash, with the only attention it deserves is to pick it up off the floor.I am extremely disappointed in the state of this game and from what I can tell, its not going to get better. I will still play this game, (at least if a new patch comes out which reenables my ability to actually start it without freezing pre-title screen), but ultimately, its not worth the $10 to purchase. I regret having made my purchase in the past, but i have had fun on it with my friends.TL;DRDon't buy it unless it starts selling for like $5. The game isn't worth it.It's buggy, empty, and pitiful.So much wasted energy on a potentially amazing game from a company who doesn't give a damn about its fans unless they play ""TheHunter"" and pay a subscription."
,Recommended,322920,13419367,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,typical me in the palm trees,Took 2 hours to find a Utahraptor. Suddenly felt like I was Muldoon.Good game.
,Not Recommended,322920,16953771,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,"ThePyroDino™, Plague Doctor","I can descrbe this game in 1 scentence: $25 for a game that feels likle an alpha, is no longer supported by the devs, and lacks content."
,Not Recommended,322920,15215179,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ripin3,"Don't even bother. Another unfinished game, sold on a promise of a real game."
76561198012748979,Not Recommended,322920,15154059,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Balle Kuling,♥♥♥♥ing fix the game before releasing it. Copy paste pointers from the old Carnivores game. Morons.
76561198073229691,Not Recommended,322920,34048811,Posted: 5 August,all,Motor Head,This game was developed by Expansive Worlds as a quick money maker then abandoned. Stay away from anything made by this company.
76561198003012628,Recommended,322920,13900830,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Slash MacLeod,"I guess I'll write a few things about the game. TL:DR version at bottom, even that is long.First things first, this is an EA release which means its full of issues and is incomplete as far as content goes. Visually it looks very good, and the sounds are good though there are a few glitches, especially when standing near someone who is trigger happy, or about to be eaten.  The issues I have no doubt will be ironed out but their release target of early March 2015 is rapidly approaching.  And as far as content, if this game ends up getting the same kind of attention to updates and additions as theHunter has, then we will not be wanting for different critters to hunt, or varying types of gear.As far as the gameplay goes this is one of the most fun games I've played in quite a while, and doubly so when playing with friends. And you do need to play with some friends or at least make some and travel around in a group, as your suvival chances are very slim with no allies.  The only thing that becomes an issue when in a large group is ammunition, as there is usually a shortage for everyone, not like that is better for solo players however.The problem here lies in the loot tables, or rather the amount of loot/ammo whatever that shows up in each box. The boxes need to have at least double the ammo available if not more, and there really is no point in having a stack of 1 round that you cannot merge into other stacks, same with healing sprays.(Fixed! You can now stack ammo and stuff, GJ Devs!)Players shold be able to jump, and possibly climb low walls and rocks.And lastly, as with theHunter, there really needs to be dedicated servers for this game, as the host/client connection issues that plague theHunter are present in this game, with players timing out or crashing every few minutes, it can become frustrating just to play for a few hours.TL;DR versionPros-Amazingly fun with a group.Good visuals, some of the scenery is quite beautiful.Good sound, the sound of a T-Rex stomping near me makes my whole house shake with the sound turned up!Great potentialCons-Incredibly high learning curve.Exceptionally difficult almost futile to play solo, turning some gamers away, and others to hacking/exploits.Obvious glitches and bugs that would cripple a live release (I expect they will fix this by release)No Dedicated Servers, and with the crappy hosting/client system this will keep many players from fully experiencing the game.Tiny pool of creatures to hunt (Obvious that more will be added)Small pool of weapons (also expect this to change soon; WTF no .50 BMG? SRS GIEZ)No combining stacks of ammo or healing sprays? (Fixed stacking now works!)Very low loot tables, crates need at least double the ammo/healing loot if not more.No jumping, climbing or swimming, cause these trained dinosaur hunters haven't learned that, and they can't even run very far.Any idiot can hack the game, at the very least, hosts need to be able to ban players from their servers, as one bad experience can ruin the game for people.Takeaway: Great fun with a few friends and easily worth 20 bucks."
76561197993914524,Not Recommended,322920,15232177,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Velvet Thunder,"A good game with much potential, Ruined by a rush from alpha to release, in just over/if not 4months.. if they had of taken the time and fixed all the glitchs it would've been great.. but alas like all games of late they care more bout the $$ than the game.. the dev team was updateing the game nicely and quite quickly compared to many out there but now that its been bumped into a released state it is not worth the money..thou quite fun -the glitches"
,Recommended,322920,15436025,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,WoodyWang,"If you don't like the hunter you probably wont like this game. That's just the way it is! Its not for the cod or bf2 fans. Its not run and gunning and running around without consequences. You have to play it like you are actually hunting or as close to that as you can get in a game. If you run you'll only spook the herbivores and call the predators. You have to place your shots. I see all these videos and almost 90% of the time they shoot for the head. You must go for those body shots, Like real hunting specifically the vitals besides dinos in this game have small brains and the chance of hitting them there is slim if at all. Hit em in the hart or the lungs and their gona go down if not immediately then within a few feet. Your the hunter and the hunted depending on the situation.Ive only been playing about 7 hours but I haven't died once yet, have no room left to carry anything and I have full camo because im careful and not in any rush. Ive never used the run meter once because you don't even need it if you play the way the game is intended. The metter is also for swinging handheld weapons so conserve it if you like to use it for running. The game is also very beautiful especially when everything is on high.With all this said, are there issues with the game? Of course. Is the game getting better? I think so and the immersion is really that good especially the thunder and lightening. Dinos do get stuck on cliffs, the t-rex has some issues and yes there is no swimming to name a few. Basically  I think that most of the complaints are from people who expect this game to be something it never was going to be. I also believe the games not the problem here its the people who play it, then complain that its not what THEY expected it to be.Like I said at the beginning of this review, If you like the hunter than you'll like the the hunter primal. If your looking for run and gun or a swimming simulator then go play something else because this isn't it nor will it ever be. Please also remember, when they say realistic that is also realative! My deffinition of what realistic is, of course is different than yours but as games go this one comes very close. If its not realistic enough for you then I suggest going outside and doing some real hunting!"
,Recommended,322920,13411765,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,go away to fear,"TL:DR > The game is great, if you liked The Hunter, this is an even better experience, and not haunted by monthly pay to plays subscription. If you're above the fence about buying it, just do it, you won't regret.Now to the review:First things first, i liked a lot The Hunter but i just could not stand the huge monthly pricing, it would probably be one of my favourite games if you could just pay it once and play forever. So, when i saw this game, i did not had much option other than to just buy, a game so similar to the hunter being pay it only once with no micro transations? I'm in!About the game> This is The Hunter on steroids, you are stranded on a wild planet, you've been sent as cannon fodder before the colonization, even though the lore is as basic as the Avatar movie, it is enough to get you going. You start off with just a bow and a few arrows, and you have to scavenge drop boxes left around the planet if you want to survive, and, while you do that, you get to hunt dinossaurs.Hunting dinossaurs is a bit different from hunting wild boars, the carnivores won't hesitate to have you as their next meal, and they don't lack the ability to track you down. Most of the times, it is best to just let your prey go than to engage in combat, if you lack the element of surprise, this is not The Hunter, this is Be Hunted. You will find yourself lots of times listening closely for clues about your foes as you crawl away through the dense foliage, not for the faint hearted.Exploring is just awesome as the world feals really life-like, with a awesome science-fiction touch as you see yourself orbiting another huge planet exploring a planet that highly resembles Earth. Bonus points for hunting with your friends, you won't forget the first triceratops you'll put down after a lot of teamwork, yes, the bow may not be the best weapon for hunting such beasts, but it surely can get the job done. Also, this comes to another point: can you play it offline? Yes, you can, but unlike The Hunter you WILL need some help taking down the larger animals and surviving the dinoes that hunt in pack, find some friends and do it together!Also, as this game is based off on The Hunter, a hunting simulator, you can expect long walks and some frustrating situations,, but that is part of the features, if you don't like it, this game might not be for you.Of course not everything is great, and, for now, probably we can blame early access for it, sometimes the interface gets clunky, or there might be some technical errors. I am not mentioning the lack of content, as there is way too few dinossaurs and guns to keep you interest for a long time, but it will probably get only better with time."
76561198032241185,Not Recommended,322920,31491546,Posted: 1 May,all,tabaka,"Could have been a great game but...  Great graphics, beautiful sandbox.  Very buggy and rarely patched.  When it is patched the patches often do very little to correct the problem.  I've had it since the beginning and it just gets worse as time goes by.  Lately, it crashes often and you loose everything you have.  No longer worth the cost, even if it is half of what I paid for it."
76561198066156453,Not Recommended,322920,15215002,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Lucasian,"I have to say this game feels unfinished in many ways. From mechanics to physics to no swimming to Dino-AI. Seriosly, when have you ever heard someone gag like they are being waterboarded standing in knee deep water??I also feel that a game like this should have game cotroller support and not require walking for miles just to reach the human players you are co-operating with. It's extremely frustrating and feels hostile to co-op gameplay.  I walked for miles to reach my team mates who were actually engaging dinosaurs, while I didn't see any of them. To be blunt, the spawning system sucks.It has potential but I feel like there are better man vs dinosaur games out there like Primal Carnage Extinction. Sure, I just got the game and played it for an hour but first impressions are not good. Especially considering it's a game from ""Just Cause"" developers Avalanche Studios."
76561198135544415,Recommended,322920,14005962,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RabbitDarko,"I wish it had more then 5 dinos...but its never going to get more.Pros: World is massive.- Sounds are fantastic, and scary. Gunfire sounds extremely well in this game. You can hear a fellow hunter over 800m away fire round after round as he is swarmed by raptors.  Raptors sound great and you can hear them close in on you.-Terrain does what it should, the forest and different areas are very dense with foilage. So raptors can get real close to you without you seeing them. Stealth is a MAJOR part of gameplay.-The community seems very friendly and willing to help you or talk with you. Almost every game ive joined ive left adding a friend on steam.  Hunting together is extremely fun and has saved my life a few times being in a larger group. In that same note, ive seen 2 t-rexs tear up a crowd of players in a valley i was attempting to join up with.-The actual hunting can be really fun, as these dinosaurs can be tracked across the entire map, provided your skilled enough to keep their trail. It looks similiar to what i believe evolve is going to have for tracks. You can use dino calls, you scavenge for your gear like a dayz game, but your customizing and inventory is like an old school resident evil. Not much to it yet, there are scopes and different weapons but not many so far. 1 bow, 1 pistol, 2 rifles, 1 shotgun. different rounds for them liek the shotty has buck and slug.The cons:-DINO AI..(sometimes)......it needs patching but potential is there. A dinosaur can hear you, see you, and even track you. The raptors work in packs and can provide an issue because you do seem to get attacked by them from multpile directions. However, sometimes they charge past you, or walk right by you even tho your not hidden, they walk funny up hills, they sometimes aimlessly make wierd turns,The trex seems to have a few malfunctions aswell. Theres only 3 dinosaurs at the moment, with what i assume is ALOT more to come. SOmetimes dinosaurs stand there or get stuck and you can take them down easily. Other times, you get killed and never even saw it coming. Due to the small amount of species in the game thus far, their interactions from what i have seen are minimal. Smaller dinos run away from the big one. I would love to see the world become more alive in future updates. Maybe come over a hill and find a pack of raptors attacking a herd of herbavores or a single trex. I wish the raptors necks would turn to acknowldge you, the seem very rigid at times. other times its fine.ConclusionIts in alpha, and its already as solid as the carnivors games we had on pc in the early 2000s. Even with the bugs, that we all know alphas must go through, this game is a blast, and i do recommend it alsong as you dont get mad easily and can undertsand there will be problems as the game polishes out. I am having a blast though...I made this 1min 40 sec youtube video of the game just for fun,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZH7idrkI58&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,322920,23810120,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Catwings,a very different but still very creative game. Its like a prehistoric servival spin off of the Hunter whitch is exactly why I would recomend this game. it's fun and active and still keeps the consept of a hunting simulator (a very good one at that). I would recomend this to anyone with a love of prehistoric nature and hunting/ servival games.
,Recommended,322920,13673748,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Emperor of Pi,"This is the most realistic prehistoric hunting game I've played. Makes the Carnivores series seem not so impressive. The island is huge, detailed, and beautiful. Great night/day transistions. Amazing dinosaurs. Hard, but very fun survival game. Can't wait until they release the full version.Pros:Amazing GraphicsBeautiful DinosaursMassive and detailed mapCons:A LOT of walking. Seriously, you can walk for over an hour to get to certain places.Meeting a T-Rex is basically a death sentance.Incredibly hard to get away once being spotted by an UtahraptorReasons to get this game:Get this is you like ultra realistic walking simulatorsGet this if like being reminded about just how bad you are at video gamesGet this to realise just how quickly you'd be eaten by dinos in real lifeAnd FINALLY, get this game if you like to be chased and eaten by Utahraptors in 5 seconds...Awesome Game."
76561198071726917,Recommended,322920,13601408,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PaleoIndianSumerian,Primal is a must buy for players who prefer games that will kill you almost every time you play or leave you wondering how you survived the one or two encounters you will have ammo for. Look 2014 produced few online games but theHunter: Primal stands out because its not just a survival FPS where your friends or you become bait for a random t-rex (yes more than one t-rex per server) its a massive 9.3square mile openworld where the achievements arent annoying or stale although there can be packs of more than 4 Utahraptor if you dont think being attacked by a t-rex after you have killed multiple Utahraptor isnt the most difficult online experience Steam has to offer in 2014 then you sir are a real lunatic theres a 16player slot maximum for co op pvp dmg optional seems the world is meant for incompitentgriefers who run in ammostarvedgroups you get a bowandarrows after death to help you recover your corpseloot 5/10
,Not Recommended,322920,15149609,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Honky,"Released from early access too soon as usual. Save your money and give it a miss, you probably wont enjoy an unpolished quarter of a game."
76561198029095841,Not Recommended,322920,24799211,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,EmergencyTurtle,"Before you read too much into this, theHunter: Primal is a good game.However, the lack of updates and support from developers leaves this game feeling too empty and unrewarding for the player.The game currently features only 5 dinosaurs to hunt which isn't bad to start, but it get's old fast. This isn't helped by the fact that two of them behave very similarly, so you basically only have 4 unique dinos to hunt.Again, if the game were recieving constant updates this would be fine, but it's become pretty clear that this game is dead to them so they can work on more lucrative projects.The only bonus I guess would be that nothing is locked behind a pay wall like in theHunter. You get everything just for buying the game.That being said, the game itself is fun. It is an actual hunting simulator that you hunt dinosaurs in. Many people complain that it takes too long to get from A to B and that there isn't enough going on for most of the game. While things are spread VERY far appart and it can take a long time to walk to where you want to go... it's a hunting simulator.You're supposed to track things for a long time and have to walk long distances. It makes it feel more real for me. Just don't be expecting to run into the dino you're looking for after a few minutes or have giant, fast paced battles constantly.The game is very much: walk, track, walk, track, walk, track, shoot, track, walk, etc.Again, fine for some people, but not most.The main point of complaint would be lack of updates. The game does feel unfinished with only 5 dinos and no real reward system other than just buying better equipment. (Which is actually just annoying due to ammo and weight restrictions.)TL;DR: Amazing concept and execution hampered by the fact that the devs care more about money than this game. It's fun for a few hours but get's old fast. If you really want a realistic dino hunting game, buy this when it's on sale."
76561198081576933,Not Recommended,322920,28688856,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blazer,How to f*ck over your customers 101
76561197992659087,Recommended,322920,16313982,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bodo Fraggins,"This game is great ... excellent graphics textures and terrain etc ...  devs did a good job on dinosaur AI, tracking and bullet damage system, which are hard things to get right.It can be a hard and cruel game which makes it feel that much more rewarding when you get kills and find good weapons and ammo. It gets a bit easier when you get to level 20 and can buy shotgun and buckshot ammo to fight your way back to your backpackIf you want to realistically simulate hunting dinosaurs and like a challenge, this game does the jobIf this is what you are looking for then you should ignore all the butthurt players posting reviews  who can't handle how hard the game is ... or expect some shiny new dinosaur, gun or hat to be added every week otherwise they rage quit.It would be good if the devs were more focused on improving and expanding TheHunter:Primal but it doesn't stop what has been made so far from being a unique and enjoyable game"
76561198049110629,Not Recommended,322920,15146615,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,janirobe,"Added Flying Dinos and ruined the game. Very lack luster like every other game out nowadays. Devs never put any thought into making the experience enjoyable. Since this is the full release my answer is now safe to say, don't buy this. Before full release I would have said to buy this."
76561198115134313,Recommended,322920,13506787,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Armalo 1994,"Day 4.Still hiding in the foliage, with 2 buckshot left.T Rex is out there somewhere, I can hear it... stomping around.Surrounded by Raptors, and If they find me, I will have to start shooting, but the T Rex will hear the shots...Just gotta wait it out a little bit longer...----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you're a fan of stealth mixed with survival / scavenging, then this game is perfect for you. T Rex's are perhaps the most terrifying thing you will ever try to run, hide, or even fight, as even hiding silently they can randomly find you within dense foliage, or inside a hollow tree trunk.There are a few problems with the inventory such as 1 buckshot round can take up the same amount of space as 5 buckshot rounds for example. It's like ammo is sorted out into individual groups, and once you run out of shots in an ""ammo group"", then you have to go into your inventory and place new group into the active slot, which would be tedious during a big fight.The game is very slow paced, as the player must allways take care when traveling from outpost to outpost. Sprinting randomly while traveling can leave the player in dire situations. I haven't been able to play multiplayer yet, but when I do I will update my early access review. Overall, the game has a ""hardcore"" feeling to it, and I have enjoyed the game so far.UPDATEStarted getting into multiplayer, but no PVP stuff (perhaps for the better). We managed to take down a T Rex after tracking it for about 20 minutes, as it was wounded and we were following blood trails.Video of the moment below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp8Vx3uavnY&feature=youtu.beOverall, I think I'm gonna be playing a lot more multiplayer now."
76561198145960593,Not Recommended,322920,15190795,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,killemall,"In early access this game was actually quite good. The 3 dinosaurs, and duplicating glitches, allowed people to enjoy the game and have fun playing it. The ballence of rexs and the other dinosaurs were almost perfect, and if it released then, way more people would have played it. Then here comes the new updates, which ruined the game. First, the machette was added instead of the usual bow. The bow was good because, with experence, you could kill any dinosaur you wish. But now its almost impossible to hit or kill the flying Quetzalcoatlus or the rex due to the rex having its ability to stomp on you (even if you are ahead of it sometimes you can be ""stomped""). What I also dislike was when the rex was in early alpha, you could dodge the rex, and could kill it with any type of weapon (even a bow if you had enough arrows). If would charge and you would dodge it. Simple as that. Then came the ""improvements"" with it. The first and fixed part was an increased spawn rate (which was bad, I will come back to this point in a minute), and secondly they ""fixed"" the rex running in one direction and can now (on a dime) spin and one shot you. Pair that with horrible hit markers and you got a n almost unkillable beast. The last and final straw was when they added the Quetzalcoatlus. They made the birds so common and so deadly (it would pick you up and drop you to your death) that most players stopped playing until the devs created a patch for them. The other ""broken"" thing about them is that it is almost impossible to ""lead"" you gun when they fly, and can only land a hit on them when they are in their attack charge. The worst part about these ""birds"" is that they can only be one shotted with a 700. gun (the 2nd best gun in the game) and even if you shoot it n the face with shotgun shells, it will shake off the damage and still kill you. Overall a unfinished and unpolished game. Needs major fixes for its community to not move onto another game."
,Recommended,322920,13375919,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Katyusha,"Spawn inTake BowLook around ""This game's pretty.""Hear T-Rex RoarStomping intensifiesProne instantlyT-Rex standing on meGod help meSpin around in circlesDecides when I wave at him that thats a racist thing to do to a T-Rex10/10-Will play more and hope for it to grow"
76561198079759986,Not Recommended,322920,15650215,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,EleSheep.Kitty Pie™,"*UPDATE:*Someone asked why i bought the game in first place, well i remember playing Carnivores 2 for PC when i was a kid and it was incredibly fun.Now keep something in mind, Carnivores 2 had 600% more Dinosaurs, more weapons, a in-game shop with airdrops and even had a Hall of Trophies where you can select a 20 limit show room with your dinosaur harvests and the freaking game is 16 years old... that's right 1999.* *This review used to be positiveAlmost half year playing the god forsaken game when the game was still in the beta, the developers doesn't even care, they don't know how to balance mechanics and they keep f*cking up even harder every time a patch comes in, they keep ""fixing"" cheats instead of fixing actual game breaking bugs or imposible-to-even-play bugs, been more than 5 months and:-You still die by invisible T-rexes 5 seconds or even 2 inmdiatelly after each respawn making the items you buy useless and a complete waste of gold and yes you heard right EACH because EVERY-SINGLE-TIME you respawn you'll get killed by a T-rex no matter where you respawn or how far from the previous death you'll die nonstop until you restart the game or it crashes.-The textures keep f*cking up and the most time you playing without restarting the server the glitchier they become.-After 12a.m. pacific time the servers become sh*t making the lobbies slower, the dinosaurs to teleport, glitch, become invisible, respawn in the sky, kill with 1 hit and fly away to a random place, do a permanent moon walk still taking dammage and acting like they are alive making players waste bullets on them and many other bugs and glitches.-The map can dissapear or just don't show the icons of important places you already visited if you start the game, join a server, leave the server and joining another one without restarting the game.-Bodyparts from the player can dissapear mid-game making the cammo used in this slots be useless and literally non-existant from the game.-Poisonous plants can insta heal the 100% hp of the player-The AI still goes ape sh*t, the dinosaurs can't walk over rocks otherwhise they moon walk endlessly, they get stuck on trees, walls, etc, if 2 players shoot at the same time the dinosaur walks in circles, when they die while sprinting or leaping there is a small chance of the dinosaur flying away, dissapear or get assimilated to the floor making impossible a way to harvest the creature (if it flies away you can still find it at a random position of the entire map).-Awful banning system, if you ban someone from the server the player can still join with no problems no matter how many bans you already gave to the same person.-Constant bugs that involve: Sounds glitching, rain to randomly change (it'd be raining but the sound doesn't triggers and the hunting effects of rain doesn't apply, or it couldn't be raining but the effect would still apply or you could hear the rain but the graphics doesn't show it, etc.)-Splitting ammo into different stacks for friends now dissapears the ammo dropped.-Incomming sound from Rexes constantly glitching, getting cut in half or just comming out like a broken diologue-Broken hitboxes where at times hitting the same spot you get a heart shot and other times hitting in a completely different place you would still get the heart shot or hitting the tail you'll end up with a lung shot.And much more.They released the game as ""full"" when it even has more glitches than Skate 3 and with a even more broke AI than a Ubisoft game.I could buy Don't Starve Together and Besiege with the money spent on this game2/10 It's one of those games that should never leave the beta, proclaiming this as a ""Full Game"" is criminal"
76561198048170467,Not Recommended,322920,16210512,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Future,"This game is amazing and could easily be the developers BIGGEST TITLE and the best dinosaur game on the market! Unfortunately, the developers don't seem interested in the community feedback and game changing updates in the near future isn't a probable possibility. If they wound only listen to the community and show some enthusiasm and support for the things the player base wants then this game would easily be a 10/10!. Until then I have to give this game a thumbs down. The Hunter Primal is like owning your dream car. Its beautiful, perfect and everything you ever wanted. The title is in your name and you have full ownership, unfortunately they never made a key for it...So whats the point of having this awesome dream car that I CAN'T DRIVE. The Hunter Primal, nearly perfect, but unfinished."
,Not Recommended,322920,17931991,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,☯ Blu ☯,"They are not working anymore on this game, just adding some rare textures to some dinos but they dont make anymore dinos! Honestly this game was cool at the beggining but now i think i wasted money its not worth buying anymore. This game only has 5 dinos i mean what the hell?!Any game on steam with dinausaurs has more then 5!its a waste of money so wait until the add more creatures to the game, if they even have the energy to work on their own game."
,Recommended,322920,14333378,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TrIcKsTeRR,"TheHunter: PRIMALOVERVIEWOK.... So theHunter: Primal is very very similar to theHunter (obviously) however the main difference are the fact that you cannot purchase anything and then equip them when you first start because it is not a hunting expedition, it's survival... However they have just added an in-game money system, where everytime you harvest a dino, you get money and when you level up, you unlock something in the shop, so when you die, you get taken to a shop where you can purchase weapons and whatnot before you spawn...But it's not like other survival games... you can't build stuff... you basically just gotta scavenge containers and bags and/or kill other players and take their stuff... if it's set to PVP of course...The graphics are a little better than the hunter in my opinion and who can ever forget the beautiful sunrise and sunset water colours... and choice scenery!As far as gameplay, the mechanics are buggy, but can only get better with time. The player movements are different from the Hunter the walking and running are faster, but they have introduced a sprint system which uses stamina and is extremely loud to attract dinosaurs. (Only use in emergency) The hunter mate (although called settler mate) works exactly the same way, spotting and tracking works the same but there isn’t tracking or spotting skill levels, and of course trophy shots and harvesting work the same way also. You don't get experience for weapon use in this game either...There is also a new tracking feature in which I really like... when you wound an animal and you track it's blood, it tells you in percentage how injured it is... for eg.... after shooting a T-Rex 6 times with a shotgun, after scanning it's blood it told me that it had 45-60% health left and the next time I shot it once... it said 30-48% (as well as body/intestine shot etc)THE GOOD- Great graphics- Excellent immersion (especially when the t-rex is nearby or when a raptor knows you're there and he/she calls out to the pack to help look for you)- Cool map with central volcano (no dinosaur game is complete without a volcano to set the mood)- Has major potential for many wonderful things- No pay to win, no money at all (except in-game currency from harvesting)- Injury percentage for prey- When you die, you can retrieve your goods from your old backpack... as long as no-one else has pillaged it!!- Thunderstorms :D- Mean looking dinosaursTHE BAD- Lots of gameplay bugs and a rushed full release from Early Access- Only five dinosaurs... T-Rex, Utahraptors, Triceratops, Velociraptors and Quetzalcoatlus (Dino-birds)- Scavenging gets boring and old really quickly - needs traditional ‘the Hunter’ mode- Controls are very stiff and sometimes sluggish- Bad framerates in high detailed areas such as swamps and dense jungle regions- Faulty hit register, (shoot the 6,000kg T-Rex in the heart with a .700 while it's standing still and it registers as only a body hit, where sometimes I can drop a 10,000kg Triceratops on the run with one .308 round to the heart, where the bullet hole is on the leg... Can be quite frustrating at times... as you die from not dropping them or you run out of ammo...- Quetzalcoatlus seem to be able to swoop through hilly terrain and through metal spikes and grab you, even though you shot them in the head...- Sound is a little buggy crossing from biome to biome- The Quetzalcoatlus, although remarkable are very annoying and frustrating to deal with at times...WHAT IT NEEDS- Need to be able to craft something, to build defences to stand a chance killing dinosaurs without dying- Needs more dinosaur species (especially herbivores) and less of the current ones for a nice balanced game- Need to see the Dinosaurs attacking each other... raptors attacking T-rex and Triceratops, Velociraptors getting taken by Quetzalcoatlus and the traditional T-Rex versus triceratops battle...- Maybe a 4 wheeler would be good as usually the game spawns you on the other side of the map as your friends- The T-rex needs to have a bigger roar like on Jurassic Park... to really make your hairs stand on end.- A traditional ‘the Hunter’ mode, to create expeditions instead of scrounging around...VERDICTOverall I give this game a 6.5/10, well worth $15 - $20 AUD MAX... but knowing the developers... they did such an awesome job with ‘the Hunter’... So I expect the same with this... So if you like the Hunter I recommend getting ‘the Hunter: Primal’, especially since Dinosaurs will soon be ruling Hollywood again, it's nice to finally see a switch from zombie survival for once.Also a funny thing... when you find some T-Rex poo, you'll notice it has human arms and some skulls in it... fkn hilarious!! Even funnier than that Jurassic Park satellite phone scene!!"
76561198130102129,Not Recommended,322920,15231360,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rewild,"I'll recommend it when it's been finished, with no glitches. The content doesn't bother me so much, they can always add new dinos, pterosaurs etc as they go and the ones they have are relitively scientifically acurate. The irritating thing is how glitchy it still is, there are so many major problems, from flying velociraptors, underwater T-rex's, Quetzals stuck in animation loops and empty and unchangable inventories when you know you have kit. Then of course there is the game completely crashing because your bow loads a rock on it.I expected more of a survival type game, with hunger to keep at bay, some safer areas to set up camps and the ability to craft better weapons etc. Unless you manage to meet up with another player or two making noise via shooting or running is pretty much suicide.On the other hand, apart from the horrendous glitching and a bit of a question mark over the Tyranosaurs apparent steel plated skin the game is enjoyable when it's working."
76561198033077640,Not Recommended,322920,27667739,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PaniK,"I enjoyed this game, it had a lot of potential back then...so much so in fact that I put some time and effort in answering a survey the devs sent out over a year ago. There were actually quite a lot of us who helped the devs identify all the current gameplay issues, and give them some feedback on how we who like the game to progress moving forward. The devs had made it well clear that they were prepared to put in the effort into creating new content for the game, and the community and the players believed them and supported them.A little over a year later (after completing the survey), we finally hear back from the dev team with a laughable patch, stating the game is now in full release (with the price heavily knocked down).Needless to say we all know what that means. The dev team has abandoned development on this game and has run away with the early access money from the players and most importantly, they did not deliver on their promise to the whole community.I must say I'm baffled that Steam allows these developers to get away with charging full price on a game and failing to deliver: it’s a lack of respect on both the players and on steams’ standards.Most importantly, it teaches us that we should never purchase a game in early access. Lesson learned then.Do not purchase this game."
,Not Recommended,322920,15240421,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ImortalFalcon,"All though theHunter: Primal looks promising, that's just it, a game sold on promises alone with which few are filled.Expansive map that's a chore to navigate on foot with more predators than herbivores making up the breadth of the dino roster. You're going to have a difficult time having fun being tossed back in the spawn again and again."
76561197967645948,Not Recommended,322920,15163011,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,McRed,"DON'T LET THE POSITIVE REVIEWS FOOL YOU! MOST OF THOSE WERE WRITTEN BY PEOPLE DURING THE GAME'S EARLY ACCESS STAGE. WHICH THE DEVS ARE CONVENIENTLY INCLUDING WITH THE GAMES FULL RELEASE!Major network issues with the game. To this day a lot of people still have trouble hosting, even after forwarding the correct ports, which they shouldn't have to do in the first place!This game was more fun in its EA stage than it is right now. They released it prematurely without ironing out all the bugs.The dino populations and AI are still a mess. There are glitches o' plenty (Birds grabbing you even though you're clearly out of reach, Rexes biting through walls etc.)Gameplay is missing basic fundamentals. (No jump ability, Crippled Aim Down Site/Slow movement while aiming, inadequate stamina, etc.)No dedicated servers. (official or player hosted)No control for the Game host. (weather control, selective dino species, gear theft -other players can take your gear in the PVE environment-)There are no interactions between the Dinos. No Bull Trikes battling each other. No raptors ganging up on Trikes. No rexes eating raptors. Boasting ""most realistic"" and then delivering this as a final product? You gotta be kidding me...At one point I loved where this game was going.At this point I cannot recommend it.I really hope they make some drastic changes soon. I'd like to enjoy this game again sometime.And for the dumba$$es rejecting this review even though all I've done is pointed out facts. If you don't agree with facts maybe consider jumping on the scientology bandwaggon. You'd fit right in there!Here's a video I made supporting some of my claims. Just to show that some of these A$$clowns rejecting this review have no idea what a good functioning game is.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7mT8P84TCISince I made this video Dino AI is still a mess. The updates are very infrequent and the Devs have stated that they do not intend to work on the game anytime soon. I predict this game will ultimately crash and burn as there are many interesting alternatives on the horizon."
,Not Recommended,322920,31961326,Posted: 25 May,all,benjy552,about a year ago i would say buy this game! but now they added a patch that broke the game for almost everyone. your rank your money and your inventory will all reset after you leave the game. and now it feels like the devs have left this game to die because they are working on a new game rather then fixing this one. if they fix it its worth buying but at this time i dont recommend buying this game.
76561198080396399,Recommended,322920,19947061,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,sea dog,"This game still has got so much potential, but the devs just need to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and at least make a DLC if nothing else. Also, this game should be in early access as it has a relatively pathetic amount of content, although even in it's current state the game is very immersive.It seems like they'll be including a DLC in recent days. I think that's amazing, even though you could call this ''robbery'' since the game is still nowhere near finished I think the devs just need more motivation and this could still be one of the best dinosaur games ever to be released. Since most of you are not going to be reading all this I'll just get straight to the pros and cons of this game.Pros-Beautiful and large world-Plenty of potential-Extremely immersiveCons-Dinosaurs are way underpowered, especially utahraptor and velociraptor. If you're looking for a horror game with dinosaurs in it, this isn't your best choice-Huge lack of dinosaur species-No workshop supportNow, would I recommend this game in it's current state? Well that really depends on what you are looking for when buying this game. If you want to experience the dinosaurs living in their natural environment and experience the prehistoric-like ambience you will most likely love this game, even in it's current state.But if you aren't interested in this, and you want this game just to hunt the dinosaurs I would not recommend this game at the moment since there are only a few dinosaur species to hunt."
,Not Recommended,322920,20425018,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Zafiro☆Yashi☆Rena™,"This game HAD good potential... still does if the developers will actually come back to this game to fix some issues, provide support and add more content. My experience with support so far is terrible. I sent them an email about this error code (250477278) that has been keeping me from even starting the game since I couldn't find a fix for it in the forums, it took 12 days for anyone to reply back. They COULD HAVE just told me what this error meant or if they even knew what it meant in the first reply but for some reason didn't and just said ""sorry for the delay. Your ticket was found in our spam folder due to the ammount of time passed, if the issue hasn't been resolved or solution found please respond and we will look into it ASAP...""I replied back the very next day telling them the issue still hasn't been resolved yet and asked them if they could tell me what the error code means... it's been another 8 days and still no reply from them even letting me know if they have seen the message, are working on this issue or not... so far about an hour of my time on record for this game has been me sitting in the launcher screen trying to see if it's a graphics setting I have set causing these issues but have had no success and I have even tried reinstalling the game. It really does feel like the developers just took the money and ran so in this current state I have to advise against buying this game, because if something breaks it doesnt look like the developers are going to care too much."
,Not Recommended,322920,15241991,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,SunsOfOld,"Let's keep it simple.Graphics: 9/10Graphics here are nice and solid for the genre.  It won't make you wet yourself with glee but it's nice and clean.  No painful visual issues, at all.  Whoever did the lighting work did an excellent job.Controls: 8/10The controls are a bit unwieldy.  I adjusted the keyboard settings and it became quite comfortable though.  (Tip: The grave accent key to the left of the 1 is an excellent key to reassign something to for this one)Pacing: 5/10I found the pacing very odd.  I understand that it is an in dev game but there is oddly little to do.  Maybe more will come later but for those considering buying let me simplify it.  Right now, your life will consist of first hiding and crawling around on your belly to avoid scaly monsters.  Then, if you are very very lucky, you will get a weapon and it becomes your job to stop hiding and hunt them.    There are no other activities, strictly speaking, as far as I can tell.  You decide if that's fun for you.Price: 3/10While I definitely see the possibility for this game to become good I would say, 'Save your money for a bit.'  This either will drop in price or become worth the current one.  If you have limited gaming funds, try something else.  It is still too uncertain to say where this one will go."
,Recommended,322920,13772657,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sunday,"Post Early Access Update!I've got to say, with all of the constant bug fixing Avalanche has done to this game alone, you'd be crazy not to buy this game. Not to mention all of the great additions they've managed to add on the way. I am also very happy to see the 20% off discount with the game's full release. Grab this great game, folks.Early Access ReviewThis game looks like it has GREAT potential in the near future, as long as the developers continue to patch and update the current alpha version. As it standsI would have to recommend this gameas long as updates are continuously released and good changes are made.Of course, it is a 50/50 when purchasing a game this early in alpha stages. THERE ARE BUGS! Keep this in mind.PROS:- Great optimization- Realistic dino sounds. You can hear them a mile away.- Good sound quality.- Higher than average graphics. (I have screenshots on my profile w/high settings.)- Beautiful scenery.CONS:- Unstable and strange AI. Sometimes dinos walk over you, sometimes they chase you for miles.- The dreaded ""Player Timing Out Message"" whenever someone leaves a server.- Random crashing (Has gotten better with patches)All of these things are subject to change, as the game is in alpha!"
76561198051754397,Not Recommended,322920,15158135,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,murphman111,flying dino ruined the game. pests that one shot you more than a chalenge. would not call this a full release
,Recommended,322920,15609822,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,GhostPunk,"*Spawn*Figure the game out*Go to camp*Get a magnum and rifle*Walk for 5 min from camp*Utahraptor follows me*DEAD*Spawn again*Find a bow* Kill an Utahraptor (B**** please)*Another sneaks up on me*DEAD*Spawn again*Ask for help from two other players*Gave me a .700 Double shotgun* Went triceratops (trike) hunting*Killed two trikes*T-rex was behind us*Used one of the team mates as bait (according to team mate)*Team mate killed by Rex*While rex is enjoying its lunch*Shot it in the heart*Got a T-rex kill HELL YEAH12/10 Would play againDon't listen to the other comments that say this game isnt that good, because that just means they're impatient peoplewho dont know how to hunt.WARNING : IF YOU ARE IMPATIENT AT HUNTING DONT BUY ITS JUST A FACT.BTW they really fixed this game up especially the recent addition of 5 NEW weapons"
76561198037529965,Recommended,322920,31676139,Posted: 10 May,all,Andromeda,"I love it!I played it for a while, Graphics run well, and very well!I like Everything besides these:Cons:Rare UpdatesBuggyNo Passive/Neutral Dinosaurs (Trike is Territorial)I like it enough to give is a Thumbs Up, 8.5/10"
76561198314496686,Not Recommended,322920,33980607,Posted: 2 August,all,codyhood,It seems like no ones working on the game it has tons of bugs and no new content being added. it is also very hard cant walk 2 steps without dying and losing all your stuff.
76561198091156522,Not Recommended,322920,34974717,Posted: 15 September,all,LongBow722,"I really wish it was better... But they have all but forgotten about it. Maybe they'll make a new one using their apex engine. I love some of the ideas behind the game, but it was just so poorly executed that nobody really cared to play it. If they actually do make another one using the Apex engine I hope they use pretty well the same model from Call of the Wild but with some other mechanics that are more conducive to having dinosaurs in the game play."
76561197972588454,Recommended,322920,14101555,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,autoMATik,"loving the game, looks beautiful! fun to track dinos too. just wish there were more of them."
76561197970345556,Not Recommended,322920,15159147,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,VSG|The Brownstain,diarreah!
,Recommended,322920,13827444,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AaronSayWhat,"A lot of fun, especially with some friends to tag along! Although there are quite a few online server bugs but overall I would definitly recommend this game! You can see my gameplay videos on my YouTube channel if you want ;) (AaronSayWhat)."
,Not Recommended,322920,15159340,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Fatkid,♥♥♥♥ YOU DEVS......♥♥♥♥ YOU for doing what every sibgle alpha game does....steal hard working peoples money for lies and deciet......♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.....just like dayz and rust
76561198045043988,Not Recommended,322920,32368637,Posted: 12 June,all,ginos,just buy carnivores dinosaur hunter reborn instead
76561198064707578,Not Recommended,322920,15151318,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Ninevi,Like others have said. Full of bugs and glitches... Not even close to having enough content to be a full release game.
76561198033795502,Not Recommended,322920,15146980,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,BBHERMES,"I spent the almost entirity of my time playing this game dealing with an extremely annnoying texture glitch that I couldn't find any help for anywhere. Finally after about 2 hours I gave up and deciced ok even though my game has all the foliage mixed and blended together so I can't see where any of the supposed drop caches are supposed to be. I'll try to ignore it and just play. Then I spent the next 20 minutes dying over and over from  the flying dinosaurs on the map. There was no way to counteract them I couldn't hide, run, on fight them off becasue I couldn't find any weapons due to the strange foliage problem. I doubt I would have been able to kill them if I even wasn't dealiing with my strange glitch as what these enemies do is pick you up, fly you way up in the sky, and drop you for a one hit kill. The game overall feels very unfinsihed and should not have been released in this state. I really wish I had not bought it and as long as it is in this state no one should."
,Not Recommended,322920,15226886,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,YoYoYoMyNameIsJoe,"Dont really know what i have to say about this game... i bought it during alpha and expected big things from the game, and i got this at full release:1. 5 Dinosaurs........ 5 DINOSAURS?!?! 4 of them being agressive and only 1 herbivore2. the ai is so dumb! the dinosaurs only have a couple attacks which are extremely basic and you're never suprised by dinosaur encounters3. the game is boring, i know its a hunting game and hunting in real life is quite slow paced but the dinosaurs could at least attack each other which would create some excitement when you encounter the occurance.4. the game doesn't know what it's trying to be, is it a hunter game or a survival game? i can't tell.5. finally, the game is moderately fun, WHEN you're encountering a dinosaur WITH enough ammo and a weaponOverall, my final verdict/word to describe the game is unfinished, and if the developers do nothing with the game after the full release i urge you to not buy this game no matter the discounts it has because it probably isn't selling enough."
76561198071097921,Not Recommended,322920,28123187,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Klepto.The.Maniac,"I have been with this game from alpha, they could have made this game great, instead all you get is a very buggy game, with bad physics, (i.e.) 4 ton dinosaurs that wont stop rolling down hills, Pterasaurs that bug out mid air, low ammo drops, a terrible grind to level 50, you have to intentionally die to get ammo, the games cache seems broken, always fails to update, lack of dnosaur species, lack of good hunting equipment, lack of vehicles, or some form of hunters blind, lack of a base camp, lack of some form of escape from dinosaurs, terrible corpse runs.. Good weather effects, and graphics, but thats about it...It is my belief that they gave up on this game ages ago...They could have made this game a triple a title, instead they made it crap....oh well hopefully someone else will create a bad♥♥♥♥♥dinosaur game..The could have also made personal servers instead of their master server ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I will never support this company again.."
,Recommended,322920,14056944,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Your Boi Skinny Penis,"One of the best games I have erver played but it needs a lot of work, a couple of more dinosaurs like the spinosaur and carnotaurus, a couple more hervibores will be amazing like the Pachycephalosaurus and the Protoceratops, being able to swim would be nice too and water danger would be amazing like the megalodon or mosasaurus.The bow is too weak, you could add a better bow or crafting arrows and better arrows system, upgrading your bow would be nice too, I would like to see more weapons in the game and more tools like a coleman pick ore something like that, making a tent will be nice for hidding.This game still a lot of upgrades... but i simply love it!"
76561198020284133,Not Recommended,322920,15162170,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Rissquette,"I was very, very surprised to see that this game was released to soon after entering early access. A name like Avalanche Studios carries weight with me, and that's mostly the reason I bought this game a few days after it came out on early access. It didn't have much content, but it was in early access, so I has expecting that they'd add more. I was so very much hoping that I'd able to return to this game after a few months of development. I was wrong.First of all, this is not a bad game. It's a good game, don't get me wrong. The graphics are amazing, the sound design is probably the best of any game I've ever played, the dinosaurs are well designed and the terrain is well crafted. The world is massive and will take you at least an hour to walk from one side to the other on foot.With that being said, mechanically, this game is sound, more or less. The new flying dinos broke the game with their bugs, (thankfully, the worst one was fixed) they fly through terrain, are sometimes impossible to see or hear, and make you unable to reclaim your gear after you become dino-chow. There are a few more bugs related to the dinosaurs, but thankfully I've never encountered a crash.The game (to my knowledge) advertised this to be a survival game, but, don't be fooled: there is anything that remotely has to do with the ""survival"" genre that we've come to know and love within games like The Forest and Stranded Deep. The only type of ""survival"" to be found here is the kind where you avoid not being killed. This IS ""survival"", per se, as surviving literally means ""not dying"", but hey, semantics. I was really looking forward to the kind of survival that I thought was being advertised, and I suppose that it could be said that it was my misinterpretation of what I read that lead to my disappointment. I was so excited to make a base, look for food, water and weapons, make medicines and then go hunting for some large extraterrestrial lizards. (Yes, in case you didn't know, this game takes place on an alien planet.) I do know for sure that this game labels itself as ""realistic"". This is probably where my misconception originated from:""Hunt - Explore - Survive The most realistic prehistoric survival game ever created."" theHunter: Primal, 2014.There's nothing realistic about hunting dinosaurs on an alien planet. Trust me. I know my♥♥♥♥♥♥ But do I care about that? No, of course not. I get to hunt dinosaurs realistically, of course. All sillyness aside, and to summarize what I've just said, I'm sad I can't have a real dino-hunting/survival game.This leads me to me largest and most bitter gripe with this game: there's no content. There's nothing. Literally. Well, not literally... there's a few gigs of space being taken up by this on my C: drive, but it's substance is lacking quite a lot. There are a total of 5 dinosaurs to hunt. 5 dinosaurs in total.This is a dinosaur hunting game with only 5 dinosaurs. Why? There are only a few weapons too. These are what I can think of: Magnum, Rifle, Shotgun, .50 cal Sniper Rifle, Machete, Bow. The bow is REALLY buggy too, and I've never found the .50 cal Sniper Rifle. While there are some cool attachments you can put on your weapons, there is no excusing the lack of content here. Sure the world is big, but what good is it if there's nothing to do.The game is thirsty, it's STARVING, its emaciated; just begging---""Please, please, give me sustenance! Food, water!"" And we're here, kneeling beside this sad mess of skin and bones, screaming, ""Yes! Please! Feed it, FEED IT! WE BEG OF YOU!""The developer answered our cries for more content by saying, ""Hmm... maybe. If it sold more copies, we might.""(I can provide a link to the discussion thread where a dev said this, if anyone wants it. Assuming they don't delete it, of course. The thread is titled ""Post-release heads up.)Uhh. I paid $20 dollars for this game. For some unimaginable reason, the devs think that the small, bare-bones amount of content they added within the few short months of early access somehow, and unexplainably, warrented a 50% increase to the price of the game. It's insulting, really. I never would have bought this game in early access if I knew that they wouldn't add anything to it. That's the risk we take when we buy early access games and technically it is our fault for making a bad purchase, but still, it makes me feel sh*tty. Something needs to be done about early access and fast, otherwise, I'm probably never going to buy early access again. The sheer amount of failures of games that come out of that proverbial cesspool too early, or in this case, looking like a actor/actress who overdid the pea soup diet for their first appearance at the Academy Awards is staggering. To conclude, this game is a massive disappointment and a massive waste of potential, one of the largest for me in recent memory. Do youself and your loved ones a favor and stay away from this thing.I might have expected this sort of thing from Expansive Worlds, but not Avalanche. Why Avalanche, why! I'm not not sure what kind of role they played in developing this game, but just the fact alone that they had anything to do with this game makes me want to give Just Cause 3 a miss."
,Recommended,322920,14882401,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,RedSteel,This game has much potentional. It is entertaining even when its buggy. Here are my pros and cons:Pros:+Many weapons+Big world with much loot+Good atmosphere+Great sound effects+Good graphicsCons:-Some dinosaurs don't make sound when approaching-The dinosaurs are stupid-Bad optimized-A bit repetive-You walk too slowI love that you don't have p2w like the last one.Final score (early access): 7/10
,Not Recommended,322920,29384497,Posted: 20 January,all,BrOsKi,"This Game is full of bugs, and the Devs have stoped working on it!! Its a waste of money and i dont recommend anyone buying it!!"
,Not Recommended,322920,31471267,Posted: 30 April,all,Ulysses,"Do NOT Buy This Game For the Following Reasons (Stay with me, you need to read this)-Either find a weapon that fires a projectile, or die.This game gives you a matchete and a piece of a map, that's it, no pistol and like 8 rounds to get you started, nothing. This is like going on an expedition to the arctic and only giving the scientists a goddamned tent, and fleece clothing, they will have a high chance of dying. Dinosaurs will attack you instantly so if you run into a T-Rex and you have not even a bow, bad luck for you, good luck in the afterlife. If a Utah Raptor finds you, and it will attack but if it finds you and you only have a matchete, you may be able to kill the raptor by avoiding it's bites but if your new you may not know that but do now.-Only luck keeps you alive.The only way you will be able to stay a live, is luck. If you find a chest and find a .308 Rifle with ammo, you are in luck, if you find a chest with only ammo, but you have no gun, bad luck for you. If you have bad luck and you are being attacked, good luck with death.-EVERYTHING attacks you.I can't find one animal that doesn't attack on sight, and if you have no gun or bow, HUGE issue.-You need to level up to be able to buy guns, and in order to do that, you need to kill dinosaurs, and they give you a ♥♥♥♥ing MATCHETE!?. . . why not a pistol or a simple gun like in Carnivores games? (Ice Age, Dinosaur Hunter, etc)-There is NO SYSTEM IN ORDER TO GET GOOD AT THE GAME!What I mean is that every game usually has it's own way of getting better at the game, this game doesn't! it's just plain luck!Don't buy this game, just please go and play theHunter, or go and play Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn. . that's soo much better than this."
,Recommended,322920,13432673,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,CapitalistNick,"This is an amazing game!!I've played this for over Twenty hours so far, and I love it!!!  I am a huge fan of theHunter so when I saw this was going to be released I know I would have to buy it.  This game has tons of potential, and is very great for an alpha game.  This game really will get your blood rushing when you hear the magnificent Tyrannosaurus rex growl!  When you first get in the game you get a bow, five arrows, and a map fragment.  There is now PVP in theHunter series, if your a fan of PVP you would enjoy it. If your not? You will still enjoy this game.  If you want to hunt a T-rex by your self good luck with that you need about 2-4 people at least to get one of those down.  Any ways this game is amazing and you should check it out this is one of the best 20$ I've spent in a really long time.-Shawn SpencerQuestions? Post below."
,Not Recommended,322920,15154894,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Whitefang,"This game is definitely not polished.... lots of issues, the game is still playable... but if you're looking for a triple A game with smooth animations and visuals... this is definitely not it.The idea is great, but it still needs a ton of work...worth $20 bucks? definitely not. Worth $5 bucks? probably."
,Not Recommended,322920,15164322,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,The Hopfot,"Short version: Do not buy this game.Long version: If you're looking for a good Dinosaur hunting game. This is not it.If your looking for a DayZ style survival game where you spend every moment wondering if that sound you heard was a carnivourous dinosaur about to eat you right from the moment you start with next to nothing to defend yourself. Only to have this happen over and over again. Then fine, this game is perfect for the person with the greatest amount of peaceful zen known to all man kind. This game could make a buddhist monk throw a laptop in anger. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ and nothing like the good old Dino hunting games I played in the past known as the ""Carnovour"" series.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carnivores_%28series%29The ""Carnivour"" series is the kind of game we need. Given that this game contained the name of ""theHunter"" I expected as much. I was greatly dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,322920,15153121,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,GigglesMcMuffin,Hahahahahahahahahahahaha add flying dino that just wrecks you then call the game complete. Very nice glad you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥got your money and ruined your reputation. Hope the next game you try to release will be just a complete disaster and you waste your money on developing it like we wasted our money buying this game. :)
,Not Recommended,322920,15151126,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MadMax,"Until they fix the bird killing machine there is no way to enjoy this game.It was good until the lasted patch which they call ""Final Release"", but this game has a lot of bugs still and somehow it gets old very soon to many people as there is no much to do.I do like the fact of running around and shooting the dinos but I can't recomend it because of the latest patch."
76561198055505855,Recommended,322920,26330081,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,calaam.berry,"CONS: You have to work really hard to be able to buy weapons, as you start the game with nothing. Once you  buy them, you only keep them for one game session. After that, they will not spawn in your pod, but rather some distance away maybe easy to get to, maybe not.. The game is also very slow pace. Running and sometimes even walking is out of the question: you will probably lure something hostile and die unless you sneak.Also, don't be surprised if you lose everything because of the game crashing or losing connection to the server. The player is treated as if they died and never recovered the gear, so you will lose everything if you lose connection.PROS: Know that this game is difficult and is sort of unorthodox in some ways, like how weapons are spawned and that you start with nothing. Pretty much everything about the environment is hostile, even the plants poison you. If you want just a hunting game, I would suggest theHunter rather than theHunter Primal.That being said, this game is very good. It is beleivable, yet not overly complex, so the behavior of the predators and how to use the environment become predictable with practice. This is really not so much a hunting game, especially if being played solo, but rather a survival game. Once you're able to buy or find an arsenal of powerful weapons you can finally begin to act like a top predator. Most of the begining hours will be spent finding weapons and killing smaller game. Run from the T Rex until you know you can kill it. Honestly, you can easily be killed by almost all of the dinos, even the flying ones, which look so mediocre."
,Recommended,322920,13505997,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Outlaw,"To be honest, I can't compare it to DayZ and/or Rust because it falls into a different category of survival. There is no crafting, hunger etc. (thank god). It gets it's map design concepts from previous dinosaur games such as Turok and Jurassic: The hunted and improves upon them greatly. You can get lost in the atmosphere and your imagination can run rampant. Was that a dinosaur I just heard? Or was my imagination playing tricks on me again?The Pros:Tense and Foreboding atmosphereOutstanding map designAmazing SoundtrackNo in-game purchasesSmart A.I.MultiplayerThe Cons:Multiplayer is buggy (It's early access, what did you expect?)Only 3 dinosaurs to hunt currentlyWalking is a little slowA.I. pathing is weird around certain obstaclesI only played a few hours so far in singleplayer and already I have had my fair share of memorable moments. I defiantly have high hopes for this game so far. I highly recommend this game if you want to play aseriousdinosaur survival game."
76561198047002406,Recommended,322920,13384710,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Got Milk and Cereal?,You know a game is good when you fear for your life. Especially when you find a big pile of poop and you don't know if it's a T-Rex or Triceratops
,Recommended,322920,13536571,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Liquidhype,"I've played this game for a few days now, and wow! Such an immersive world. It is frigthening as all heck, it is intense as you won't belive, yet so addictive. There are still few issues with the game here and there, but the shear beauty of the game more than makes up for it. Now, lets list some pros and cons:Pros:1) Gorgeous scenery and good graphics2) Cool weapons3) 10/10 Audio is unbelievable. You will poo your pants the first time the screen shakes and you hear the t-rex stomping!4) Supports multiplayer and is extremely fun to play with friends5) The dinos looks so amazing6) Giant world to exploreCons:1) The dinosaurs can act a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times, they don't really behave as you would expect2) If you crouch or lie still, the dinos will still find and kill you. There is no way to not die if spotted by one3) Messy inventory aka. no way to ""mash"" ammo together. It just takes up unnessecary space4) Camoflage does not really work as you would expectIf I had the chance to make any changes in the game as is, I would make the dinosaurs behavoiur a bit more ""predictable"" and realistic in terms of what you would expect to happen if you were either walking very quiet or lying perfectly still. It can be extremely annoying at times when you spot a dino 200 meters away, lie still, and somehow the thing still manages to track you down and eat you for lunch.All in all I really do recommend this game to pretty much any one."
76561197988059328,Not Recommended,322920,15149011,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SadPEPE,"A couple of days ago I would have gave this a thumbs up and said ""This is by far one of the better early access games"". Then they decided to throw the flying dino in the game (which is broken overpowered) and apparently decided to up the spawns on other dinos. At least from what i've seen today. I'm not sure if the developers got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the guy giving them the deadline and said ""fine, lets jack this #### up and give them the release they want"" or if they are actually that incompetent as to what players want in a game. At any rate, unless they either do a rollback patch or fix the current state of the game it's essentially unplayable. Unless you enjoy dying every few minutes. You may make it 15 minutes with EXTREME caution and a lucky spawn. Good luck killing anything of value though."
,Not Recommended,322920,15176437,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Albert Einstein,"This game had so much potential during early access. SOOO MUCH. This could've been game of the year (being generous). But like most every other game creators and developers out there, they just want your money. I got this during early access thinking it was going to be some awesome game with tons of dino's, and gun's. Also the thought of building a fort or post, to hunt from, and keep my guns, sounded awesome as most people thought. This game had SOO much going for it. And then it was released and the only thing we got out of all the ideas, us players have been showering the developers with, was a flying dino. Thats it. Just 1 dino. I was in shock. But then i thought wait. They just want your money.So, bottom line, if you want a buggy, laggy (sometimes), crappy (via multiplayer) game that lets you hunt only 5 dinos then by all means waste your hard earned money on this. However if your a smart, hardworking individual then dont buy this game. Trust me"
,Recommended,322920,13753324,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Chaotikizm,"If you enjoyed TheHunter and wished you could have an opportunity to hunt dinosaurs with more of a suspense/horror feel to it- this may be the game your looking for. Its got five weapons as of this point in development- Bow, pistol, shotgun with slugs or buckshot, 308 rifle, and the .700 double rifle. Your prey are raptors, tricerotops, and Tyranosaurrus Rex. The game starts off very punishing as you discover alot of your movements only work to aid raptors and rexes to find you. But you get used to how everything works and soon your getting the first attacks in and eventually rounding up the troops and getting revenge on the rex that just ate you.Seeing a rex lower its head and widen its stance to get ready to charge is downright horrifying. The stomping around as it gets closer and eventually shakes the screen with screams puts you into the scenerio of being the prey for once. Raptors have calls that you will learn as well. They have different vocalisations for when they hear you, when they spot you, and even then they plan on lunging at you.There are some downers about the game though becuase its still early in development. It crashes alot still, often times at clutch moments right before a big takedown, or after you die, when you drop items, or during a trophy shot. Hosting a game requires you to open ports and thats annoying for many.I still find that this game is highly addicting and worth playing. I have no doubt in my mind that many of the issues will be ironed out before its formal release. I do love this game and I've been playing it non stop. I recommend this game whole-heartedly."
76561198133366309,Recommended,322920,15162314,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Valadriel,"I recommend this game even with the massive amounts of negative reviews. Yes the Quetzalcoatlus is way to OP, it needs some work but it was released YESTERDAY.... they already have an update stating they have some tweaking to do with it. This game is meant for people who want to spend time HUNTING, not slaughtering dinosaurs. Yes the flying dinos are a huge pain but they are avoidable, stay to the forest, if the Triceratops you have been tracking for the last hour crosses a very large field you have to consider the risk...(Do I really want to cross open ground? Can I make it to the trees before that Quetzalcoatlus circles back around into swooping range?). There is alot of excitement in being able to take my time and get a vital shot on my target (and knowing you have to make the shot count because you can't wound it and let it run into the plains.)Just blasting the dino full of holes and chasing it across the country hoping it bleeds to death is not hunting..."
76561198007914439,Not Recommended,322920,15165630,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,kezdog92,"This game needed another 6 months at least in the alpha stage. It didn't even go to beta, just straight to full release with another $10 slapped onto it. Clearly the devs don't care about this one and couldnt be ♥♥♥♥ed progressing with this game any more. It could be so much more, in its current state it is unplayable. The new flying chicken will make sure your average survival time is about 2 minuets. There still are ♥♥♥♥ tons of bugs to sort out and the gameplay mechanics are minnimal for a ""full release"". This is honestly not worth the buy. Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,322920,14190448,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,slovenc95,One of the best survival games that I've ever played!I was always looking forward for games like this but I've never managed to find one like this.It's worth every cent!
,Recommended,322920,29184857,Posted: 11 January,all,[EXIL]DeathClaw325,Ill admit this game has its bugs but its no way near as bad as people make out.I actually really enjoy it :)
76561198131273134,Not Recommended,322920,15158287,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Firestarter,"This game needs to go back to early access, because it is not even somewhat close to finished.My reasons...1. the most  ""realistic"" aspect of the game is the fact that you die. (you still respawn)2. the A.I. in the game is predictable, and no matter what the dinosaurs always know where you are.3. the machete that you start with needs to either be less wasteful of the stamina or have higher damage, because it sucks4. the fact that you have to either spend 30mins-2hours playing just to find a decent weapon or buy one from the shop but you can't because the dinosaurs are too tough to kill with your starting weapon so you can't rank up.I hope that this is an April Fool's joke. Otherwise this game has just turned into a developer cashgrab."
76561198012367594,Recommended,322920,16076272,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,AnthonyBenno,"I have over 250 hrs up and have made it to lvl 37, mostly in solo play.The Dinosaurs are very good and the AI is good, but needs more for you to do.                                       Ammo is all ways low and at time you have no ammo. I have killed myself just so i can get ammo from the shop.Its a Good game and is going for Great Game."
76561198135603032,Not Recommended,322920,25773616,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Boberelly,"i have close to 1k hours on this game. It really is fun, its sad that the devs gave up on it. If they update game, it could be great. I miss playing pvp, before people started cheating. If they ever update i will play again, i would probably pay for expansion."
,Recommended,322920,13513867,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Excitement Domination,"best survival game ive ever ownedpraticly the only open world survival game ive seen on steam with dinosaursreccomended for anyone who likes either open world survival, dinosaurs or both"
76561198011290740,Not Recommended,322920,15147956,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,EvilSpock,Unless this is all an early April Fools joke. Don't buy the game unless they go back into Early Access.It's been a big disapointment as of late.
,Recommended,322920,15242617,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rax the War Dragon,"theHuntter Primal takes a lot of patience to play. I've been playing this for awhile now and besides the occonasional crash this game has some great potential.""The dinosaurs get stuck"" they RARELY get stuck when I start the game. Besides, when they do get stuck, you can easily kill them. The game runs smoothly on my computer. The reason the frame rate is so bad is probably the computer you're using!The""Dinosaurs on impossible to kill"" yes they are. I've killed utahraptors, velociraptors, triceratops, and even a T-rex and a Quetzalcoatlus! You can actually kill the dinos!""The dinosaurs never suprise you"" YES THEY DO!!! I was looking for a Quetzalcoatlus and couldn't find him. Next thing I knew I was in the air.""Walking simulator 2015"" the game is in prehistoric times. Plus, it's on an abondoned planet that hasn't been colonized. Would you really expect there to be vehicles? I'm not complaing. This is supposed to be related to The Hunter. In that game, you used to NO vehicles. If you use any vehicles you would most likely get outnumbered by dino's very quickly. This isn't a fighting game. This is a game that supposed to be on STEALTH."
76561198053275118,Recommended,322920,15638598,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,xepicxmonkeyx,"Right this game is amazing, But the only problem with it is the lack of variety so I suggest for the next dinosaur to be a spinosaurus, they got a T-rex, Now they just need the next biggest thing!"
,Recommended,322920,32552632,Posted: 18 June,all,Arozura,"Don't listen to negative reviews, this game is UPDATED, yes this game had some major bugs, but as far as i know they were fixed. This game is really good. If you like survival, hunting, dinosaurs, multiplayer, good community, buy this. Only downside is that the updates are rare and the recent update removed inventory weight, which for me is a downside. Also the hunting in parties is so much fun. Guys try this its epic."
,Recommended,322920,13418149,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Teras.,"Saw my dead body roll down a hill for 15 seconds, that was nice."
76561197987131323,Recommended,322920,13399922,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,CPT.Martin,"Prey simulator 2015.  Live life as a small mammal, skittering bush to bush in search of fungi with you stingstick and 5 barbs.Makes me appreciate being the alpha predator of this current planet."
,Recommended,322920,13397452,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ThePoofyCanadian,"First, i would like to clearly state that this is from day one launch on early accessproblems? tons.specifics? game crashes alot, servers all suck, very hard to find and get to people, even harder to survive, find ammo but no weapons so on and so forthSo is there anything good about it?YES!the atmosphere of being alone and helpless is terrific! defiantly on par with some of the best horror games ive played. You are literally thrown into an unkown place with a bow and arrow, crappy weapons basicly.It is visually stunning. You will be looking around in wonder, to have your arm ripped off by a rex.And the feeling of finally reaching somebody is amazing.Made through a entire forest, not sure if any predators were nearby, saw a base, and began to meet up with a fellow comrade at said base, which had guns. Was so happy to finally find somebody AND get weapons!then the game crashed.Like i said, not perfect, yet. I defiantly see a good future for this game"
76561198294483753,Recommended,322920,32689762,Posted: 23 June,all,Tazytiger1936,"This game so far has been very good. Playing alone makes you feel completely vulnerable, exposed, and totally unprepared! Following the coast for my first several minutes until I had no choice but to head into the jungle, keeping an ear out for the sounds of the hostile wildlife, finding ways around when I did. Reached a settlement guarded by a single utahraptor- big, green, mean... and all alone. By this time I was lucky enough to find three firearms, so I engaged my first dino. My first shot wasen't well placed as it turned around and sprinted forward with furious anger faster than I thought it would! My heart started racing as I forcused my second and third shots, trying not to fire at the beast invaine. I took my last shot when it was literaly right up in my face, taking it's last breath as it falls to the ground in defeat. I didn't even take a scratch, perfect execution. Settling down in the settlement I listened in case if her friends showed up, she was alone. Took a last look toward the ocean before logging off. Looking foward for my next endeavor. Have not seen a single Quetzal or Tyrant lizard, I don't think i'd want to... until then, i'll be waiting..."
,Recommended,322920,13396867,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hairy Hairy Robbaz,"This is pretty much The hunter + dayz + dinosaurs, it kinda works. I been playing more then a few hours.All animals got the same damage model as the normal The Hunter so they will bleed, can be taken out with hearthshot/longshots, the A.I. also acts in a similar manor, with animals fleeing.Might be a bit lacking in the content both weapons, locations and dinos, it had been really nice with some proper landmarks. had some connection issues in multiplayer. But it's been working fine Solo. Most of these things will become less and less of a issue.It's totally a ok game, if you like dayz/hunter style games."
76561198216045964,Recommended,322920,24509412,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,sniper0890,i think its great they just need to add more items to buy such as better back packs to hold more and new guns. it would also be cool to see a spino or bronto or some more cool dinos like that
76561198085037424,Recommended,322920,29423635,Posted: 22 January,all,kur,"So.. I see that lately the reviews for this game are getting worse and worse... So i'll just say what i think and have experienced myself. Yea.. the game itself has some bugs and issues (such as the dinos glitching) but otherwise it's quite a good game... It's not as bad as people say it is! I mean.. the original theHunter i way worse.. you pay to play and things have durabilities.. while here in theHunter: Primal you just pay once aaand that's it, you don't need to pay anymore for anything ! Items don't have durabilities, every weapon in the game you can either find or collect in-game money and buy (you will also need to level up by killing and collecting things in order to be able to buy stronger weapons) Yes, dinos sometimes get stuck,glitched or dissapear.. sometimes items disappeared from your inv (i think they fixed it though) and it has some bugs but... I still do have hope since they started to update again (although they are small updates) and i think that game itself is about to have a big update some time in the future.. So .. if you think you will enjoy hunting dinos (aaand sometimes having to deal with glitches ofc) you should get this game, i do recommend it."
76561198049015069,Not Recommended,322920,21634127,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,AntiChrists7Sins,"the hunter is a good game mainly cos you have your gear you go hunt, this is far from what i expected, you start with nothing but a machete and will spend hours crawling on your stomach avoiding everything that moves trying to find a weapon which are spread out extremely far the crates you find are random so you will find ammo in most but as of yet no guns when lucky a bow with some arrows get killed lose those level requirements on getting any starter gear any settlements that have MAY have guns usually has a trex and raptors patrolling it yes it says there roaming but they will never leave the settlement, to often i found myself almost falling asleep as i walk for hours on end makin detours to avoid everything i understand dinos are dangerous but come on in the name the hunter : primal doesnt deserve the name the hunter as it is always hunted odds completely stacked against you which would be ok if you had more then a bow and the occassional rock to throw odds would still be in the dinos favour and the game wouldnt seem so boring i never tracked a dino as there was no point i had nothing to kill it with the bow willl give it a slight itch and really bad mood so you will find yourself walking for hours and hours i sometimes perposely died just to switch things up due to boredom its borderline like walking around a dino sanctuary zoo were you would not be aloud to kill dinos in which case id rather watch jurassic park, its 100% survival without the gear to do it even after hours of tedious mind numbingly boring work (yes work its not a game to me if i feel i should be payed to play it) as for gunplay il edit this if i ever happen to find a gun until then il admire the very occassional ammo i find moments before being eaten if you would like a hunting game get ark its far from realistic but you atleast get a fighting chance even if its only a spear that took you 5-10 minutes to make better then walking for hours for a pair of pants sunglasses ammo and a sharp set of trex teeth around your head start over wash rinse repeat if this was fixed id give this game a 10/10 but for now i think il stick to the normal version of the hunter and hope that they will add more predators to that instead so i rate this game a 2/10 great graphics only get you so far it all becomes a blur after holding w for 3 hours"
76561198119588613,Recommended,322920,15248232,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,PresidentBroly,its really fun and dinos are a bit hard but still fun i recommend playing multiplayer and game always keeps you on edge because there could be a pack of utahs stalking you or a queztal flying above you
,Recommended,322920,15256019,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,MSB_Warrior,Ive had this game since early access and loved it but I did not like how they changed the start weapon from the bow to machete but over all it is a good game.
76561198111512839,Recommended,322920,13534994,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Andy12,"This is an amazing game, the time and money it took to make this simulation is well worth the price it is to buy."
76561198173220473,Not Recommended,322920,16996734,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Circular Box,"If this where free to play like the hunter, maybe I would feel different. But this game is nowhere near complete and is not worth it"
76561198062769556,Recommended,322920,15689327,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,HumanSaurus,"This is the best game featuring dinosaurs I've ever played.  The Cretaceaous style world looks and sounds great.  The dinosaurs sound realistic to me, meaning they sound like actual animals instead of movie monsters.  Their behavior seems believable as well.  This is a hunting game and not an all out action game, so patience and thought are required.  There is a minimal storyline that serves it's purpose, but this game is all about your experiences hunting, being hunted, and trying to survive.  This game creates some truly frightening situations.  You really feel like you're being stalked.I think there should have been a couple more herbavore species in the game, because as far as i know, the triceratops is the only plant eater in the game.  The rest are carnivores, which makes it seem less realistc.  The weapons are very scarce.  I'm glad it takes time and effort to get them, but sometimes they seem too hard to come by.  I always play alone, so this problem is probably not so bad in multiplayer, since you can scavenge weapons from dead players.I would certainly recomend this game to anyone that likes dinosaurs and/or hunting games.  I'm already hoping for a Jurassic themed sequel or add on."
76561198028011762,Recommended,322920,16625522,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TeeGrumpy,"Join pvp room.Shot people to death when they were getting chased by a t-rex.10/10 would shot their legs again.However, there are just only 5 dinos and dev has very little update.Not many things you can do, yet. Just hide, run, collect weapons and hunt.The leveling system here allows you to buy weapon ONLY when you're spawning (after died). which is suck. Dev should  add a random drop shop that can buy stuff in limited time.The map is pretty huge, but good items only appear in some certain bases. So players wont go so far to the end of the map just to get a bow.Gameplay will get boring after awhile.But I will still recommend to play this game (only when they have discount, not worth for $30).Still hoping that the devs will continue to update this game frequently.EDIT:Finally some updates for this awesome game. New guns and new boss dinosaur definitely bring me back to this game.However, the devs have not fix the bug and hacking.SHOUT OUT TO PEOPLE WHO GOING TO BUY THIS GAME:1. This is not survival game as your character doesn't have to eat, build or sleep. Just HUNTING.2. New players should join multiplayer room as they could offer help. (Many players are maxed lvl and they are quite friendly)3. Hunting will get bored. Join PvP room for intense fun! (BUT, beware of hackers.)"
76561198073961258,Recommended,322920,13504516,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Scanova the Carnotaurus,Have you ever thought these words all together would describe one game?DinosaurSurvivalOpen WorldSimulationHuntingNEITHER DID I !!!
,Not Recommended,322920,18098728,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Little Rocket Man,"Unfinished Shell of a game, really promising idea that the developer appears to have largely abandoned in early access."
76561198059879838,Recommended,322920,13380460,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Isaiah,"A M A Z I N G !!!!!So i've played about 2 hours today already, and am completely enthralled with the game. It is a huge beautiful open world (much like thehunter) ya know, with dinosaurs.  despite the massive lush visuals the game runs about as smooth as possible. the game mechanics are all the same as the regular  thehunter so its a very familiar feeling. except it should be called theHunted, because ""oh look at that amazing moon on the horizo...♥♥♥♥♥♥RAPTOR.   dead.""this is like Arma Z but dinosaurs.The early access is missing a bunch of stuff of course, the world does feel a little empty with only 3 dinos running around, once they have 7 or 8 it should feel much more filled.  maybe they can add like sabertooth tigers, pterodactyls,  brontosaurases..etc.   very fun though. only disappointing thing for me is you MUST be connected online to play, i don't understand that, i want to just play alone, singleplayer (which you CAN, but need to be connected online). but that is the way things are today.anyway, you should try this out if you like survival games. very challenging, lots of fun, and super...♥♥♥♥♥♥RAPTOR. dead."
76561198135635707,Recommended,322920,14379889,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Aspooker,I really recommend this game. ITS AWESOME! :D It's almost like a real hunting game. But with dinos
01001110011000010,Recommended,322920,17656127,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ุ,"I played this game for about 20 hours now and it seems ok. Every now and then I would encounter a bug such as a flying Utahraptor(or whatever their called) or a wall-clipping T-Rex. This didn't happen often but when it did I lost alot of good stuff and I got quite upset. My final complaint is that the AI in this game are really dumb or really smart and by that I mean sometimes they would spot me from a mile away when im crouching or prone, other times I could walk right in front of them without being spotted. In conclusion when the game is being fair I have alot of fun hunting and tracking dinos. I understand that this game is still in development but some of the problems are killing my gaming experience.[EDIT 1, 4/7/16] I came back to this game after not playing it for awhile and I am glad to see that some issues have been fixed but unfortunately some new issue seemed to have popped up as well. Crate spawns appear to be unbalenced. There are times where I would be walking for a hour without finding a single crate and there are other times where I would find 5 crates in under 7 minutes. I also tried playing multiplayer PVP. I joinded an almost full server and walked around the map for two hours without finding a single person. Until the developers add a way to find and track players quicker I would not reccomend playing PVP. On the other hand PVE seems to be just fine. In PVE you can see other players on the map so it is easier to find people. In conclusion this game has gotton a lot better since my last review but I believe It still needs more work.Pros:-Realistic Dino Tracking-Nice Looking Enviornment(Not The Best Looking But Still Good)-Money/Shop System Works Fine-GPS FeatureCons:-Dinos Sometimes Wall-Clip(Walk/Kill Through Walls)-AI Are Really Dumb or Really Smart-Spawns Are Horrible-Crate Spawns Are UnbalencedGraphics-7.5/10AI-6/10Preformance-9/10Gameplay-7/10Overall I would rate this game a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,322920,16068552,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Apsalar,"EDIT(Sept14th2015): This review was made with high hopes, but the devs have since moved their focus to other projects, and much of my happy vision will never be realized. Nonetheless, it's a good game and it's actively maintained at the moment.First off, let me clarify: this is NOT a survival game. As long as you don't walk off a cliff or get torn limb from limb by a dinosaur, you'll live forever.So then what is it? Well I have seen two ways of playing this game.  You can play it as an exploration game, full of emergent narratives and fantastic vistas waiting to be seen by those willing to tread the most dangerous paths. Or, you can play it as a hunting game, full of big things to kill with your big gun and get money and a fancy dead trophy.  I am aware that the game is being designed with the latter in mind. But emergence is one of the truly wondrous elements of the video game as a narrative medium.  New and unanticipated things happen when your audience is also your performer and your performance.You have probably guessed by now which play style I embrace.  I have ZERO interest in game hunting, dinosaur or otherwise.  I am, however, interested in walking among dinosaurs, as I have dreamed of fondly ever since that childhood  trans-Atlantic flight I spent reading a National Geographic book about them cover to cover, and I apparently was so adorably excited about the whole thing that the pilot gave me his Lufthansa captain's pin and patted me on the head.  More so than any other game I've played, this game allows me to do that.Dinosaurs and man, two species separated by 65 million years of evolution have just been suddenly thrown back into the mix together. How can we possibly have the slightest idea what to expect? -Dr Alan GrantLuckily you have me to tell you a little bit about what to expect. The very limpid premise to justify your simultaneous existence with dinosaurs is that you are a scout selected to spearhead a colonization effort on this alien ""Eden.""  Isn't it a little chilling that we are presumably doing this by enacting the mass slaughter of the native fauna? There's some commentary there, intended or otherwise.Like I said at the beginning, this is not a survival game.  There are no hunger or thirst mechanics.  There's a fairly typical stamina bar depleted by sprinting or melee but quickly recharged.  There is food out there in the wilds to be scavenged, but despite its realistic appearance it's arcade food: eat it to restore health.  Scavenging rather than crafting is your main way of acquiring weapons and equipment.  There are busted colony pods, half-finished bunkers, and the well-supplied bodies of many a less fortunate colonist scattered throughout the landscape.  Early on this will be your only source of gear that *might* protect you when you accidentally cross upwind of that T-Rex you've been tracking.  But more likely you will join the broken bodies of the brave stacked up for carrion (to paraphrase Homer).Playing as an explorer is indeed punctuated by intense action.  I will shoot a dinosaur to save myself. I will flail my gun around in terror as I hear but can't see the pack of utahraptors close in on me. I will use my machete to hack aside the velociraptor lunging my jugular.  When you kill and catalog a dinosaur you get money and experience based on its rarity, its difficulty to kill, and the integrity of the corpse (prohint: you won't get much for blasting a campysaur with you shotty).  Every time you perish you are brought to a shop screen where you can purchase gear.  The availability of different items is a function of both your xp level and your accumulated capital.  Slowly but surely you get to a point where you can survive most run-ins with smaller dinosaurs on your own.  If you plan to take on a T-Rex or if you want to blast a herd of peaceful triceratops for no reason, hop on a multiplayer server and team up.  Your character is persistent across servers, but taking down a Tyrannosaur (possibly to protect those innocent triceratops) requires well coordinated tactical engagement. Still most of you will die. It's glorious.I continue to thoroughly enjoy this game.  The crass masculinity infecting the multiplayer chat can be irritating, but it's not game-ruining, and frankly when is it not asserting itself with knuckles dragged and chests bumped in whatever multiplayer chat you find.  The graphics are beautiful, gameplay is challenging and the shooting mechanics are fairly realistic.  The dino AI gets better with every update.  They really will sniff you out if your upwind and enact coordinated assaults complete with feints to draw your attention while they flank.  It's wondrous.If you are now or ever were a dinosaur nerd, this game is essential.  Highly recommended."
76561198110283481,Recommended,322920,16426856,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sam Nugget,"Just for the record, I am doing this for a steam badge, Lol. personally I think that theHunter: Primal is an amazing game with great dinosaur path finding and general behaviour, however the game could do with some more updates for example:-More dinosaurs-Base building-Fall damage fixAnd the list goes on. I would recommend this game but not for the price of £22.99?! In my eyes this is an incomplete game with a lot of potential. Great game. Good work. Don't give up on the game?!!!"
,Recommended,322920,15062535,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Pure Essence 纯度,3 Hours played and I love this game to the max! Probably the best dino game out there (My opinion!)
76561198059435407,Recommended,322920,15359985,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,SeaWeed,This game is really good.  I love it :-D
,Recommended,322920,17035201,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Mysterious Kiri,I rate 3 and a half stars.ARK: Survival Evolved is better.
,Recommended,322920,13777105,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,PhantomRaptor,"I have been meaning to create a huge, in depth review of this game for quite a while, so I hope it is helpful to some new players that, hearing things said from others, may be a little wary.History of theHunter PrimalThe developers of theHunter and theHunter Primal, Expansive Worlds are constantly involved with educational visits and there is normally at least 2 interns at any time working in the development team alongside the regular, employed developers. The development team have also had lots of requests in the past to add dinosaurs to theHunter and had been interested in doing so in the past before, but they felt it would ruin the realism that many players of the game (a fair amount of which are real hunters). So, behind the scenes they started work on Primal, which was originally given the name 'Project Flintastek' (which according to google translates to 'Flintstones Fry', the developers are Swedish). Project Flintastek also quickly become a program for the interns to work on and quickly became a place where new ideas, gameplay mechanics and... stuff, would be worked on experimentally, after Project Flintastek was starting to look more and more like a complete game, Expansive Worlds decided to make it as a full game and started more serious development on it and thats where we are today.The StoryStory clearly isn't the main focus of theHunter Primal, nor should it be really, this game is about hunting primarily, however it still manages to tell an interesting story, that is, if you are eagle-eyed enough to find the hidden logs and traces left by previous Pioneers and some kind of native inhabitants, or just, really loopy people. The story that we know first off is that you are sent down onto this alien world to kill (hunt) the native inhabitants, which just happen to be very similar to the dinosaurs that we know from our past. If you fail? Your close family will be offered up as pioneers themselves. So, dont fail. Whilst I say that story shouldn't be the main focus of this game, it would be awesome if it were included/integrated more, such as finding an old camera that would then play a cutscene of a settlement being attacked, or something similar. But, yeah, interesting story but sadly most of it is hidden away in log entries of abandoned old settler mates.Upon stepping into the game world for the first time...You will be equipped with nothing but a Machete, some basic clothing and boots as well as a map fragment, which will highlight a random settlement on your map (these are the only places to find weapons). It immediatley hits home the feeling of helplessness as you are stuck on an alien planet, with just a machete to defend yourself. However, if you are just starting out, find a map on the internet and go to a settlement. You are going to need a better gun, I would also reccommend playing only on your own for a while as this will help you get better at the game more than if playing with friends.In the first hour of playing...Within the first hour you will have certainly met your first dinosaurs and hopefully have found your first proper weapon, preferably in reverse order. This is when you will, probably start to get frustrated. This game, you realise, is hard as nails and I will admit, it is very unforgiving for new players to theHunter series or just new players in general. However, if you stick at it like I did and keep trying, you will get the hang of it and start hunting dinosaurs, instead of them hunting you.General Review of the GametheHunter Primal is, and dont get me wrong here, incredibly frustrating, at times very difficult and can, at its very worst feel like a chore, having to go and get your stuff of your dead body whilst avoiding what killed you. But other than that, the game is so, so enjoyable and when you finally start to get the hang of the game and get used to all of the mechanics etc... it is the most rewarding experience I have ever seen in video games, the sheer feeling of joy when you finally kill your first T.Rex or when you track down a wounded Triceratops to find it later, dead from bleeding damage and to claim it as a kill, or when you find ammo for your favourite weapon or just discover new things, these special moments are what makes the game so, so worthwile. It can also be a very eerie and creepy experience, so people who don't want to get their heart racing should probably stay away from this title... it can get so intense when a T.Rex is just metres away from you and you are just lying in the ferns and vegetation, hoping that it wont spot you and that it will just leave already, the way the ground shakes with its footsteps can be downright horrifying.So, to put it rather simply, theHunter Primal can be frustrating, but is an intensley rewarding experience that can both make your heart race with joy, or fear. If you are looking for a survival and building game, you wont quite find that here, despite being classed as a survival game this is a hunting game truly, you won't find crafting here.Quick Reviews of Individual AspectsGraphics -The Graphics in this game are very good and suit the tone of the game well, certain things could be done better, such as the character models and various textures being stretched on some areas of the environment, but this is a good looking game.Gameplay -This game doesn't play like your typical survival shooter and actually takes a while to get used to how to use all of the functions and elements to aid your gameplay. The controls will feel slightly strange at first but you will definitley get used to it. It plays like a more fast-paced version of theHunter, the movement is faster as well as equipping weapons and items, everything is just smoother and more slick looking, so I would certainly reccommend that you go play theHunter if you are not sure about whether you will like this game, the movement etc is the same however the world and animal species are of couse, very different.Updates -The developers have never yet missed a weekly update, except when they went on christmas holiday, which, to be fair, is totally acceptable.Stability -The game is, admittedly, somewhat plagued by glitches that can hamper (or at times, even enhance your experience) but none of them are of the game breaking variety.The Future of theHunter PrimalEven though the game is 'finished' at the time of writing (11/05/2015 GMT) the developers have not missed a single weekly update (most commonly published on Thursdays) that will always either contain bug fixes, new content or changes and tweaks to the existing game. The developers say that there is no guarantee of new content to be added to the game however the future looks bright. As theHunter Primal has and will continue to be not just a standalone game, but also a place for interns and the developers to test new ideas and mechanics so it is very likely that, maybe not as frequently as we have had new content recently but it is not unreasonable to assume that as things are experimented with that we will see new content in Primal."
76561198044439673,Not Recommended,322920,24631289,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Twitchy,Before you make up your mind about this game due to negative comments or even positive ones hear me out.The game takes on a very slow paced hunting experience where you cannot rush and kill everything so I recomend don't get it if you have terrible patience. the main problem is that the developers gave up...I enjoyed this game so much and hate to give up on it because the developers would rather back other games that they own that ended up being very disliked (The hunter). This game has great potential as many people before me have said but it has not been updated in a very long time so unless I hear something from the developers im gonna keep this review negative.a personel note for the developers: please update this game it has amazing potential but you let it sit there and I personally have been looking for a good hunting game for a very long time and I want it to be this game so please get to it.
76561198017520035,Not Recommended,322920,25867272,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Sparticous,A warning for people that are thinking of Buying this Game DON'T it crashes and gliches all over the place and now you can't play the dam game at all. If you have paid for it get a refund quick.
76561198031597791,Recommended,322920,29853298,Posted: 11 February,all,=💥SC00P💥=,"Well, people seem to complain to no end in their reviews about bugs and that devs do not release new content.Take a look at how long I played this game, I haven't noticed any bugs but it is true that the devs abandoned the game a long time ago. I think what people are actually angry about is NOT the quality of Primal itself but the fact that devs simply left it even when it has a lot of potential!It was made by the devs of 'theHunter' as a side project and was as far as I know not even meant to be an openly available product on steam but rather something the devs made internally as a joke which eventually turned into an actual game.I don't play it much anymore nowadays but still have it installed on my hard drive, cause it is really an excellent game as long as you are fine with nothing more than walking around on an island with dinosaurs! Nothing more, nothing less.If you are the type of guy who expects more from a game like this I suggest to simply don't buy it.Atmosphere and sounds are amazing and the people I met online were all quite nice. It is perfectly fine for one or two hours every once in a while but nothing for serious gamers which expect to squeeze daily 8 hour gaming sessions out of it.See Primal like a snack you have during the day, not the main course.."
,Recommended,322920,34895721,Posted: 11 September,all,Venom,"nice survial open world game, and graphics is very nice :), and nice of course because dinosaurs but is has only 5 species T-Rex, Triceratops, Utahraptor, Velociraptor and Quetzalcoatlus."
,Not Recommended,322920,14326083,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,tha bunnster,"I played and enjoyed The Hunter although I am not a fan of the subscription pricing. The Hunter: Primal has very similar gameplay mechanics but is very unpolished at this point in time. There is also not very much content. I would definitely recommend holding off on purchasing this game until it gets updated and polished. If you haven't played The Hunter, I would recommend going to their website and downloading the free-to-play game to see if you enjoy the gameplay mechanics before spending any money on The Hunter: Primal."
76561198103312307,Recommended,322920,16541967,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,whopperjr92,"Just started playing but I think this game is really, really good.  The Visuals are excellent and the dino's AI is pretty good. The only this I would say could use some work is the attacking animations. A+ so far though"
,Not Recommended,322920,15148529,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,[MAFIA]Highway99,I have played this game a bit and its just not what they pictures look like.Personaly i wouldo go for another dinosaur survival if thats what your after.
76561197979397607,Not Recommended,322920,15150951,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Seclipse,"in its current state, gotta say nope. pass on it ""FOR NOW"". the game itself is decently solid, with a few minor bugs (hits not registering, clipping issues). but the biggist downfall of this game is the damn flying dino. pretty much no matter were you start out at, there flying above you. you have a improvised sword and bright orange clothing... put two and two together and guess what. your getting a free flight with a 200ft hard landing death. the only thing that can remotly save you is ducking at the right second... untill you have two after you... then three.. and you mid aswell just stand up and get ready to die.  and if your lucky enough to make it to a forested area you might have a chance at actually finding a weapon and kill a few dinos before you forget that your wondering out in the open and you hear swoop and your on your free flight again...."
76561197992636698,Not Recommended,322920,30341462,Posted: 5 March,all,Lt. Heinz Becker,"Honestly the game is extremely broken right now. I don't know why the devs thought it was a good idea to have a save file  that anybody could edit with notepad and give themselves unlimited XP and Tokens to buy weapons. Also the save file doesn't even work correctly because it will not save your level or inventory after you leave the game.The game has decent enough graphics and the gameplay is very similiar to the original theHunter, but the numerous bugs, problems, and game breaking issues ruin it right now. The only way to even get the save file to work is to edit it with notepad, but what is stopping people from giving themselves unlimited XP? You guessed it! Nothing.Another thing is that online multiplayer games lag so bad that a lot of the time players lose connection to the host. This issue seems to get even worse when more players join the server. I have noticed that when the server has 8 or more players, de-sync gets so severe with the animals that they will freeze for a few seconds and then reappear several meters away from their previous position. Imagine the difficulty of shooting at a moving target when this happens. Also, if the host leaves the game, you will lose any progress you made during that match because of the broken save file. If they would simply implement host migration when the host quits the game it would make the game at least half as frustrating as it is. Dedicated servers would be a better alternative, but at this point that is wishful thinking. There are guides on how to fix the save issue but honestly to me it is borderline hacking because you can be a new player and give yourself 1000000 tokens just by editing a save file.I can only recommend this game if you are a die hard theHunter fan and this game is on Steam sale. Casual players, it isn't worth the $10. If you really wanna try it out, be ready to deal with the numerous bugs, random level reseting crashes, and laggy online gameplay.I have also submitted a support request to theHunters support page on their website and one of the developers emailed me that they are aware of the issues and are looking into a fix. When that fix is and what they will do is beyond me. If you are interested in buying this game I would wait a month or two and see if they release any patches first. Fingers crossed."
76561198050450037,Not Recommended,322920,26593495,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ebada79,"Bad, Just Bad, there is no other way to put it. Dont waste your money."
76561198123070943,Recommended,322920,24232203,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,just RΣX,"PRO:++This game has got a great potential!+The screems of the dinosaurs are making it very special and youve got a good feeling of being 200mio. years back in     time.+The map is GIANTIC and very very very very BEAUTIFUL designed. Everything is looking pretty awesome if you are on a hill or something. (I made some screen shots if you want to see)+The Dinosaurs are looking good too and are able to get you into panic after a few second of their appear. :DKONTRA:-- The bugs...yeah there are many bugs and glitches which can save your live and equipment and thats cool but...its still a bug and so not rly nice to play with because it takes away the fun after too many times-I think there have to be more different Dinosaurs like; Stegosaurus, Pteranodon, Archeonitomimus and some water creatures like the Mosasaurus or Liopleurodon. OK mby not the last one, he`s to big at all xDThats was my review, thx for reading and I hope you enjoit it. (If I made some faults in the grammar, I`m sorry)"
76561198014036162,Not Recommended,322920,30183078,Posted: 25 February,all,(-SP-) Suny.d,"DO NOT BUY THISIt was a good game when it came out, it even had regular patches and such.Now we have a garbage game that has had its last real update was over a year ago."
,Not Recommended,322920,24764018,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,sillssa,Really scummy devoloper. Made it look like a really good game that they would keep on updating with new content. They literally gave up on the game after 2 ♥♥♥♥ing updates. I even bought it when it was 20 bucks and not 10 but its not even worth 10. Not enough content.
76561198021812626,Recommended,322920,26751242,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Alemao_Perdido,"I like this game, i was not expecting a CoD gameplay nor experience. AND THAT MARKS THIS GAME.This is a hunting game, you track footprints, you listen to sounds, you stay quiet, YOU ARE PATIENT.That is what marks this games, this is its true Experience.Cons: Developer abandoned this game. You get 5 dinossaurs Species (REX, Velociraptor big, velociraptor small, Triceratops & a flying one), each of those with some, where Rex & Raptors have 4 variations each.No such thing as daily objectives, targets, etc. Simply: Survive, Walk, Walk, Walk, Walk, listen. Stop. Walk, Walk, Walk to next base. Get some ammo in boxes. Listen. Aim. Shoot."
,Recommended,322920,13405492,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Fuby,"Well, those that played ""The Hunter"".. have always imagined a PvP against the other hunters.. here it is.. with the added feature of Dinos!! Not only can you set the 16 player servers to PvP, you will have to outsmart some raptors and T-Rex while hunting some triops.. small bugs in the early access stage but a pretty good looking game from the start!  You have to find items to build up your armament to take on these creatures.. You most likely will start with a longbow found in a pod.. pretty good feel in the game and massive size for the island.  You finally learn why crouching and staying ""quiet"" is an advantage ..  worth the buy in!!  Still..""the best forest"" in any game!if you're thinking of TheHunter: Primal before xmas... good suggestion.. install ""The Hunter"" first thru steam.. then buy The hunter Primal.. you will recieve a free shotgun and 30 days premium in ""The Hunter"".. win win..  give it a shot..primal has PvP as well as Dino hunting.. still ""The best forest"" in any game!! IF you already have a ""The Hunter"" account outside steam.. you have to ""link"" it to the Steam version for teh gifts..easy..easy.. just install the hunter from steam and play it. The first screen that pops up allows you to add the hunter account you had outside of steam right to it.. works like a charm.. after, you can keep the steam version or just disconnect the steam version and go back to playing it thru TheHunter website.. hope this helps."
76561198003698403,Not Recommended,322920,30935932,Posted: 3 April,all,KOACH,"Spend twenty minutes walking at a snails pace around a big, admittedly gorgeous looking but largely empty island looking for loot boxes so you can grab a bow and arrow. The arrows unfortunately are too weak to kill anything and you will be killed by a triceratops. And then any progress you might have made towards getting any equipment that actually lets you play the game will be reset when you close the game."
76561198005569691,Not Recommended,322920,16930274,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Cpt//HL3 Confirmed#,"Lack of content killed it.False Advertising, False promises...GG devs, barely added content during the EA stage.still buggy, silly dino behaviour.devs already said they wont be working on this game but focus on their main game The hunter.you better off buying ARK."
,Not Recommended,322920,22751531,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Meme Christ,"This game becomes extremely boring after 3-4 hours. After over 7 months the dev team haven't added anything new, and the community has a stable age of 10-12, probably from the dinosaur theme. This game might be worth playing if it were free."
,Recommended,322920,14726550,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Knight of Rosen,"This game is pretty good. The dinosaur models are nice, the sounds are amazing and it gets updates alot.But there is a huge lack of variety, there is only 3 dinosaurs you can hunt THREE! There needs to be more dinosaurs...Other than that I don't see anything bad about it. Unlike the game that came before it ""theHunter"" this game is not a pay2win borefest (Like theHunter) this game is great you pay once get the hole game and for that I am happy :)Over all I rate is a 7/10"
,Recommended,322920,15469556,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Scoops,"Reminds me of The lost world : Jurassic park. Very hard to survive on the island, it's better to play with a couple friends and this game requires a lot of patience."
76561198049197253,Not Recommended,322920,18839269,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,dragonsword_3,"Dont waste ur time on this game. I purchased this before i purchased ARK survival evolved. i have played this game for 1.3 hours. i have played ARK for 563. there has been no update to this game since i bought it. no new content. nothing. well i guess they did do a patch for hungrian, but thats one big whoopie. SAVE YOURSELF SOME MONEY AND JUST BUY ARK."
76561198028638782,Not Recommended,322920,18717933,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kyp Darklancer,Got this early access expecting great things. Total waste of money. Expansive worlds are no loger a developer I have any faith in
76561198097287628,Recommended,322920,15940610,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Einstrirm nebula,When i first got this game i was rather upset with the controls but after a few days of playing it i got used to them. Now i play this game because it gets exciting also i rather enjoy watching newbies try to be predators only to end up as dino shiskebobs. The thing i like most is when i'm being stalked either cause I've made too much noise or because i'm spotted far off. Fighting the T-Rex... well first five times i just tried the don't move it wont see you trick LOL dead every time. Now i just say (*$%@ it) and go wild.
76561198015518870,Not Recommended,322920,15434120,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Peregrine,"They should have kept this game in early access.  For the amount of content and the price, this game is currently not worth getting.  It is fun for a week and that is about it.The only way I find this game to be enjoyable after a week or so is to treat it like a Hunger Games.  The respawn kind of ruins that though.  There needs to be a death area while you wait for everyone else to die.  This game feels like it is stuck between a Hunger Games and Survival type of game.  As of right now I do not recommend this game."
76561198179345778,Recommended,322920,17380004,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,RandomKILL,The best game with dinosaurs!
,Recommended,322920,16733718,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,✪ Kilroy,Day 1Started up game expecting a Jurassic Park survival like feel/hunting dinos like in the hunter game.Spawned near a drop pod and noticed my settings needed to be changed. Opened up settings to turn sensitvity to 100% and change my sprint key to shift. Saved changes and i hear a sound of a Bongo-African Swallow. I take a look at invetory to find a bow and few arrows plus a map chip. The sound was getting closer and 69 raptors rekt me during the first 420 seconds of the game.Day 2Respawned at a location near my deathpoint so i head that way more prepared. Was walking so sprinted for .69 seconds and ran out of stamina for 420 hours. I walked across what seemed to be a lake but i cant swin because im a ♥♥♥♥♥. there was a path on the lake then all of a suden barney cums up behind me with a mighty roar. so i go balls on the walls running for .68 seconds and then im there walking while barney goes balls on me. i turned around and i screamed like ♥♥♥♥♥ and so my mum had to♥♥♥♥♥and see wat happend. Mum brought the camera.Day 3Payday 2 dlc♥♥♥♥♥out so had to play havnt played anymore so be countinued! :)69/m8 would barney the mother♥♥♥♥ing dino♥♥♥♥♥ would dank agian(btw u can quickscope clevergurls)
,Recommended,322920,19474104,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mr.RamiroZ,"This game is a survival in nature with dinazavromi kotok is not so easy to kill with the original loot, but there is good news you can loot silently! But in doing so, you need to ensure that you do not eat at the time of searches. And gay updates will not let you get bored because all of your loot that you collected with such difficulty simply disappears.11/10 Vilocerap"
76561198004131398,Recommended,322920,33359707,Posted: 7 July,all,Claudia B.,"Im going to give this game a 7/10.  The suspense and the thrill of a survival horror game are especially present here.  The guns are amazing in the way they look and sound.  The ambience is awesome,   The rain storms and lightning are excellent attributes to the environment.  With nothing but a makeshift machete and a small piece of the map when you begin your journey, every footstep leaves you wanting to continue further.I do however have to name a flaw that really would turn me off of the game had I known about it before hand.  There is no ability to save your progress.  Having said that I am glad that I didnt know about that fact to be honest.  But if your someone who is adamant about rank and progress instead of the opprotunity to just mess around and hunt and take trophy shots, then wait for a patch to come out if you have the time and get this awesome game!"
76561198016853264,Not Recommended,322920,31219669,Posted: 18 April,all,Chorusofone,"TheHunter: Primal could be a great dinosaur hunting game.  There is however an isssue with it currently that began with an update on Jan. 10 2017.  This bug causes some players to lose any ""levels"" progress they have made.  This problem also causes the effected player to lose all their inventory of weapons, camo, ammo, etc.  A patch was released over a month later (Feb 20th) that was suppoed to correct the problem, but it didn't fix it.  While a community based workaround has helped some players, it hasn't worked for all.  It is now over 3 months since the ""Levels and Inventory reset bug"" hit the game, and it has still not been resolved by the devs.(Added 6/1/17)  We are now approaching 5 months with the Levels Reset Bug, and still no fix.  Support of this game is just to weak for me to be able to recomend it, even if at a steep discount.""Buyer Beware"" the support of this game is not very good.(Added 7/11/2017) Correction there is no Support from the developers.  The bug is now 6 months old, and no fix in sight."
76561198032225301,Recommended,322920,14767952,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dizaster,"This game is pure awsome. Hunting them dinosaurs is fun, its an enjoyable game. 8/10"
76561198062383149,Recommended,322920,13476756,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,♛Rabbit♛,a very funny game but its a bit scary sometimes
76561198158795134,Not Recommended,322920,15148226,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,rgropper,"After being eaten through trees, stood on top of by triceratops', and spawning directly next to tyrannosaurs I am done with this game.Calling this a survival game is laughable at best. There is no crafting, there is no real permanent shelter or objective. You walk, crawl, and run around hoping that the buggy glitchy dinosaurs dont ignore the multiple shotgun slugs to their heads and kill you.The newest addition, quetzocoatalus, is the biggest annoyance of all. Spent HOURS collecting items, guns, and ammunition? Too bad. death from above one hit killer.Utahraptor, velociraptor, tyrannosaurus, quetzocoatalus, and triceratops are the only other living things in this game. Its a little pathetic that in 2015 a game developer has only 5 dinosaurs in their DINOSAUR HUNTING GAME.Saying this is release worthy is embarassing to the devs, and insulting to everyone who paid for early access. If I could return this piece, I would. Don't waste your money on it."
,Recommended,322920,13518812,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jaylomboy,"Good game so far. I say since were still in early access and there are definitely going to be tons of more updates it is well worth my 20 dollars.Good and BadsBad first,-Very very very very low stamina bar. There is no way in hell a person can run for such a short time and have to wait so long for the bar to replenish. If I'm being chased, pls lord I need to book it.-For now raptors and t-rex and triceratops are fine but I'm hoping for more breeds to mess around with. God forbid I will one day get snatched by a pterodactyl out of nowhere.-Glitchy dinos but that can't be helped. I'm too busy runnin-Maybe an easier way to connect multiplayer? I was having trouble before but im sure it'd be simple, but hey lets make it even more simple???Good-Stunning Visuals-Stunning Audio-Shooot, everything else I'm pretty much enjoying.Looking forward to the progression with this game and I hope it goes far."
,Not Recommended,322920,15160385,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Ser Perceval,"The idea of this game sounded amazing, and as I really liked the original The Hunter, I didn't hesitated to buy this one.However, after like 2 hours, I already died too much. Most of the time, I'm grabed by those flying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (Quetza), then released to fall in the ground, dead. Also been killed twice by T-Rex, even if I moved like a ninja.The fact is it's too hard to play with those flying beasts. I can live with T-rex and other. Already been able to kill several ones. But Quetza are really cheated. Wasted a lot of money on stuff, to no avail, lost it all after been killed.Just avoid this game until the difficulty has been ajusted."
,Not Recommended,322920,24537203,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,♥QueenSandy♥,"So, I have this game for a while now and as you can see, didn't play it that much. That is because the game was full of bugs back then when I bought it.I waited a long time now and there haven't been any Updates for a long time now.That's pretty dissappointing. I thought this game could be very good and it has a good concept, just the way it got optimized isn't good.Now the game costs 10 Euro, back then I paid like 25 Euro for this. Was definetly not worth that price, probably 10 Euro is too much aswell.I would say do not buy this unless you want a dinosaur game which gets no Updates and maybe entertains you for 1 or 2 hours. (well thats just what I think.)"
76561198144469781,Recommended,322920,25903196,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Eevee_Dratini224,"Literally a day after the ""update"" fix, the servers are breaking again. Nice fix guys, its amazing.*Fixed server communication issuesMy♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,322920,13988706,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Candee,"This game is scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but also very fun and well thought out. One thing I would say is, they should add boats and fishing so you can go out in the ocean and also get eaten and attacked by huge sea dinos.. AND MEGLODON"
,Recommended,322920,19859982,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,kool-cat,"An amazing game with very pretty graphics and some of the most terrifying dinosaurs ive ever seen in a game. id rate it 9.5/10, walking does get boring."
,Recommended,322920,20186494,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[RX] Kersey,"This game I see has got alot of negativity, mostly from those who havent played the game more than a few hours and rage quit after getting killed a few times. There is no doubt that this game takes a while to get used to, even I used to get extremely frustrated at not being able to locate settlements with weapons. But once you start to learn thestructure of the map and the mechanics of the game, and you start to learn new skills and stratagies, this is an extremely fun and exiting game to play solo and with friends. The concept of theHunter: Primal is great, the graphics and enviroment is breathtaking and overall this game truly does deserve more attention. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who loves survival, dinosaurs, action and of course having a great time.For those who are just starting out, here are some useful tips:Survival:The Hunter Primal is all about killing dinosaurs, finding gear and most importantly, survival. You may find the best gear but if you don’t know how to survive and keep it, it’s pointless. If you come across a dinosaur that you are not equipped to fight, you must hide. The best way to stay undetected is by crouching instead of walking if you hear something, and lying in thick bushes if something gets too close… Around the map, you can find health canisters which you can use if you are struggling for health. So if you have one and you need it, don’t save it, use it! When you come across a cliff or steep drop, you should never take the chance of just walking off to get where you want to go, you will most likely just fall to your death…Killing Dinosaurs:Utahraptors:To kill these vicious beasts, it’s all about hitting them in the heart. You can hit them as many times as you like anywhere else and pretty much nothing will happen. To hit their heart, you must hit them directly in the front center of the body. Hits such as in the back of the spine or in the lungs (which are in the center of the side body) are effective too. It is recommended to use a weapon such as a pistol or shotgun against these.Velociraptors:These turkey sized predators can really mow you down if you are not careful, there is no set way to kill these, all you have to do it hit them and they will die… Using a machete or axe is by far the best option when fighting these things, although be prepared as they can come in packs of up to 12…Tyrannosaurus Rex:I reccomend NOT attacking this alone! You should always bring a friend along. (by playing online) If you choose to take on one, be sure to bring powerful guns and plenty of ammo. You need guns with at least the power of a 308 Rifle but a 700 Rifle or .50 Cal is recommended. When firing at this beast, you want to be hitting the heart which is located in-between its small arms.Triceratops:When taking on a Triceratops, you need to have a decent weapon with plenty of ammo, it is unlikely to attack you but you never know. When trying to hit it, go for the lungs, spine and heart. It is recommended to use a 700 Rifle or a 308 Rifle with plenty of ammo.Quetzalcoatlus:This flying dino can be annoying considering it can be hard to hit, the best way to take one down, is to shoot at its body as it attacks by swooping down on you. They are quite fragile creatures and can be taken down with as little as two hits from almost any gun.Settlements & Gear:Finding Settlements:It may seem hart at first, but finding settlements is very easy. When you start the game, you will get a “Map fragment” when you use that, you will be revealed a settlement on the map, all you have to fo is set a waypoint there by going on the map and clicking a point and go for it!Finding Weapons/Ammo:Weapons and ammo spawn at places called ""settlements"" these are marked by little symbols on your map. The best place to go is the settlement at the top of the volcano in the center of the map. This is the ony place you can find the .50 cal rifle, however it is still extremely rare. At this settlement you are likley to find shotguns and good camoflauge equipment."
76561198089186677,Recommended,322920,15240481,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,drw_online,"I haven't played it too much, but I can say that it is a very scary yet thrilling game, and I would probably recommend it to ages about 10+."
,Recommended,322920,24303996,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bifrost,"This is a good game.  It's not fantastically polished, it's not intuitive, it's certainly not much of a survival game in the traditional sense.  That said, the game is solid, it's fantastically atmospheric and there is a very definite survival component - don't get eaten!While I would not have asked anyone to make this game the way it is I would recommend this game, at this price, to anyone simply for the atmospheric value.  The feeling of being alone, barely armed, without explicit direction, in a tropical forest of towering, rain-lashed trees, desperately listening between the booming thunderclaps for the sound of a pernicious dromeosaurid, is masterfully implemented.  Genuinely, this feels like you're lost in Jurassic Park, except that the animals are realistic.  No six-foot, bald deinonychus masquerading as velocirapotors, but feathers a-plenty.It appears as though bets were thoroughly hedged during the making of this game, and the design choices seem to be split between a traditional hunting game, a survival game and, perhaps, some implicit marketing for the devs' other game TheHunter.  While I would have preferred a traditional hunting game with set hunts, bag limits, licenses and an out-of-game loadout menu, or a traditional survival game with crafting and hunger elements, this game manages to get all the core action elements of stealth, shot placement and an arsenal of weapons from a hunting game and combines it with truly phenomenal scenery and atmosphere, in a surprisingly streamlined package.I recommend playing multiplayer vs. alone - the community (who I have met ingame) are extremely nice, happy to help people out and lead the way.  The use of gear spawns around the map, as opposed to making money to buy gear which is bound to you, seems to be very successful in encouraging cooperation and sharing of toys.Don't listen to anyone saying that the game is abandoned - it still receives updates every now and then.  It's just not top of the list of priorities of the devs.  For this price, you shouldn't expect it to be."
76561198059175346,Recommended,322920,18780187,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,tehlItER,"A good world to explore, but with little interaction for the player, scarce chances to survive, and lately  it's lacking support."
76561198024683025,Not Recommended,322920,26732847,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Panzer,"-PROS-+Graphics+Team Play+Saving your inventory+Thrilling-CONS--One fudging limited map-Same old dinosaurs-Nothing new to discover after a whileREAD ME:Ok so, you need to spend a lot of time for a quality set of inventory (from weapons to clothing-you need them to survive). Time is not the issue though. So, I fell off from a mountain with my inventory(in backpack) and I respawned went to the exact point to claim my inventory. Despite the fact I hit the ground after I fell, my backpack was at the mountain ridge. I spent so many hours for that inventory. I said ""ok lets do it again"" and I fell off again when I was running from a dinosaur and happened again. THAT GLITCH IS VITAL!!!!!!!!!NOT GONNA PLAY AGAIN!!!!!!!MY EFFORTS ARE SCREWED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198084465448,Recommended,322920,20987274,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MGH,Fantastic game its come along way since i first brought it highly reccomend it few minor bug/glitchs but they come and go and arnt rely gamebreaking ones also great support from the devs A+
76561198342111494,Not Recommended,322920,26628263,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ewenslaughter1234,"♥♥♥♥♥game wish i coud get a refund, and i love farcry"
,Recommended,322920,15247150,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,j0hns0ng,Good game but must play with friends to be fun!
,Not Recommended,322920,33855093,Posted: 28 July,all,FREEMASON,"The screenshots shown does not even match the gameplay now...I really don't know why they did that. Running is very unrealistic as you get tired very fast. It's turning into a ingame coin base type where you have to kill to get coins to unlock better gears instead of crafting to unlock your weapons because it doesn't make any sense whatsoever when you crash landed with your pod on the Dino planet but somehow doesn't have the need to learn to craft basic weapon to advance weapon to survive. Seeing it as a hunting game there's also not a lot of Dinosaur roaming around for you to kill too and it just kills the fun out of it. Running key is mapped with ""C"" while standing up and crouching is mapped with the key ""Shift and L-Ctrl"" no tutorial of course so I have to actually go into the keyboard to look and remap controls. It just does not give me a feel of a hunting game...it's more of a butchered game to me."
,Recommended,322920,16269808,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Skunk_king,"(I'm level 34) Spawns in.  Hears rex.  ""HELP!"" lol  Rexes still terrify me. 10/10Pros:Realistic simulationFunFast-paced action (unless your traveling in a heavily hunted server)Example:  Helping someone get rid of two rexes at once.  Running out of ammo and being the only survivor.  Even though rex walked over me about 2x.  (You don't die unless they are in attack mode.)Cons:Still somewhat buggy and glitchedQuetz rarely attacks except for surprise attacksQuetz attacking you can kick you from the server occassionallyExample #1:  My last game I had a Quetz surprise attack me.  I lost connection.  Update: (This bug has been fixed.)Example #2:  I spawned in after spending over 60,000 game dollars on .308 and .44; when I tried to look in my drop pod, it disappeared before my eyes.  Now I'm poor.All that aside, I still love this game.  Again, 10/10"
76561198142470403,Recommended,322920,30001682,Posted: 17 February,all,✪swag-iwnl,Breathtaking
,Not Recommended,322920,15154439,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,NetGuru,Mediocre game
76561198152240873,Recommended,322920,17627648,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,scorpion123,I think this game is great and every thing i wanted i have played a lot of this game and its very hard but it one of the funest games i have i hope you enjoy!
,Not Recommended,322920,19982384,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,darkangel,"I cannot recommend a game that was built as a side project by the devs of The Hunter, and then seemingly abandoned by them a few months later after they milked the steam community for $20 something dollars.  We only see updates once every few months now and they dont fix the fundamental problems of the game.  This is listed as a survival game, that they are 100% correct on.  They dont give you enough ammo to survive on so you either spend all your time trying to sneak around the dinosaurs which usually end up sniffing you out no matter how well camoflauged you are and you end up wasting your precious ammo on trying to kill them because the devs dont add enough ammo in the boxes they spawn in that you are supposed to use to keep yourself stocked up on.  There are numerous bugs and glitches that they need to fix and in order to survive you usually see people exploiting them just to get enough ammo to survive, that or you spend all your time throwing yourself off cliffs to ""buy"" ammo which is only purchasable in your death screen.  There arent enough dinosaur varieties in the game, especially herbivores and you never see the carnivores interact with the herbivores, they completely ignore each other for the most part no matter what is going on in-game.  There are a few ""crown"" or good camps that drop decent gear so expect to do nothing more in this game but running between those camps trying to outfit yourself enough to take down a rex and getting eaten many many times in the process.  If I had a dollar every time I screamed at my pc: ""Devs, fix your game!""  I could replace my current setup with a triple SLI'd Titan GTX PC and go pick up ARK instead and run it at ultra and 60 fps."
76561198151266312,Not Recommended,322920,17367728,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Scout,"Dont buy this game.. Lostr cause, no longer updated, not much to offer in it at all, not to mention the bugs.. Try Ark."
,Not Recommended,322920,21488764,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Maata_Maata,"If you're like me and you long to relive the glory days of playing Carnivores I and II on your PC, I would recommend this; but with the caveat, you will be bored. I don't mean like a commercial break between an episode of your favorite TV show, but more along the lines of watching paint dry in a humid environment. It just isn't fun past a certain point.If this game gets AI, weapons, and dinosaur updates, I'd recommend it; however, as it stands, only pick this game up if you are a desperate fool wanting to hunt dinosaurs or if you can get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,322920,22142245,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,MLGPro_USA,Boring after a while... needs more to it
76561198023749984,Not Recommended,322920,29338531,Posted: 18 January,all,butch.h,theHunter: PrimalWhat a disappointment what an incompetent “developer” . Steam should not carry games of this poor quality on its platform as it makes a person question Steams integrity . A so called patch  was released to fix certain bugs on this game and now none of your progress is saved making this a really frustrating game to play . The so called developer Stefan  has a really childish and hysterical reaction to criticism shame . Primal refuse to address issues on this game . Steam continues to provide s platform for the unwary to purchase this defective product . Buyer beware
,Recommended,322920,16571348,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,RevenantDemon,"It's a great game, I just feel it's seriously lacking. There's only five types of dinosaur in it, two of which might as well just be the same species. I love dinosaurs, and would like to see this game reach its full potential. More species! More variety!"
76561198054828026,Not Recommended,322920,15151314,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,james_mcdl,"Unfinished Game. This game has the potential to be something great but whats keeping it from that possibility is the endless bugs, shady mechanics and or lack there of. This is a survival game without starvation,dehydration hell you dont even get to build a shelter or a storage box! The game is missing a few things but it does have some positives. The Ease at which you can die (which you should die if a T-Rex bites you), Graphic-wise this game gets a 8.5 outta 10! Being a multiplayer is a definite must to this type of game not only for the competitive but for the sheer difficulty of this game. However this game misses out on the the whole cook food,build shelter genre when it would clearly make it better i mean who wouldnt wanna kill and eat a dinosaur! Mechanics on the new flying Dinosaur could be twerked a bit not just in favor of killing the animal but a way to maybe put that machete to good use! This game has the right idea but just doesnt seem to follow through. When i saw i could buy items i got a little excited think yea i definitely would spend a little hard earn USD for guns and ammo, But  its not so and why when all you would have to do is when you die /land they are in the pod  with that crap machete (cause your a special prisoner kinda thing) ya know like his family is sending him commisarry, But its Guns instead of HoneyBuns. At the moment this game gets a 7outof10 with me.Please dont leave the game this way"
76561198071459381,Not Recommended,322920,15159670,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,dimirator,"Too difficult and frustrating to start! It takes ages just to find a single piece of ammo. it is just not possible to cross any open area because of flying dinos! very, very frustrating game experience. please dont take it wrong - i love usualy games like ""the forest"". but this one is just too hard to even get any meaningful weapon. if you like crawling and hiding for several hours just to get some equipment - its game okay for you."
76561198045417514,Not Recommended,322920,15153727,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,sep_79,"The game was a very cool alpha, very beautiful game really enjoyed it.But the full release is a bit disappointment to me, the game is still beautiful but i really dont like the difficulty, the ranking system and the respawn distance from your dead body."
76561198016498180,Not Recommended,322920,15154772,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Slimy,"I liked the game untill the last patch with the ♥♥♥♥ing birds. Each time i spawn and i kidd you not that there is ALWAYS atleast 2 birds following me. The game started to such balls when i get grabbed by the tip of their wings and die and when i die i spawn ""in the same aria"" so they attack me again but still far enough away for me to be 100% sure ill never reach my body again. Useless thinking from the creators with the latest patch."
76561198024780449,Not Recommended,322920,15160130,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Molocke,"Want to know what I loved this game. It had stealth, some guns and hunting dinosaurs. What could you ask for? How about actual working mechanics for guns! Constant and true hit boxes for hearts, lungs and what not! T-rex's that don't run straight to you when your crouched and have full lvl 5 camo and haven't moved or made noise in 5 mins! Quets were a nice touch. To bad they fly through everything, including the ground, then pick you up fly high enough and drop you to your death! Oh did I forget their is no counter for the bird either! Bow for a starter was good you could kill something, but now with only a machete you spend a hr to find a weapon then get promptly eaten by a Rex! If your reading this don't give this money grabbing company any cash. After their intial success with the pre-release it has gone down hill and not much fun for solo, not to mention pvp full of hackers. As for me and my friends any and all games from these producers will be scornfully watched and never baught into and i'm actually sick to my stomach for wasting the 15$ intially to buy in. You have been warned. Goodluck and hunt elsewhere!"
,Not Recommended,322920,15160982,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Armpit Guy,"This is easily the worst game i've ever had the displeasure of playing. Putting aside the fact that it looks like absolute garbage compared to the trailers, the controls are easily the worst i've EVER had to attempt to use, and even after changing them to controls i'd be used to, it's still just so slow and clunky and uncomfortable to play. I spent the entirety of my time avoiding Utahraptors, literally just walking fast enough that they couldn't catch up to me, and not being able to do anything but continue walking away from them. I started out with a Bow, but no arrows, and i lost that useless bow as soon as i died from that Utahraptor relentlessly biting at me. The sprint bar goes down extremely fast, with practically no real speed bonus, and only recharges at an acceptable rate when you're standing still. I wandered around for about what i'd say was a mile, being attacked by several Utahraptors along the way, and saw nothing at all worth my time. No other dinosaurs, no weapons, nothing to interact with other than rocks and dino♥♥♥♥♥♥ literally just those ♥♥♥♥ing Utahraptors. Altogether, I'd have to say that i wasted $30, and i really wish that i could refund this steaming pile of dogshit. All i can really think is that this game was thrown together by a couple of Jurrasic Park wannabe-fanatics with 0 talent in 3D modeling and animation. Truly pathetic. 1/10"
,Recommended,322920,15248295,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Sir Drevden,"The game is pretty good. still some bugs but its fine for me. Maybe add some more dinosaurs like Sauropodomorpha,Argentinosaurus,Gasparinisaura,Kol and Spinosaurus. Right know there is just 5 dinosaurs."
76561198009224567,Not Recommended,322920,33778787,Posted: 24 July,all,bogandis,game does not function proporly.
,Recommended,322920,32043404,Posted: 29 May,all,MythieY,very good game to sink time into
,Not Recommended,322920,26301790,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,[53rd] Karl,"Game sucks. Me and my friends spawn all over the map. When you move even a sligt distance you instnatly get killed, we spent 90% of  the time running to eachother and getting stuck on glitchy♥♥♥♥♥♥ DON'T BUY!!"
76561198205172585,Not Recommended,322920,32030698,Posted: 28 May,all,IICrabbyII,"I liked it whileit lasted but they need to fix losing all your stuff, I had alot and the games♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it away"
76561198006182690,Not Recommended,322920,15151179,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Helixx247,Burn your money it will bring you more entertainment.
,Recommended,322920,13403028,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"By far the least buggest, most incredibly fun Early Access game I've played so far.The AI is actually really clever as the T-Rex was stalking around trying to find me and once it spotted me, it was freaking scary. Graphics could uses some work but my goodness the Dinosaur models are AMAZING!Gameplay is really good but I would like the ability to recover my health by either drinking the water or being able to open up the dinos and eat their meat, something like that would be great for a future update.All in all, this game is great for anyone who is getting bored with DayZ and wants a new experience in the world of Survival Games.Early Access of this game gets a 8.9/10"
,Recommended,322920,14427143,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Beer,"The developers have done a good job getting on top of bugs/error's fairly quicky, As for the game: It's a little more ""Less Hunter, more...Hunted"" It's a great concept, not to mention PVP! Game looks beautiful. 1 out of 10 I give it a solid 8.9"
76561198021570900,Not Recommended,322920,15247301,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,whisp,"In theHunter: Primal you're exposed on a planet similar to our earth millions of years ago. The beautiful landscape askes to be explored. The motivator: Hunt dinos to level up and earn money, both to be able to buy better equipment before you respawn after a dino got you.Also there are multiple abandoned bases on the rather big island you play on and chests with equipment (guns, ammo, healthpacks, clothing).So far it's all nice. Unfortunately there are only 5 kinds of dinos: The small Velociraptor, the big Utharaptor, the Triceratops (the only herbivore), the T-Rex and the Quetzalcoatlus (flying).Encountering the dinos is well done: You might hear some raptors, but you won't see them, you move along, and still hear them, knowing that they're stalking you. But soon you will find out that the dinos are incredibly stupid in fights: Except for the flying dino and the T-Rex to some extent, they all can be easily killed with the starting machette only, if you keep moving along their flank and back.Frequent bugs like frozen dinos (e.g. a Quetzalcoatlus stuck in the air), Quetzalcoatlus flying through the terrain or T-Rexes who do their death-bite even if you're far away from their head further take away from the atmosphere the stunning land- and soundscape provided before.The unfinished game has a lot of potential, but it has been released from early access, thus i don't assume that this potential will be used. I don't recommend this game."
76561198041084995,Recommended,322920,15258923,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Spider Parker,"[As you can see by my gametime the Pros outweigh the Cons.]I like the Dinosaurs,I like the weapon layoutI like the islandI like the communityI actually do like the shaky aim for gunsI like the graphics and modelsI dont like AI (on occasion Rex and QUETZAL need work)I dont like wall haxI dont like duping ammoI dont like clothing being part of your weight limitI dont like how slow stamina regens.(I can interval run IRL better than this game portrays)Annatomy aiming could use a bit of work but this is usally a latency issueI hate how adding a waypoint makes it impossible to view peoples' name's on the map.[/as you can see by my gametime the pros outweigh the cons.]"
76561198052971534,Not Recommended,322920,22500438,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,kevin398_727,"The game is very nice to look at and the animals are decent to deal with. But the devs made it perfectly clear this is a tech demo for The Hunter, their other game. This was never meant to be a full game, just tech demo for details and sounds that will make the other game better. Dont expect many DLC's because they arent coming."
,Recommended,322920,17272588,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Armand from Batman Beyond,"This is a great game but there 3 things you should know first,#1.THIS IS NOT A SURVIVAL GAME!!!If you want a dino survival game go buy ARK.#2. This game requires a lot of patience.#3. This game is not dead, it just dosen't have frequent updates.Now that you know all this and if you are okay with this then go ahead and buy this amazing, scenic, hunting simulator."
76561198128540016,Recommended,322920,13405685,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,MadTrapper88,"Fun game so far. Some definite quality of life improvements would include: stackable ammo, option to pause game, markers for your corpse on every death (not just your most recent death), reduce sounds of mushrooms.It's only in early access. I'd imagine some more game mechanics such as missions should be added to give a person a goal to keep playing.Weapons would be nicer to come across a little more often. Items such as treestands, blinds, bait, would be nice. I haven't come across anything like that yet. Night vision goggles would be tight. Maybe stuff like avatar and weapon customization would be nice. Also if you die and can't get back to your corpse without quitting the game, you shouldn't lose all of your stuff. There should be some way to get it back.Another nice feature would be skills that level up such as endurance, stealth, accuracy, etc. You would gain points by killing dino's that could be spent on level ups.Anyway, just my thoughts. Having fun getting molested by Utahraptors. 21/10, would get molested again."
,Not Recommended,322920,15261896,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,keldorian,This game just lacks any type of fun factor I have tried several times to get into it just not happening the graphics are good but that is all it has going for it. I do not recomend this game at this time.
76561198250923612,Not Recommended,322920,30736334,Posted: 25 March,all,TheGamingFreakGG,Easily one of the most boring games i've EVER played1. It takes forever to find a chest and if you do its likely guarded by dinosaurs which will straight up 3 shot you2. Why tf dont you start out with a better weapon? Like seriously a make-shift machete what the hell is that gonna do to a raptor give it a scratch?2/10 It atleast looks nice
76561198020929753,Recommended,322920,15594947,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,phandini,"Useless game,if you screen doesnt just drop out or shut down for no reason then there is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of putting 4 shotgun rounds into a Utah raptor and it kills you and where do you respawn  ???? in a damn nest of raptors or next to a Trex with only a machette and lets not forget sally sodt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ can Only carry 20 kilos  i used to carry a M60 machine gun ,a C2 sight and 500 rounds of ammunition thats over 22kgs and not including grenades,water ,rations , a claymore mine and a SRAAW.PLEASE some variety in herbivores and a bit more of a load out."
,Not Recommended,322920,28737956,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,aFullmetalTaco,"This game is terrible. It crashes all the time. There are more bugs than what's in that guy from spooky Nightmare Before Christmas. I still enjoy it and play it, but the bugs make it not worth actually paying money for.  Every time i start to get in a good position in the game, it crashes and i lose everything. And it's not a problem with my pc, it's literally just this game."
,Not Recommended,322920,18296839,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Masaru Isamu,I regret buying this game not enough content to keep Any one intrested ..really wish i could get my money back from it but  i cant because aloted time is up .its not a BAD game ..but its not..exactly a good game eather ..so...user choice pay or dont eather way its a game with .not much replayability :<If the maker of this game Reads this... I would love a full refund but thats not gonna happen i know that because i played over the alloted time and such..but still guy can hope right?
76561198162616488,Recommended,322920,19808005,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Captain Crosshair #2,"Thehunter: Primal has all the potential to be a great, awesome game in many regards. You hunt and explore alone or with other survivors (multi-player) and are also hunted by the creatures of this game. Experiences can make you feel horrified if you forget your actually playing a game to some. What started out as a mega promising game fell to the wayside with no updates or patches for almost a year. A NEW DLC has been released with some new fixes along with a great mission to kill the Primal Queen T-Rex. You must first seek out the rare T-Rex and aquire its gland to lure the Primal ""Queen|' out into the open. She is must stronger than the normal Rex's found within the game.  New high tech weapons are gifted to the players skilled enough to bring down the Primal Queen.  A new survey for players was put out by Expansive Worlds asking numerous questions about future things that could possibly make the game better. New DLC's and such. There are some bugs still noticably found in the game that are said to be fixed soon. Hopefully the Devs are now onboard with this project permanently and can give us tons of new explorations, more creatures to horrify the faint of heart. The game deserves to be updated and new materials added frequently even if it means spending money on new DLC's by its fanbase. There are not many Dino games out there that are worth anyones time. This one has the potential to be a great one. Great game, needs some Dev love before it loses its fanbase and is lost forever. Time will tell if the effort is put into it. We hope so......"
,Recommended,322920,13511749,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rubberpineapple,A T-Rex menstruated on me for 30 minutes11/10 would lay prone again
,Not Recommended,322920,15814544,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Potato Mouse,"This game was great in the pre-release (that's why it has so many good reviews) but now since its a full, complete game. The Devs add things that upsets me and many other gamers that play this game. I not going to give you the run down of all the problems this game has. If I did it would of became the bible of glitches, bugs and just awful decisions. I am only going to give you one problem and you figure out if you want to waste you money on this if its on sale. When you spawn in the game you only have a bow and a handful of arrows.This makes it hard to kill dinos in this game but not impossible. Now you have only a  machete that was made in china. (sorry china) So good luck with that and dealing with players with better guns than you because of the stupid progression system. By the way watch out for pterodactyl that grabs you and drops you off 100 feet in the air. The devs way of saying ""Thank you for purchasing our game"""
,Recommended,322920,15156428,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Stayshiny,"Caution: This game requires patience. I'm not a patient guy. That being said, it is quite rewarding when you get used to the ideals of the game.I do agree with most other reviews which often say ""This game is basically still being developed and it shouldn't be a full release yet"" Because it's true. There are only five species on the island so some variety would'nt go amiss. A couple more herbivores too.What I'd also like to see is being able to construct some sort of shelter, I know it's included in a lot of other games now, especially those with a bit of survival in them, but this game is literally all about survival yet we wander about for the entire duration.There are bugs. Some are infuriating. For me I've been able to ignore them, and I'm still discovering the game.Overall this is a fun game, feels great when you get on top of the local meat eaters and the ability to team up with people helps too.Needs more content and a couple of dodgy bugs fixed. That's all. I hope within two months of writing this review there'll be a little more to chew on.Edit - It's been seven months. Devs have done nothing to update the game whatsoever. What once had the potential to become an exciting game has stagnated and melted away in the shadow or ARK and other such games. Go buy ARK instead, it actually gets updated."
76561197969552792,Recommended,322920,15158766,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,OddBall,"Quetzalcoatlus - i mean - why ???Months of devs ignoring great ideas - then the god awful velociraptors followed by the flying Dbags.76 hours or so - i loved this game - then they ""released"" it and it's dead. Awesome.I had top of the line camo and weapons = loaded up and 10 minutes later i was dropped from on high onto the cold ground. No problm i thought - i'll head back, get my stuff and kill all of those flying dipsticks. I get back to my loot and 3 of them - 3 - started attacking - took out 2 - looked up - there was now 4 of them.In the heat of battle i remember holding the right mouse button and clicking on the left and the game crashed. All my stuff gone.ok - no wories - buy some ok stuff and join an mp game. You could just sit in the forest by the volcano and be entertained by the human rain falling from the Quetzalcoatluseses flying above.I thought I hated them = man everyone does. Makes you think HOW this could have been added - testing ?? QA ?? Yeah right.It had SO MUCH potential = and now it is a planet sized chunk of crap.EDIT - The flying dinos are now limited to the volcano area - back to hunting i go :)"
76561198081696699,Recommended,322920,13633284,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Olof Insane,"I would easily give this game of the year award but atm, it crashes wayyyyy to often. I was hosting a game of 15 people and my client crashed. So many people get dissapointed when playing. It's a pain really, but IT'S WORTH IT. It's seriously so much fun that i've given up on all other games. Getting stalked across the landbridge by a pack of raptors, getting eaten by a t-rex that comes out of nowhere, taking selfies with triceratops that got their head stuck in a hill. What more can you want?Remember that you actually need to aim on vital areas of the animals. If you shoot head on you're likely to be eaten. I hit a raptor from the front 4 times with shotgun slugs, but it still ate me, but you can one-shot them with bow and arrow if you hit straight in the heart! Taking down a t-rex on your own is not impossible. They are afraid of walking down really steep hills, so if you find a ledge, it's easy to get a few shots on the rex to make it start running away, then you pick out your marksman rifle and take it down but this game is best if you play it with friends.Map knowledge is key. There some settlements spread across the map where you can find various firearms. If you find a settlement, write down the coordinates, which you can find in the hand computer."
,Recommended,322920,15242594,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Balmer1,Nice ..
,Recommended,322920,13607908,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JeeF,"Has a lot of potential.Atmosphere is electrifying.Still has a few bugs, but mind you this is early access, not the finished product."
76561198115823695,Recommended,322920,14738329,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Klaystation,"I really like the game so far.Dinos: I would like to see more dinosaurs added and they have added one since I got early access. I would also like to see more sophisticated dinosaur movement and behaviour. So far they act well, especially the Utahraptors, but occasionally, I have noticed that the Trex will get stuck against a large tree or a rock. I would be very excited if they can manage to make the dinos interact more. It would be awesome in the carnivores would hunt herbavores and Trex would fight eachother (excetera).Buildings: I want there to be more sophisticated ruins or buildings. There are towers and runied forts but there are no doors or you can't enter any of the old buildings. This bothers me because it makes no sense... Anyway, there has been consistent improvement so far so I hope this team keeps going :-)"
76561198086052807,Recommended,322920,13900717,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dagre89,"Most realistic hunting enviroment I've played in to date.  Awesome game physics and highly detailed landscapes and dinosaurs make for a thrilling hunting experience.  An air of caution to those easily scared. Do not play in the dark with headphones.The experience starts you off in a space capsule that lands on a planet filled with blood thirsty dinosaurs.  Your main objective is to hunt, kill and rid the island of these man eating beasts.  You start off with a bow and few arrows to tide you over unitl you eventually find crates scattered around the map, containing different weapons and ammo.  When encountering these larger that life beasts, I recommend you use the environment to your advantage.  There's plenty of undergrowth to conceal yourself until the perfect shot presents itself to you.As an early release for $19.00, you get more than you pay for.  You'll find the plush and vibrant island environment and a variety of three Dinosaurs, anough to contend with until further developement.  The targets include the infamous Utahraptor, T-Rex and Triceratops.  As developement continues, more dinosaurs will be added along with more objectives i'm sure.  This is a single/multiplayer interface where you can either go it alone, or team up with others.Power in numbers!!And good hunting....."
,Recommended,322920,13413287,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,DeathKillerNOR,"The game got potential, But Still Need Some WorkGraphic: 7/10Experience: 6/10,Audio/Sound: 9/10Overal Score: 7/10Will be updating this as often as possible."
76561198007298876,Recommended,322920,14106512,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ethyrian,"For an early access game, theHunter: Primal is satisfactory. Not the best, but certainly not the worst.The main draw of the game is survivng on an island full of dinosaurs which is a ton of fun. Although the dinosaurse's AI is mediocre at best, the thrill of being hunted by a pack of raptors or chased by a T-Rex is pretty terrifying. The scenery and sound effects are extremely impressive, adding life to a massive jungle world, which gives the illusion that the animals are talking to one another.Unfortunately there is not much to do but make your way across the island, hunting for loot while the combat and weapon options are limited.As it stands at the time of this review, I only recommend it if you have close friends to enjoy it with. That being said, if the development of this game continues at a reliable pace, theHunter: Primal has the potential to be a great game."
76561198168543240,Recommended,322920,13568366,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,mickeys3000,"This new error 16002 where you can't connect to the game is not good.  19 days not being able to play now so still thumbs down. Other than that I like the game lots of fun playing with friends.  No comments from the Devs in the forums also not looking very good.(edit)   Well I had to edit my review finally after some updates I was able to play again.  There are still some issues that need to be addressed 1. in multiplayer if your not the host your shots are not counting when shooting animals.  So if you shoot 30 times into a T-rex and your friend shoots 30 times only his shots count.  Same with the other animals as well.  2. The shotgun has issues off and on with the different ammo types, have to take the shotgun out of the slot place it into inventory then replace it back into weapon slot.  Was killed because of this 3 or 4 times.  Also sometimes the shotgun doesn't want to fire not sure what is causing this but it does happen.  3. The power of the ammo doesn't seem to be strong enough at times one time it drops everything no problem.  Then other times its like you have to shoot for example T-rex 60 times to kill it point blank something wrong with that.  First came out I was able to get a T-rex with 4 to 10 shots not anymore.  4. The grouping of dinos odd load ratios.  Raptors seem to be in larger packs of 7 to 9 more often now.  Triceratops seem to be in groups of 3 to 6 .  If your unlucky like me at times you get the 3 and 4 T-rex at one time.  Most of the time can get 1 maybe 2 of them but then the other 2 get you.  The ammo stacking has made things alot nicer able to have ammo with no worries now.  Still kinda buggy at times with it but not as bad.  Now comes the weather I was dreading the day when the rain from hell would hit the game.  I do not care for the rain system had it in the regular thehunter game.  Is way too loud needs to have a way to lower the sound level.  Try playing this game with headphones in TS when it rains you can't hear anyone and it gives you a headache.  I haven't tried pvp yet first off I don't want to lose the clothing it took me days to find.  I really would like to have a second game profile so I could have one for the regular game play and one for PVP play. That way I wouldn't care if I lost what I had when in PVP etc.  Other than that I like the game nothing like the ROAR of the mighty T-rex .  Then the foot steps the screen shake then  the first sight of the Mighty Rex.  You hide where ever you can it walks past you then suddenly stops and sniffs the air. Your heart races you wonder do I shoot or do I stay still.  50/50 chance I say go for it.  I would now have to recommend this game now as I do hope they keep updating with goodies.  I say 8 out of 10  as it is now.   After more things are added I will see about updating my review and see if it should get a better score."
76561198010592416,Recommended,322920,13607280,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cpt Eddy (JRAS),"This is an excellent early access game!!! I would recommend this to everyone!!This is like Dayz but with Dinosaurs, whick I think is really awesome!!"
,Recommended,322920,21944659,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,初音ミク .Miku~Miku,Best Survival Game Ever!!!But need to more dinosaur at this game.Add more object at all mapGood Job theHunter: Primal!!!
76561197968809599,Recommended,322920,13470903,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Chazmeister,"If you've played The Hunter (no I'm not going to type it like this: theHunter), then this is basically The Hunter but with dinosaurs, and if the idea of that floats your boat, then by all means give it a go.If you've not played The Hunter before, then basically it's a hunting sim with dinosaurs. You get a large tropical volcanic hawaiian style island to roam and explore at your lesuire which looks fantastic. As with The Hunter they've done a great job on making the environment feel very natural and believable. Fancy a quick break somewhere nice in the sun? Then go for a hike around this island. Of course you won't be able to completely relax because the place is also inhabited by dinosaurs, which you can either try and avoid or hunt down. The current premise behind all this is that you're a prisoner/pioneer in the future who has been dumped on this planet and tasked with clearing it of dinosaurs. Evidence of previous pioneers is still littered and dotted around the landscape in places.To aid you in hunting you get a sort of hunters mate. A little electronic PDA style device that you can use to scan foot prints or scat or even dinosaur calls to help give you a idea of their directional location. It's not always 100% on the ball so you have to use a bit of your own judgment as well. By default, evidence of dino tracks are highlighted with glowing red markers making them much easier to spot in amongst all the thick vegitation. You can turn these markers off and rely only on your own abilities to spot the foot prints and mounds of dino poo. Trust me, even without the glowing markers, trying to spot even a 3 foot mound of poo is tricky, let alone a foot print in the grass. The PDA however will still chirp up and notify you when you do stumble over some evidence of dino tracks.So what weapons and gear do you get to hunt down these dinos? Well it's an odd assortment considering it's set in the future and that you have been specifially tasked with hunting down dinosaurs. You'd think they'd give you a suit of armour and a gun that could knock down an elephant, but instead you start dressed in a t-shirt next to a pod that contains a bow and a tiny clutch of arrows. Yes, they gave you bows and arrows to take down dinosaurs. I guess the folks in charge back on earth must have been reading the Turok comics in order to formulate their dino eradication strategy. As you move around the landscape, you will come across crates with other weapons, items of clothing and medi kits. Mostly you will find more arrows and bows, but there are also shotguns, pistols and rifles to be found. Annoyingly you won't always find the ammo with the gun, meaning you will have to decide whether to haul around a dead weight with you in the hope of finding some ammo for it. All items affect your overall weight, which in turn affects your movement speed and how long you can sprint for. Clothing items currently seem to offer no bonuses, it's just fancy dress right now. Another issue is that items will not stack at the moment either. So if you have 5 arrows and you pick up another 3, they will stay as two separate amounts in your inventory. Fortunately inventory space is not a problem right now anyway as there is almost no way you could fill it with the current weight limitations. However when you equip the 3 arrows it won't automatically then use up the bunch of 5 after you've used the bunch of 3. You will have to then equip that bunch of 5 manually too. All simple issues that will get sorted in time I'm sure.The weapons themselves for the most part handle well. The bow is a bit of a pain, as you need to aim it before charging it for firing and you can't do it in quick succession. Meaning if 3 raptors get on your trail and all you have is a bow, then you're dead meat. You might take one, but the other two will get you for sure. A shotgun fully loaded with slugs will even up the score some what. As with The Hunter all the beasties take location damage to things like heart and lungs etc and even if they do a runner they can still bleed out and die later. If like me you have no idea of the internal anatomy of dinosaurs, then taking them down with shots to the vitals will be more about luck and guess work. Currently there are only 3 dinosaur types in the game, the Triceratops, Utahraptors and the T-Rex. The dinos are not omnipotent and you can generally sneak up on them with reasonable ease if you stay low and stick to cover. They can of course also sneak up on you. A few times as I've been strolling along I heard a rustle from behind me and turned around to see a raptor sneaking up on me. If you see 3 snooping around behind you trying to pick up on your trail, then get worried. Avoid the T-Rex. Triceratops is a herbivore and is the best one to actively hunt down yourself without worrying that it's going to eat you instead.I haven't tried playing it with other folks yet, only ""singleplayer"", so I can't tell you how good the network code is etc. To play, you have to create a game and set the usual things like how many other players you want to be able to join in and give your game a password. So currently to play it single player just set the players to 1 and password it. In the 3 hours I played last night, I did not encounter any major show stopping bugs or crashes. It all seemed pretty stable to me. Playing it on an i5 with 8 Gb of ram and a GTX770, all on max settings and it all runs just fine.Right now the game is a bit content thin as previously noted. Only 1 island, 3 dinos, a small smattering of weapons and not a lot else. However of course I expect that to change as the game is delveloped. What is currently there though, is in a very playable state, and if hunting and exploring are your thing then this should provide you with a good few hours of enjoyment even at this stage. The Hunter is currently the best hunting game out there (shame about the microtransactions), so this game already has a good foundation in that respect. It's more or less really just going to be a case of waiting for them to develop the content with this one.What would I like to see going forwards? More islands with different biomes like windswept deserts and dunes, arctic areas, temperate woodlands and plains. More dinosaurs of course and interactivity beween the different dinosaurs, as I haven't really seen any evidence of that yet. More kit and perhaps a bit of minor base building maybe. All stuff that I'm pretty sure we'll see eventually anyway."
,Not Recommended,322920,15112628,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,[GBS] Tindurr,"From what I've seen of this game, it's good. I don't recommend it because no matter how many updates come out, I can't even get past the logos.If there was any way I could get a refund, I would immediately ask for it."
,Recommended,322920,18098870,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,DinoGeek65,"I understand that many people are annoyed that the devs wont be updating this game that much from now on, myself included, but in my opinion this game is already great as it is, they have fixed a lot of the bugs in this game since early access like the pterosaur being stuck in the grab animation and picking you up and killing you instantly, now they only do that when you are low on health. They have also made the triceratops attack you if you get to close to it, and it only runs away if you injure it enough, and they dont keep on running, they will eventually stop only to run away again if you get close to them again. Ammo now stacks thank goodness and the overall AI of all the dinosaurs has been improved significantly. The point Im trying to make is that even if they dont progress with this game any further, which I personally find hard to believe, at least they have left this game polished and almost completely free of bugs, and it is still a game that a lot of people play, so it's obvious that im not the only one who still thinks this game is great."
,Not Recommended,322920,16645707,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,monk1junk1,The studio's attitude towards developing this game is just embarressing. This game needs to be taken back to early access.
76561198094269658,Recommended,322920,23764236,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Wombat,"Played alone or with a team This game is one of if not the most Immersive game i've ever played !  once you have got to know your prey 1 hour can lead to 5 in the blink of an ey, Please run your videocard settings on maximum for best look at the game scenery regardless you will still be treated to a visualy stunning vista, 8.5 out of 10 for this game please considder trying you won't be disapointed regardless of some who don't have a computer / conection  to run it via steam and blame the game !"
76561198264382175,Recommended,322920,21852288,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Fabian44,"Best Dinosaur Hunting game, Its better then TheHunter cuz  its not PaytoHunt or PayToWin :D Nice Game"
,Recommended,322920,13479924,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Addzz,"Great Game! Harldy any bugs for Alpha, those it does crash now and then (fortunately that's at the game menu when starting not half way through a hunt) It's a slow paced game but a highly rewarding one and the encounters with the Dinosaurs I'd describe as more frequent than the original Hunter game, and perfectly balanced between realism and entertainment.If you don't think properly when you start you may not enjoy the game, you cannot aimlessly roam on your own with a bow and expect to live. I teamed up with someone else so if we did encounter a Raptor before we got a gun, we'd both have a good chance at taking it down together. Gradually you build up your weapons and ammo, and now I'm roaming around taking everything out. The introductions of pvp optional servers give you more to shoot at for impatient gamers, but also dents your survivability as often people gift you guns in non pvp.I'd recommend viewing the forums for a 'base map' - there are 25 so far in the game and if you know where they are you can enter the game and run to the base in the hope of getting a big gun. I'm now kitted out in full camo gear, i have a sniper and scope rifle, and a shotgun. It's really, really fun, especially seeing the holes you can blast out the dinosaurs with the rifle. I'm totally impressed and what a bargain at 15.99 for the hours I've now put in (16), I can't wait to see what else is added as the game develops - a really throroughly good effort."
76561198166915440,Not Recommended,322920,22205441,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Grimm,I was exited 5 minutes.
76561198089624278,Recommended,322920,16591356,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,VolkY,My best hunting dinosaurs simulator ever!!!
,Recommended,322920,14174134,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Stiffler,"Ok, so I don't think I've ever written some sort of review before about any game, but this one kicked off with a bang & pretty much scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me during the first 10-20 opening minutes.For starters it's in beta & it so far is looking to be worth the $20 you'll spend on it. Player hosted servers are pretty cool as well, doesn't matter if it's 300+ping I can still kill & run for my dear life.The start spawns.. Lol this is a bit of a gag here, but they are fairly good as well I get that you can't have it so you always spawn away from dinosaurs seeing as though it appears to be some lost planet we land on, but holy hell my first spawn landed me in the middle of♥♥♥♥♥♥creek & I was literally crawling to gtfo of there, one of the raptors must've sniffed me out because he started calling for his mates making that exact same gulping sound from Jurassic Park 3. I actually laughed fairly hard & decided it was a good idea to run for it... Yeahh nahh... I run straight into 2 of their mates, they must've been watching me straight from the drop point lol, you can't fight off 5-6 raptors with a bow & arrow just isn't going to work.Few spawns later I appear to be fairly safe, after meeting up with a guy who I'd been trying to track down we started going up through the hills it started raining fairly heavily annnnd for some reason I just assumed it was drums leading up to some kind of eary song they always play during MMO's & what not, but uh they started getting louder & I didn't want to turn around (scary games etc during childhood have scarred me for life) so I ran while this guy hid inside a tree, & when that sound gets right up in your headset when you aren't looking it scares the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.My first run at a game like this and it was some decent starter experience, makes it seem like this beta may actually be one of the greats to come fully released this year or early next whenever they decide too. Highly recommend for anyone looking to kill time & die a bunch of times to Dino's who really want to just slaughter you."
76561198002869412,Recommended,322920,15229902,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DreDogin,I think the game is great. I play this game for every Saturday night for 4 to 7 hours.   I do not think the game  is finished.  It has glitches in it.  To me its still in Beta or not finished.    I do not understand y  the ports still have to be open?     i say its a buy but be ware of the un finished game.
,Recommended,322920,13946439,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lt. Dan,Very fun and enjoyable.
76561198020970761,Recommended,322920,17344469,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,tech-edit,"I bought theHunter:Primal during its' Early Access phase but it sat barely-played for several months. I just happened to try it again last week and wow what a difference! This is easily now one of my favorite games (and I've never bought a hunting game before except for Carnivores many years ago).The updates seem to have fixed the issues I had pre-launch. This game is immersive with the graphics cranked all the way, and there have been quite a few times when I've actually felt dread (like when I shot and killed a Utah Raptor with the .308 and a T-Rex comes over the ridge to investigate and comes within yards of me on my belly cowering behind a tree). You don't want to die and lose the items you've collected (like improved camo-clothing, Marksman .308 with scope, shotgun with slugs, etc.).The island it beautiful and pretty big, the dinosaur AI seems great, there are more types of insects now, there are birds and I'd swear I've even seen a rat scurring around on two seperate occasions.I saw someone mention there were no graphic options, and there is, you just have to go through Options on the startup screen rather than through the in-game Options available when you hit the Esc key while playing. Someone also said there is no guide but it's there too...I absolutely do recommend this game and I don't think we've seen the last from the developers.Brian"
76561198266099703,Recommended,322920,22440998,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ummmm,Very fun but anyoing no raptors then boom u r dead WHAT THE **** very fun!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198274897439,Not Recommended,322920,24518866,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Darcyfan,"I thought this would be a really good game looked great, but after playing on my own for get used to it and then joining a server to play and not feeling very welcome I have decided to stick with the Isle where the people you play with are friendly,Might have been better if every time you died you did not lose all you found,"
,Recommended,322920,20457083,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,PuNisHeR,"There's an incomparable rush that comes from shooting dinosaurs. You know you're the first person to lay hands on a critter that lived 80 or 90 million years ago. Agreed, the game has its flaws and doesn't get updated enough, but it's not dead I tell ya... Overall a good hunting game in a beautiful surrounding. Learning curve is quite challenging, but hey! ""I made it work mom!"" 9/10"
,Not Recommended,322920,14647596,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,awklittlefoot,at one point this game was well worth the investment but now i truely regret having ever given them a good review rather than relaeasing a full game alpha was just a way to take money and release a disturbingly low quality product screw you screw your devs and screw your company
76561198173099190,Not Recommended,322920,24758331,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Metal Blart Solid,"It's slow and nothing what I thought it was going to be. This game has a great idea and it has a great theme.Pros: Dinos and alien world.Cons: It runs slow. It's a waste of time,. It's the most borning game, I've ever played.2/10 ""Wouldn't  play this game again, even if it was the last game left."""
,Recommended,322920,24976997,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,nasTee,"This game is pretty fun. It needs more to be added though. Theres definitly lot of space for improvement, but the devs aren't focusing on this as much as their other games so sadly I doubt it will ever reach its full potential."
76561198032654499,Not Recommended,322920,35254206,Posted: 27 September,all,ERod,"Giant, buggy, ugly turd. It probably came out of a dinosaur."
76561198109045701,Recommended,322920,13793551,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ryan_Brady0110,"I LOVE this game!First, I like how you always have to watch your back.  When i first started playing the game i would be like ""What is that noise? I just ran for like 45 minutes to escape a raptor!"" The dino's never take a break. XDSecend, I am sooo glad about the non PVP servers. First, you can team with other people. Secend, if another player dies you can take their stuff. :PIt may take a little while to get used to the controls but once you get the hang of things you're hunting down T-Rex!This is NOT a scam like theHunter!!"
,Not Recommended,322920,35195225,Posted: 24 September,all,SirSpid,If only the developers would come back D:Game Review:https://mruiz185.wixsite.com/betrureviews/single-post/hunterprimal
76561197977727343,Recommended,322920,16855673,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Tackleberry,"Starts out fairly hard, it's easy to die and it takes awhile to find the weapons you need to take down the big stuff.  It's a fun game if you can get past those parts. It's easier if you join a group and hunt together since you can cover each other. Shot placement is extremely important; try to hit them in the heart.  Well worth the 7.49 I paid for it on the Steam Summer Sale.  Now that I've got good weapons, it's hard to quit playing. I've had the game crash a few times but haven't lost my gear because of it.  If you die (and the server is still running) you can go back to where your body lies and gather up all your gear.  If you like a challenging hunting sim with dinosaurs where the hunter can become the hunted, then you will like this game."
76561198032203796,Not Recommended,322920,16553411,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CaoCaoTipper,"Buy it on offer, if at all. Devs have stated theyre taking their other Hunter game as priority, and there will be very few updates to this game anymore, if any at all.Not enough content for the original price, but still fun."
76561198039394165,Recommended,322920,19971001,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Thraviel,"It is fun, and i love this types of games! It makes me feel like i'm in the game. But, it needs more dinos. Like dinos is the water and you can swim under the seas and get that feeling that u are a part of primal eden!"
,Not Recommended,322920,16890321,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,囍✪Z0r_o🔥,[This a Arabic Review]اي واحد يفكر يشتري اللعاب سيرفافيل ما انصحه في ذي اللعبه العبه هاذي تطفش لعبة فيها تقريبا ساعه و ما لقيت فيها لا ديناصورات ولا شي ولا حتى مغامرات بس تمشي والمطورين سحبو على اللعبه ما يسون ولا تحديث لها
76561198006880102,Recommended,322920,13507158,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ScarY,"Dino's definitely need to be able to aggro eachother not just team up on the player. Also, some guns in certian situations seem unreliable. Yesterday i fired off 5 buckshot point blank into a raptors face. Instead of dying it ate me with the face it shouldn't of had anymore. Ofc also, a team mechanic or system would be enjoyable.. a way to party and mark eachothers way points etc. I also hope to see a building system introduced to the game and more ""survival"" aspects for the survival theme of the game. I realize this is a hunter game ,but these things would be enjoyable to say the least. Such as food.. water.. shelter.. traps.. etc. This game has many strong points tho and i enjoy it a lot.. I'm also excited to see how it plays out."
76561198142351158,Recommended,322920,13445498,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DVamp,"Hi people.My first look about this game:I start the game and the first look is great, a very good world with many variants, very nice sound and a sensation of fear. I start to explore and i have my first dinossaur, a female raptor calling. Is great, but i only have a bow with 5 arrows. Ok, i need a rifle or something better to kill this lady, then i move 200m and i see a T-Rex, he make a creapy call and i try to get back slowly, but i have the lady in my back. Ok, i die... I get in again and in a few minutes i get my firt kill, a triceratops.This is a early version of the game, and we know is a lot of work comming, but now is alredy a good game.Problems:This game is great, but have a few problems.- The volume of the T-Rex call is very low.- When a dinossaur (triceratops) go for a hole in the midle of the clifs, he stuck in there and you shoot at 3m, he dont run and dont see you.- So many dinossaurs in the map (i realise is because we have only 3 species yet) is very dificult to move without step in a carnivor.- Not the call, but the noise of a triceratops (presence noise), looks like a carnivor in my opinion. The call is perfect.- To many crashes on the servers.I'm a big fan of TheHunter and now of TheHunter: Primal and for Expansive Worlds and all the people envolved in this game, thanks for this great game, nice work.(Excuse my english)"
76561197997724142,Not Recommended,322920,17300767,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Fred,"The developers quit  this game after a meager 5 dinosaurs and a few weapons were released. This game is dead and all the illusions of having a realistic dinosaur hunting sim go with it. Now, they could have at least released a statement saying ""hey guys we quit, bye"", instead they managed to put down this weasel masterpiece.""We all love Primal here and we hope that in the future we’ll be able to bring in more updates to the game and maybe even new content, but right now the primary focus of the team is on the flagship product of our studio – theHunter. This doesn’t mean we’ve abandoned or given up on Primal, but please expect less frequent patches and communication in the near future. You can be assured that we’re reading and keeping track of all feedback, and we’re also planning to release the occasional game update from time to time. Please stay tuned!""Don't give these shams your money, the game is dead."
76561197974171618,Not Recommended,322920,15159924,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,tyrrell82,"Currently 'still' on the fense as to recommend this game or not. In its current state. No. Move on.Though there is some serious potential here to be a 'must buy' title. The fan-base has made serious recommendation to the developer and left the requested new content and improvement ball, in the developers court. My advice, wait until you see the dev's supporting new content and improvements. If not, then pass on this potentially great, yet not quite awesome  title."
76561198177738513,Recommended,322920,16074023,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ummbert,If you like dinosaurs and hunting/adventure games. Then this is for you.
,Recommended,322920,15237047,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ψ Spooky Trident,You can play as an expert dinosaur hunter that doesn't know how to swim.
,Recommended,322920,14250675,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,FryingBullet,"I echo the sentiments of many of the reviews here - if you want a frag fest, go play Quake or something. This game involves stealth, environmental tactics and precision marksmanship. It's as much about when not to take the shot as when to take the shot. And in case you are wondering if the limited number of dinosaurs (currently) is a bit thin - check out the hours I have clocked up and I'm still figuring out how best to take down Tri's. Movement in this game is great - balancing the advantages of repositioning against the risk of discovery. And the scenery is breath taking - it's not the resolution of the textures that makes it, it's the sheer beauty of the way the island is laid out. Awesome work developer dudes."
76561198039086516,Recommended,322920,13979720,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,hallowed_fountain,Even in early access this game feels polished.The dinos act how you would expect them to. They are challenging and feel natural. The environment is huge! so there is plenty of time to expore and get a feel for the place. You might not encounter a dino right away but the suspense really keeps you on your toes. Especially when youre in a dense forest and they are camoflaged so well (another reason I love the realism of this game).A few times I thought I had avoided a raptor then came face to face with one or more only to realize they were hunting me. When you hear them and cant see them you really get a sense of F**K I'm going to die.For rougly half an hour I had to camp in some ferns and wait for a female raptor to move away. I had to listen for a call to know where she was so I could scurry to more cover. In reality if dinos were real I feel this game nails it. I dont care that I had to wait half an hour to escape the raptor because it felt like she hunting me. Later I lured her to my hiding spot and murdered her in cold blood (she got a couple bites in the process). The thrill of killing a raptor is awesome and the kicker of getting to take a trophy shot is just the icing on the cake.There are definately some things I would like to see in the finished versions like more herbivors and carnivores of carivous sizes etc even pterosaurs would be aweome! Aside from what I want if the developers continue to provide polished content there is no reason not to get this game especially if you love dinosaurs.There is so much potential for this game. I can only hope they flesh it out with a greater variety of wildlife to make the island really feel alive (it already does but what I mean is more so).I am happy I did. I hope that with more people buying this they can push out more content faster.This game litterally drops you in the middle of no where with a bow and arrow a GPS tracker and thats it. For a game to do that it has to be good and this one is. I can't praise it enough.If you buy it don't expect a finished product but do buy it to help this game reach full release. Its awesome.
76561198030751248,Recommended,322920,14447336,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,pacati,"Hard to fairly review an early access game.  As it stands, the game needs more.  And not more dinosaurs, it needs more layers of strategy, more training up of the hunter you play, etc.  If it doesn't gain more depth, I'd give it a bad review because the replay value isn't there like the standard ""theHunter"" game.But I'm not sure why some people are calling for more dinosaurs.  It's a hunting game, not a shoot-the-fish-in-the-barrel game.  And when one of the dinosaurs starts hunting YOU, you'll be more than a little grateful for the low population count.The concept of a hunting game where sometimes the prey hunts you in a semi-realistic setting (doesn't the most recent research indicate that dinosaurs had feathers?) is a wonderful concept.  This game oozes potential through every pore, and nothing about the game's development indicates to me the development is headed in the wrong direction.  That's reason enough for a positive rating for me."
,Not Recommended,322920,20861977,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mumbles CS.MONEY,"I have played the orginal Hunter for many years now on and off since it was very new and in beta phase, and it always brings me back. Sadly, the same can not be said for The Hunter Primal. The graphics are great and alot of the animals look real enough (I dont know fully as I have never seen a T Rex in the flesh) but its let down by a very clunky old style engine, It is what The Hunter was using in the original beta from the feeling. The Animals charge you, then sort of mill around doing nothing for 2-3 seconds before running off and charging again.My other couple of gripes with this that annoy the hell out of me, is the weapons and gear factor, unlike The Hunter you dont have an account with all your gear saved to it. Its what you had on you when you last logged out, This is fine, apart from when it bugs out and you lose what you have, Or worse yet, due to personal hosting, If you die and are running back to your corpse to get your gear, and they decide to log out. Bye bye gear. Meaning you start from scratch again and have a near impossible task of trying to open some containers with ammo and weapons in. Its crazy you have to be level 10 to even buy your first gun.The Quetzalcoatlus are far too OP, they are a nightmare to try and kill and bug out constantly, with a werid flying animation. The Dino noises can be heard from so far away that they sound like they are on top of you when actually they are 500 metres away.My honest advice is to save the money you would pay for this, go to The Hunter, pay for a 3 month bundle and play that, its so much more fun, its not hunting dinosaurs, but a bear can make you just as dead as any T Rex."
76561198077145758,Recommended,322920,13498394,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,allu12fin,Amazing game! Better than first theHunter because u can hunt free with every gun and all dinosaurs! Some bugs like game crash sometimes on fullscreen. Some dinosaurs get stuck on ground and trees. But this game need more dinosaurs. But amazing game!
76561198139604299,Recommended,322920,19327784,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,❤ Ex-CON ❤,It's a good game with future prospective(only if the developer improve the game). Game is still fun especially on hunting rexies
,Recommended,322920,20179720,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CCore,"This game is great and all, and looks stunning, but there really isn't much content. Updates come out very rarely and there are only 5 dinosaurs in the game. This game  has a lot of potential to be even better if the devs start really getting to work on it. And not to mention, the game's optimisation is amazing. Overall, it's a great game to play, it would be even better if it had more content."
76561198100622124,Recommended,322920,20021228,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ranko_73,"Intro-                                                                                                                                                                                             theHunter Primal is a hunting survival style sim for steam. You can hunt alone or with friends on a large prehistoric island map. You search for weapons and clothing with hungry T-Rex's and other dinosaurs stalking the large area.Will you be the hunter or the prey..Pros-                                                                                                                                                                                      Graphically it seems to be nice lookingYou hunt mostly dangerous dinosaurs with a range of weaponsNice large continent map to travelSounds design is nice and atmosphericThe difficulty is just right to have you feeling helpless when chasedCons-                                                                                                                                                                                             There is a somewhat limited amount of clothes or gear to pick fromNo vehicles on map so you will need to do alot of walking or runningSome dinosaurs especially the T-Rex can take way too much damage                                                                                      Perhaps more dinosaur variety is needed for this gameThere is only the one map no matter if its size is large                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 .......................................................................................................................................................................................My Final Thoughts-                                                                                                                                                                        While this game can give the player a good feeling of a realistic hunting experience,being replaced with dinosaurs.This is a game needing perhaps patience and or friends as a group to keep it interesting and fun.This game seems to be quite well developed having a somewhat active player base and dedicated servers at the moment.So overall a good game for the more patient and hardcore hunter among you.Hope this helps,thanks."
76561198188102791,Recommended,322920,23053997,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,DatBoiPepe,"I would hunt this game in a store,it's primal I got chased by a t-Rex for 15 minutes then got killed by pack of utahraptors"
76561198073017938,Recommended,322920,19635326,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Jakikok,This game for me it could be among ARK or primal carnage IF it had more dinos and probably some other intersting stuff like vechicles or eaven base building! its a good game with much poential....just needs more dinos and less walking XD
76561198054776968,Recommended,322920,20760638,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,V O R L O N,"Honestly, after you get over the fact you die and you lose your stuff (Can grab it back because where you died has an Icon on the map) Its fun.Multiplayer is loads of fun and people are pretty helpful and generally save you like me quiet a few times when the T rex was pinning me down.I also heard there will be some DLC for it soon too, I died like 10000342 times but still enjoy it, go to the bigger castle looking like complexes to get guns. Most part the crates you see chilling throughout the map have ammo (Bullets, arrows) rarely guns, they have bows though.Stealth is your friend, don't run around or they will find you. Take your time getting to areas of interest, could be very rewarding.Yes the controls are terrible, yes they could have more dinosaurs (Probably will soon) But it is worth a try, I was not going to get the game because people complain in the reviews like hardcore.Its fun.YESTERDAY YOU SAID TODAY, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!?! JUST DO IT. -flexes-Vorlon"
76561197965854236,Recommended,322920,20987308,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ShadowEno,"Fantastic Game, The best hunting game I`ve ever played."
76561198157405539,Recommended,322920,20329023,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jagerfly,Add some sort of transportation thingi becuse it takes many hours to walk maybe add a boat so you cant drive around the iland and if u add a boat a a sea monster please
76561198070252061,Recommended,322920,20498237,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Penguiny,"If you like hunting, buy this. If you like Dinosaurs, Buy this!!! If you like surviving, buy this!!! Basiclly buy this if you at least like one of the generes!!!This is much more better than the ""Money Grabber Game"" - TheHunter, for you'll have to pay like every 1-12 months on depending on what DLC you get. Plus the DLCs cost a lot and when I mean a lot I mean A WHOLE BUNCH OF MONEY!!!So that is why I like TheHunter: Primal better than the Money Grabber Game.P.    S.You get in-game money and you don't have to pay for stuff in this game. You just pay for the game and play, hunt, and survive. You can go find stuff such as weapons, prey, and camo clothes. To find the Spec.Ops is at the volcano, but is very rare; but not as rare as the most powerful gun right now..... 700.Double Rifle."
76561198008148252,Not Recommended,322920,16899537,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,flyby94,"go buy ark instead. already 50x better thn this game, and thats coming from someone with 200 hundred hours on this."
76561198061992285,Not Recommended,322920,16821362,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SkuDG,"Played the pre release. Even as it stands, lots of guns, not a variety of dinosaurs to shoot at. Stay away from this unless you  like a disappointing game."
76561198013645103,Recommended,322920,15622882,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Loda,Please add some kind of vehicule....map too big and walk is to slow. Cool game.
76561198077063377,Not Recommended,322920,15150159,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ssb1324,Quetzalcoatalus everywhere??? WTFWTFWTFWTFWTF I CAN DO NOTHING!!!!!!!!!
76561198059202109,Not Recommended,322920,16958020,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Foster,"This game was an early access title.  They worked on it a very short time.  When they added 5 dinosaurs, they called the game ""finished"" and released it.  It was just a quick cash grab for the company.  This is not a complete game, and there's no way you could get adequate enjoyment by hunting the same 5 creatures over and over and over again on the same island that never changes.TL;DR:  I played less than 6 hours and successfully hunted every available dinosaur, even the T-Rex; on the only map available.  What incentive to play is there, after that?  There isn't one."
,Recommended,322920,31526286,Posted: 3 May,all,Firebladexsx,"Great game enjoyed the hour or so i spent looking for boxes only to be eaten by some raptors , all the game needs is more dinos and more starting options for weapons etc but overall i had fun"
76561198018964625,Recommended,322920,13576062,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Solenia,"I say a positive recommendation because this game has great potential.Beginning with nothing but a self made bow and 5 arrows, you must trek across a massive island hunting and being hunted by two types of prehistoric dinosaurs, utahraptors and the mighty t-rex. These are not the only dinosaurs, there is also the ever illusive triceratops. This is my only real criticism, with such a huge amount of background available, there are only three trackable, huntable, lethal dinosaurs to be found in this massive island. That being said, the game is tense, rewards exploration and if you're into big game hunting,the game doesn't get much bigger.Less so however is the inclusion of modern paleantology, the dinosaurs in this game don't have feathers for instance. But I doubt if this really matters much, the game gives the classic hunting dinos of Jurassic Park feel. Lots of fun."
76561198138244765,Recommended,322920,17010950,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,J&G,It is a very nice game with nice graphics and gameplay except some little bugs.I believe the game will be totally optimized when updates are released soon.have fun!:)
76561198106257594,Recommended,322920,16092860,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,WhenSheGiveHeadAtMovieTheater,This game is quite fun ....if you have friends !
,Recommended,322920,14440407,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Endless_Equinox,This game is a joy to have. Hunt dinos and be hunted at the same time. Kill or be killed. Scavenge and Betray. Take selfies of killed dinos. It's a blast. Well worth the $$$$
,Not Recommended,322920,28656866,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Silencer,"had promise in 2015, untill devs said ♥♥♥♥ y'all..."
,Recommended,322920,14092175,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,RedRaptor,"I felt the same sense of immersion and enjoyment as a kid playing Carnivores 2 on the family win98!Getting hunted down by a pack of raptors, hearing them chirp back and forth to one another,knowing they are hunting you. The feeling of accomplishment when you take 5 minutes to crawland inch closer to a raptor, just to get a perfect shot with your new .308 rifle. Playing with friends,coordinating a crossfire on a triceritops, unleashing a hail of bullets. Taking a group pic and laughingabout how awesome it was. Then running when you realize we used up most of our ammo and that aT-rex can heard our little cannonade.Seriously though, this game is amazing.The game has its core features down, and it's alot of fun. Me and a few friends own the game now,and its always a blast to play together. I'll admit, it has issues like crashing and missing features,but the devs are releasing a patch at a pace of about once per week, and are listening to community feedback.Since I started playing the game the devs have already fixed my biggest gripes about the game,which is new to me on a game thats still in early access.Thank you Expansive Worlds! Thanks for all the enjoyment The Hunter and Primal have brought,and for your listening to the community, as well as continued updates!"
,Recommended,322920,17590782,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Spoopy Sergalicous™,let me start out by saying this game is more horrer that survival it is based more on sound more than sight you can catch any dinos in an area by listening to certain sounds and every dino has a different sound the A.I is the best ive seen for this type of game for example the trex's sight is based on movment so you can be standing still in the middle of a field with one and it wouldnt see you unless you moved you can also hide behind certain objects and the better camo armor you have the harder it is for the dino's to see you i would have to say the most terrifying is the velocirator because it can jump you out of the blue and eat your face litterally you'l see what i mean in game
,Recommended,322920,20499620,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Smoothie,"A  vrery, very, very enjoyable and intense dinosaur fps, great graphics with low requirements. The game starts out slow but once you get some weapons and ammo. When it comes to multiplayer, you are most likely better of using a hardwire connection because once you get over about 4 people on one server then you get some lag. When fighting the T-rex primal you are going to want to have a group of about 6 people and a base with three story tall towers to kill the thing, overall a great game.10/10 Would machete a T-rex again."
,Recommended,322920,26338558,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Adikavita2912[FC],"The game is amazing. Graphics: 10/10, system: 8/10, gameplay 10/10 they should add more dinosa everyone wont be entertained by only 5. But anyway I give this game a thubs up. few more tweaks and fixes this game will make it on anyones best games list :D"
76561198043206135,Recommended,322920,26475451,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[MNI]King_Jakkatoppa,nice game still has some bugs in it but its a stable game iff you do it for 2 hours in a week its still a nice and good looking game and some times hardmost what i like about the game is the uthas the uthas are my fav when it comes helping find the pennies i neet to get a euro  but aside that its a good game  for those who liek to spend some hours runnign and hidding whit no wapons and pray to the gods when you find a wapon whit ammo
,Recommended,322920,15577962,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,stridar,Best hunting sim i have played in a long while.... they are still working on the Ai which is some of the best i have seen.  worth a try ...or at least follow to see what it develops into... tons of potential ... i like it as is but it can only get better.
76561198098028348,Not Recommended,322920,18098359,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Bot Quick,new spawn start with nothing level 18 still really next to nothing took me so long to get my things and i die oh and wait the stupid respawns keep spawning me in loads of raptors lost all my gear and now i cant even move cause all that happens is i gety ambushed and butchered so annoying game that you cant kill much when you first start ouyt with out using all your ammo just to kill one dino
76561197981760246,Not Recommended,322920,16931549,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,BuckHunter,ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255! ERROR CODE 255!GET THE HINT?
,Recommended,322920,15666896,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,jurassicmark65,"Great game. One of the best and most realistic dinosaur hunting sim ever. Great graphic, advanced and realistic A.I., dynamic weather and day-night cycle. Spectacular environment and an iteresting backstory that you can discover in details finding abandoned documents. Dinosaurs are scientifically and anatomically accurate. Even if there are only 5 species (yet), they are really balanced (Triceratops: herbivore population, very common. Tyrannosaurus: apex predator. Utharaptor: medium sized pack hunter. Velociraptor: small but dangerous, really funny to fight a pach of them. Quetzacoatlus: flying scavenger and small animal hunter). A must-have for anyone."
76561198061304872,Not Recommended,322920,16540386,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ots7750,"from what i read the devs feel pretty good about themselves, i should be ecstactic with my new game, as it is basically my fault i chose to believe and particip[ate in the early access leaving the decision of when and what would be considered a satisfactory product for the $ in their hands,this game is an example of precisely why ""early access "" needs to be abandoned or at the very least policed by the dev's own peers if they expect to have monetary consumer participation,as it stands the consumer has no recourse, i believe the vendor outlet, devs and consumer should all be responsible, as it stands the consumer is the only one  holding the bag at the end ( an empty one where he used to have his money )"
,Not Recommended,322920,26304129,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Killercod,"This is a suckfest...really!  Spawn with a machete and a map frag, run around aimlessly, get killed, respawn, repeat.  Yes, I manged to whack a couple of small dino's but nothing larger will fall to the machete.  Takes forever to get to anywhere that there ""might"" be decent weapons.  Nothing else to do...the hunting part isn't really even hunting..you luck up on tracks and follow the red marks.  No wonder this is a $3,50 game...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5AQyzrd9zI"
76561197989557172,Not Recommended,322920,24042519,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hans Knauf,"this game had some potentialbut it remained a laggy buggy time-robbing ""game""soooooo slow soooooo boringu want to buy a gun or ammo?first have to kill yourself..its terrible waste of time/money"
76561198195515018,Recommended,322920,30059950,Posted: 20 February,all,RexReaper,Hi i think this game was one of the best dino hunting games ive ever player but then yu guys just stopped updating and only updates you do now is just to fix other things all we need is a new dino like a Spino a fricken spino would be awesome or like a carnosaur or even just a stegasaurus or maybe a new weapon just add something new and you will get everyone wanting to play again.
,Not Recommended,322920,34119390,Posted: 9 August,all,Islandshadows88,"The Devs betrayed us all, they abandoned this game and left us to die at the hands of the dinosaurs, avoid at all costs."
76561198007893028,Not Recommended,322920,21532729,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Piaster[NL],"this game is like a early acces alpha, but they say its ready."
,Not Recommended,322920,28751063,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Vangman G.,is bed
76561198126113835,Recommended,322920,15707351,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ZombiGamingMC,"A little glitchy, but nothing terrible, easily fixed. This game is a great game if you enjoy survival with a twist. There aren't that many ""dino"" survival games out there, and this one is probably as good as your going to get. The lotting is awesome, but it's not too much to make someone overpowered against dinos. It's a great game for YouTube, especially with some buddies, and it's playable whenever, even for a quick session. Overall, not the greatest game, but I happen to really enjoy it, and it adds a cool twist to a normal hunting/survival game."
,Recommended,322920,16103680,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,elkfreakYT,"For me, this is the best dino game to date! I love playing it, its a little hard on single player but that also makes it fun, and its a blast in mp. The graphics are great, physics are great, AIs are great, the team that runs it is great/amazing, I really cant say enough good things about the game and devs! This and thehunter, in my opinion, are two of the best games out there, they are both very well developed with a team that is constantly adding updates, new features, and killing bugs. I am trying to think of a few cons to add to this, but i currently don't have any, except I do really miss the original raptor skins, and while the new ones are nice I would still like to see the old ones sometimes! The thing about this game that i know receives criticism is that there is a lot of walking around, and if your not properly equipped, getting killed. It just takes a little bit of planning and if you can find a group of people that's the best, but when you start out you will probably die a lot while you learn the game, and this is totally ok!"
76561198038022542,Recommended,322920,15297717,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,scriptas,when add new dino? more and more...
,Recommended,322920,15807920,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Effigy,"Pretty fun game, but I do have some major problems with it. The pros are that it is hands down the best dinosaur hunting game in existence, and it's still in a fairly early stage. The cons are that there are a slew of AI issues and a huge delay on anything you try to do- reload, run, crouch, move, etc."
,Recommended,322920,13405815,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Brennan152,I'm definitely going to keep following this game and am looking forward to the future updates! I feel like I would have a lot more fun with the game now if there was a faster recharge on the sprint or you could sprint longer because the island is HUGE! Walking takes too long to get everywhere...maybe vehicles in the future?
76561198070405078,Recommended,322920,16277498,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Darth Rhinox,"I absolutely love playing this game, but we need a few things. like more dinos and loot, and more weapon types, but mainly MORE DINOSAURS!I cannot 100% recommend this game right now due to the price and lack of content but id give it a 7/10 for now. More content definately needed before i can rate any higher"
,Not Recommended,322920,15152929,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,HighFlyer15,"I was waiting for a new update to the game, which would make it feel more like a full game, but instead I got a full release on what felt like an Early Access alpha/pre-beta game.I'm very confused, but I guess this is my punishment for yet again trusting Early Access on Steam :( Bummer.Don't buy this if you think you'll go on a hunt for dinos, because that S at the end of dinos might as well not be there, with the low amount of creatures to be found in this FULL release game."
,Recommended,322920,14967460,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SwoleChief,"First time hunting I sprint for some random box, I see a pack of utahraptors.  So I run away into the powerful t.rex that had been standing behind me the whole time.  I run from it for about a couple minutes before getting killed and going through my first life.  This game is just too fun."
,Not Recommended,322920,30492472,Posted: 13 March,all,azoth,"I really do not like to leave negative reviews on a game since I am a positive person overall, but this time it is different.First of all, I have played theHunter when it was a pay to win broser based game. Even though I did not buy anything I had a good time looking for animals, discovering maps (they are huge), and hunt the ones I had permission to. I spent around a long 20 hours with the game and was happy when it moved to Steam. However I did not buy it because I felt I would not play it.Then came theHunter: Primal with the genre combination of Survival/Hunting. I felt excited, I like both Survival and Hunting games and this could be the one game that I would love. The dinos made me even more interested and after a few days I decided to buy the game with a friend (I got it gifted since I had no cash FeelsBadMan).Well, let me tell you, this game, this one wannabe-masterpiece, was my biggest disappointment ever.This pile of junk could be the best walking simulator of the year.""B... But why?!"" you might ask.Because this game is:Is not a survival game- You literally have to rack up 60 tons of ammo and weapons before being able to solo-kill a ""Big"" dino, and you also have to track it down (While doing that the chance you die is up to 90%). You have no hunger levels, no thirst levels, only some stamina and your finite inventory slots with the most boring gameplay ever.Is more boring than the Rock Simulator 2015 could've been- You literally have no clue of what your purpose is, no point to play. You only, stack ammo, track, shoot, die, stack, track... and so on.The game ran well on my computer not counting the times when it randomly crashed. I meet the requirements to play the game but it did not go well. Not sure if they fixed it now though.PROS:- Can be fun with friends for some time (around 2 hrs)- ???CONS:- Bad graphics- Boring gameplay- Crashes randomly- Tons of bugs not being fixed- Small repertoir of dinosaurs- everything else.My rating would be a hardcore 2/10- The only good thing in the game was the roleplay we did with some friends. After killing two dinosaurs we got bored though. Not recommended to anyone, I would like my wasted time back. Buy the original game instead, at least that is kind of worth the money."
,Recommended,322920,24830213,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Mar,"Great game, gave me some spooks. Only complain is the lack of dinosaurs. I wish they would add more species. 3,5/5"
,Not Recommended,322920,18000142,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Superman,"While this game was really fun at the start, it got boring because how little the developers updated the game from the release, which was about 5 months ago. This game has gotten repetitive over time, and is not fun to play anymore. I'd rather have my money back instead of wait for another 12mb update.(EDIT) The game has basically been abandoned by the developers. There's a small bit of content released every... 2-3 months? Pretty sure that's accurate. Anyways, the last major update added a ""queen tyrannosaur"" into the game. So, it's an okay game that you can always come back to. Worth around $10 instead of its current price.(ANOTHER EDIT) Bleh... Don't even care about the game anymore. Hasn't had a single good update in about a year. Don't waste money or time, you'll get bored fast."
76561198094505254,Not Recommended,322920,17975147,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,alltemp,"The Hunter Primal had good potential, and I kind of enjoyed. But then the devs got board and quit after two months of early acsess and full realesed it so it is a buggy piece of junk. Do not buy this plz."
,Not Recommended,322920,22227572,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,IndianaJones89,"TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!    ""most realistic""  its hard to find guns and when you do they dont kill anything!! two shots to the face point blank to a raptor then some machete hits then a 3rd shot to the back and it doesnt die. and you get very little ammo..... cant outrun the t-rex and obviously you cant kill it. And they know you're there before you do, so if you get near one you die and thats how it is. a complete waste money, seriously dont waste 20 dollars this. Movement speed is so slow on a huge map with few supply drops and the same dinos over and over again. And theres litteraly nothing to do other than to be there and walk around realizing that your machete is better than shooting dinos in the face which makes exploring and finding weapons pointless and useless which made me wonder what there was to do and why even play.... The advertising is a lie.  Bad game, bad bad bad bad"
,Recommended,322920,15659991,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Christianfire18,i think this game is awesome for peaple who like hunting and dinosaurs. the grafics are beatiful and the AI is great.
,Not Recommended,322920,19486617,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,peanutthegreat,The game has a lot of potential but seems to have been abandoned in a very unfinished state which is disappointing. I would not recommend buying unless it was on sale for under $7.
,Recommended,322920,19872993,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,shauT,"Fun game, I enjoy playing this game.Scary game if you play alone.Its awesome game if you are looking fof shooting and hunting game!Enjoy it."
,Recommended,322920,15247370,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ZelGraz-Weht (Mayhem Inc),insane.
76561198009285767,Recommended,322920,15861709,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,gwleester,Sorry if this isn't a good clear review. This is my first one. The game is good. It is spent mostly traveling from base to base collecting gear. Once you get some decent weapons you can start hunting. The hit mechanics are alright. The weapons work well. The setting is wonderful. It is a tough game. be prepared to die often. Oh and one last thing you cant swim despite the fact the map is filled with it and doesn't let you go past knee deep water. You also cant jump.
,Not Recommended,322920,15149324,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,dodichalus the pickleless,it's like the director of jurassic park had downs syndrome and said let's make a game
76561198048484955,Recommended,322920,15734297,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Harden18,Like Skyrim with Dinos 10/10 -IGN
,Recommended,322920,13382183,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[RIP]Droznig,"This game is just like the hunter except with dinosaurs and with that the added danger of being hunted while you hunt. This is a good thing in my opinion as it adds another layer to ""the hunter"".For those of you who are thinking of buying this, play ""The Hunter"" first, it's free to play and it's a hunting simulator, so if you are not prepared to spend literally hours walking and tracking creatures sometimes without spotting anything for quite some time, this game is not for you.Try the hunter for free before dropping money on this game because they are essentially the same game. Just one has dinosaurs and no microtransactions, which is awesome."
76561198068345681,Not Recommended,322920,19125999,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Danofwar,Its a dead game.
76561198118578802,Recommended,322920,14769903,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Pumacat1,The hunter becomes the hunted in this fun but very stressful game.P.S dont shoot a T-rex with a bow or jump off a cliff (it kills you)
76561197970017731,Not Recommended,322920,18117318,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,2legs,could have been good. got less than half cooked. rather buy a game that is being supported/developed to its full potential. this was abandoned after taking the money.
76561198150554400,Not Recommended,322920,16127815,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Reaper,game is pretty boring buy ark survival evolved its way beter
,Not Recommended,322920,16158985,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,K--,I got scammed :^)
,Not Recommended,322920,18448299,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,SirSoda,"It was going to be a good game, then the Devs stopped providing."
,Not Recommended,322920,13403330,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Baptross,"The game is in an really early state.Good points:Huge and beautiful map but clearly emptyDinosaur modelisationGPS system useful and intelligentGood sound designBad points:No Stereo makes you walking around to search chest/dinosaurDinosaur animations jerkyDinosaur AI hilariousA lot of ergonomic simple things becoming complicatedRate of loot/dinosaur totally randomArtefacts/No running bugs depend of your computer20$ early access is expensiveOnly 3 dinosaursNot enough interest (No craft, no build, no point, no special area...)You have to know what you buy.I will change my recommendation. It depends of updates.Here's a little clip I have made:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=357279904"
,Recommended,322920,15071275,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,King Dad,This Game is AMAZING!! It has definitely had its UPs and Downs. but no doubt fun and heartpounding.  I Have over 500 hours total on all my accounts on this game and i plan to play more. 9/10
76561198027860980,Not Recommended,322920,15165361,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Ricky Chase,"The hunter primal as a overall game is far from enough content for the requested price. Though the gameplay is smooth there is a steep learning curve as is always presents with any game that is based on survival. The weapons are lack luster in both looks and design, The dinosaurs are limited to date there is only 4 species, 2 of which are just a slight retexture and size change. The gameplay can be fun with the right people, but overall once you've learned the game you will find yourself bored of the same tidious hunting. This game was worth the early access price and has delivered 40+ hours from beginning and then learning the game.End Verdict : 5/10 requires more content to be worth your moneys, though if you look at those of a similiar genre Beasts of prey is far more content .... so id recommend if you really want a dino game go for that."
76561198149690435,Recommended,322920,18381251,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,coltcoyote,"After playing this game for  quite some time, its time for me to update my review of it.The graphics and evniroment in the game are very very nice, in fact so much so that I have logged in at times just to get screenshots to use as desktop wallpapers. If you have a machine capable of reliably running this at the hightest settings, do so, its amazing!The gameplay is a mixed bag, there are issues like very low stamina and  lack of being able to swim for even a few feet or climb anything that put a lot of undue hardships on the player and kills what is otherwise a really nice immersion factor.The search for better gear is a bit tedious too and could have been handled a bit better.The actual hunting part of the game is quite enjoyable and is a nice mix of  fun and fear. The multiplayer modes are what you'd expect, PvP and PvE are both playable altho the hosting setup can be a bit buggy at times.The dinosaurs models are all very nice, altho the developers seem to have a feather fetish, and put them on damn near everything.The Dinosaur AI is.....well, OK at best and notably arfy at worst. At their best, the dinosaurs act like you would expect them to, nd its sometimes fun watching them from afar. I've seen a T-Rex seemingly following a heard of Trikes, and watched Utah raptors interacting with each other in a manner that seemed realistc. I would LOVE to see some actual dinosaur on dinosaur predation though, that would add immensly to the gameplay.On the other paw though, the dinosaurs seem to have senses and abilities that defy physics at times, able to climb terrain that they should not be able too, and detect things that they simply should not be able too see/smell/hear at times and be totaly blind to things they should be able to see/smell/hear at others. An animal the size of the quetzalcoatlus (as modeled ingame) should not be able to fly with a man sized object in its claws.They also have supernatural stamina, unlike the player, and can and will run clean across the damn island when wounded. Any animal that bleeds out to a noted point of say below 20% health should not be able to run for any notable distance....EVER!On the whole its still a fun game to play but the asking price is way too high. this is at best, a $20.00 us dollar game. Get it on sale, or part of a bundle and then its worth it.I would reccomend it conditionally, get it on sale, just don't pay full price for it."
,Recommended,322920,15705964,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ShamusToole,"Okay first thing I'm going to say, do not buy this game if your after a true hunting experience! It's far from that at the moment.I'd say this was more survive and try to hunt...mostly find a dino, shoot a dino, run from dino and then shoot it again.However for some reason I really enjoy this game, don't get me wrong it doesn't look the best in the world and it really doesn't play the best in the world, but if your wanting to play something that's relaxed and fun this is it. If you've got friends to play with you in game then you'll have even more fun!Go on...kill that REX!"
,Not Recommended,322920,15645625,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Generalwilcox93,this game has a great idea but executed it very poorly. They make it very hard to even find a gun to hunt the dinosaurs.
76561198043972080,Not Recommended,322920,16579407,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,JS,"1. Bought game2. Installed game3. Game won´t start. (Blackscreen)  ... (my pc is brand new)Don´t buy this game, since there is no solution in the internet for this. !"
76561197972259464,Recommended,322920,17091325,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Scooby4ever,"{ A big pre-review what to expect in the game }First time i bought this game i quited in RAGE just because i didnt understand it. But after giving it 5th try i saw LOVE in my eyes.This game is so hard but so rewardingwhen you do your first kill of a Raptor, Rex or any other dinos in the world. Sneaking following trails with your ipod-map (not sure what to call it really lol but its your best friend) is so scary sometimes when you can hear a REX or Raptor closing in.This game is all about survival in a land where dinos rule land and air. So being a hunter you are also the hunted. This game is by no reason EASY it shuldnt its all about survival in the unfriendly island as a hunter.You start by landing by a pod randomly each time on the island. You start only with a machette and a uncovered map. So the first goal is to search for hidden chests in old bases or randomly placed over island. Do note that you will not allways find a weapon or ammo. Somtiems its just a map fragment or cammo clothes.If you are lucky you will find pistols,  rifles, bows, small bit of ammo and even health if you are lucky. The most important many seems to forget is that there is cammo clothes. They can make big impact how long you can survive. Crawling with a cammo can manke life changes many times when predators are close by.The only negative i have to say is that I dont understand why you cant jump up on cliffs or any other stuff like on bases roof? I would love if there was some sort of safe areas where you could SAVE your loot and equipments. Now you have to quit game for it to save it. Safe areas could also be used to discuss with all other human hunters in your game. Plan a REX hunt or any other specified animal. This could then be setup by a ADMIN if there was such controlls.End words, you get the most out of this game by playing online with friends. Singleplayer can be SAFE but its way harder. The forum community shines. So dont be affraid to ask anything.GFx: 9-10SFx: 8-10Gameplay: 7-10 (why cant you JUMP?)Scary YES worth it YES. Recommended all the way. Go for it!.. I still sleep with eyes WIDE open after hearing loud footsteps lol  :)"
76561198149971861,Recommended,322920,16686712,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,the patriarchy,"You think the original theHunter game was good? Then you should try this. You like kill stuff... Like dinosaurs... It's cool, trust me. I mean who doesn't like dinosaurs? They're awesome. Okay, but seriusly. I love the game! Good grafics, cool looking dinosaurs and you just gotta love the scenery. It would be cool if they added more dinosaurs and maybe some more weapons, but over all this is a great game and I recommend this. Can sometimes get annoying when everything in the game tries to kill you. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,322920,24016762,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,gametures,Too much work to get a rifle
76561198052286402,Not Recommended,322920,28825056,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,greene_man87,"biggest load of puss balls ever, how the fark can you make a game that all you do is walk around doin fark all till some♥♥♥♥♥♥balls dino eats you"
76561198016431293,Not Recommended,322920,26725294,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,dsquare1,"Absolutely, hands down the single worst game I have ever purchased or tried to play. Glitching gameplay, glitchy graphics, terrible AI, extremely poor game controls and constant crashing. You couldn't pay me to even attempt to play this game which seems as though it was thrown together by a 10 y/o on his android tablet (in his spare time). The worst 15 bucks I have ever spent."
76561198079239527,Not Recommended,322920,29219484,Posted: 13 January,all,CrimsonLegion94,"I recently played the game to see if the newest update had fixed anything. Besides getting rid of the weight system and fixing connection issues, nothing was fixed that needed it. The scopes still glitch out as soon as you zoom all the way in and your arms still glitch through the clothes (example A. Green Merc top). This game as so much going for it, yet the devs refuse to fix the game breaking bugs that still haunt it after months and the length between updates doesn't give much hope that these issues will be solved. Another thing that I recently found out is that the assault rifle sounds bugs out and pretty much haunts other players in the general area that it was fired in. Nothing we tried seemed to rid the other player of the gun shots short of traveling far away."
76561198076422175,Recommended,322920,13509562,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Huntasaurus,Has a lot of potential and the dinosaurs are a little too hard to kill
,Recommended,322920,15385259,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,[死]TyrannoScorpioRex,"very good gameimpressive environment ,great collection of weaponsbuggy,small amount of creatures and mostly carnivoresbut that dosent affect that its my current best game"
,Recommended,322920,15799951,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Overburn,"I really like this game. Part of me doesn't understand why. But, I love the thrill of taking down a dinosaur after tracking it and what not and the game makes me jump and cuss often times. Wish some of my friends would get it so we could do multiplayer. I hope they add more depth to it in the future."
,Not Recommended,322920,13620570,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JibJabJibJab,"well... to start off ive always loved hunting simulater and i know its earlly acess but you cant kill the dinosaurs for some reason and ive seen people play it with no problem but mine is weird the grass is a block and so is everything else thats far away. and the gameplay is to boring a repetitive with the cycle ofspawn,get a bow,try to find a crate,find a dino instead,try to kill that dino,fail misserably (even though you used all your ammo),die horribly.for the oney i paid,not impressed so far was looking forward to it aswell :(but it is early access so i hope u can change it in the near future but unfortunatelly ill have to not recommend it"
,Not Recommended,322920,14912630,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Pepperidge Farms,"Well now that it's not early access, it still kind of sucks. Honestly, if you're looking for a good dinosaur survival game, this is not one you should purchase. It has some ups and downs, like any game will, but this game is just not fun. You run around trying to find better crap, but die trying because all you have to defend yourself is a machete. By the time you're able to purchase the next weapon (a hand gun) you will have probably invested more time into the game than you should of. Unless you really feel that this game would be fun to you, save the money."
,Not Recommended,322920,20009904,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,trnt reznor,all my friends make fun of me for buying a lot of copies of this game but i can't help being sucked in by the dinosaur appeal thanks jurassic park
,Recommended,322920,26538592,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[R3KT]doublebarelslugs™,"I love this game bro! It can be so fun yet so hard to get your gear back after the item resets but they fixed it so now theres no more item reseting but i still didnt get my 50 cal and asault rifle back :/.And the fact that you can play in pvp mode and make your own gamemodes like team deathmatch for example.I have more than 300 hours into this game and i love it! Also im gona be buying thehunter call of the wild in a few days aswell. And if you buy thehunter call of the wild before may 16th you can get a woodland camo 270 bolt action rifle for thehunter classic! I love thehunter and thehunter primal and the graphics are beautiful in thehunter call of the wild! ALSO,im waiting for a new update for thehunter primal adding new weapons.I rate this game 9.5/10"
,Recommended,322920,13396373,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Professional N00b,"Entered the game for the first time and decided to just run around to see a dino before playing seriously.After about five minutes of running around picking up rocks and scanning piles of dino-poo, I finally heard something unusual and turned around to see the male Utahraptor I had been tracking sprinting right at me.  Took me multiple times to figure out how to fire my bow but after four arrows and me crying like a little girl I finally killed the damn thing with a sliver of my own health left....Except I wasn't expecting the female to be right around the corner.  I managed to duck into the roots of an old tree fast enough to avoid being detected right as it ran by.  After accepting that my pants would be forever soiled I decided to play it ballsy and take on another Utahraptor with only a single arrow.Three minutes of getting myself lined up later, I finally took what I thought to be my last shot before dying a violent death... Except the raptor dropped almost instantly.  Shot through the heart and got an insta-kill.I'm not even mad that my butt got torn off by a T-Rex several minutes later while trying to find more ammo.  Worth it.Game needs some serious polishing still but shows a ton of promise for an early access game.  Would recommend."
76561198154019203,Not Recommended,322920,17172479,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,derf varder,I hate this game your soooooo slow and no shelter no food it so boring.
76561198167428368,Recommended,322920,15969054,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Banana Sentret | PCF,"First go at the game, walk around and manage to eventually find a t-rex!wait, theres another t-rex!oh, and a third t-ex...♥♥♥♥♥♥..climb up the side of a hill which they cant quite climb properly and have them stare at me at the bottom (one made it halfway up the hill)Cant move up, will die if I go down.I pooped myself.I cried.10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,322920,13383549,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,SilenceThiS,"Game has potential and i love theHunter original game, however at this point its not a good game its a how long untill you die game.  Graphics look great like the original, sounds are cool and imursive which is what you want.  The gameplay not so much.  You start off with just a bow and 5 arrows in a world that currently only has tricerotops which act like deer when you get close and tyranasaurus and raptors.  Now thats all cool and dandy but the fact your suppose to find better gear in this huge world with only 5 arrows to start and your surronded by these predators makes for very not fun gameplay.No matter where you spawn there willl be either a raptor or trex near by, no joke.  also one major bug ive noticed is when you attack a raptor pack (yes i said pack they are never alone) if they kill you that same group will stalk right to you when you respawn. NO JOKE, try it attack one group die and start walking and you'll noticed there is a group stalking you.  If  you had better gear id accpet that but 5 arrows folks thats it. Also attacking is not easy you can shoot your 5 arrows into a raptor and he still will not go down, which make self deffense very hard to do when hes attacking.  And running away lol come on be realistic.It has Potential but at this point its more frustrating then fun, i'm still giving it a positive review because i have high hopes for it, and i know what they did with the original hunter so *fingers crossed*"
76561198012531238,Not Recommended,322920,29249382,Posted: 14 January,all,Xortas,This game is in permanent beta state. When it was ''released'' in March 2015 they just removed 'early access' thing from the store and honestly NOTHING MEANINGFUL happened with this game since then. So if you like invest your money in early access titles with promising ideas etc. stay away from this one!!! You should invest in it only if you like to support devs who are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on us gamers and who don't give a crap about their unfinished games.
76561198001790442,Recommended,322920,13399068,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sistermatic,"So here I was, watching this 'Rex, heart pumping, sub thumping, knees quaking, screen shaking......as a 'raptor gang snuck up behind me and tore me to freakin' pieces. Coulda' swore I heard 'em snickering.11/10"
76561197972977233,Not Recommended,322920,18519244,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,gonzo,Booooring boring boring booooring......   booooring......
,Recommended,322920,18915052,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,obiWanted,"Worth $5.00 for sure. Its just like in real life. Track, seek out, kill, then go home or in my case uninstall.  Something to do though for that kind of money. Graphics are decent. No exciting loot drops, not really a survival game (nothing to build), other than being killed by a wild dinosaur. There are minor goals with the game, go here and there, play tag with drops the people who put you there. Not really disappointed with this game but you can tell its not a winner. I had more fun with The Stomping Ground. At least you could drag people around and laugh at them. Over all, go play ARK, way more content for the good dollar."
76561197981785137,Recommended,322920,15233461,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Woleg,"This is a strange one, its difficult, frustrating and downrght annoying but can be compelling and thrilling at the same time.  I have however wasted many hours in the persuit of avoiding large dinosaurs intent on eating me.  The worlld is beautiful with a cycling day, rain, storms, fog etc, you can spend hours wandering around the huge island with lush landscapes just admiring the view if it were not for the nasty reptiles hunting you.  And they do hunt and smell and follow and flank.  All very clever stuff.  It is not a finished game and needs more to do, more dinosaurs and a purpose but I love it, it makes me thing, anyone looking for a shooter type experience will not find this enjoyable, its slow paced, guns and ammunition are scarce and even when you do amass weaponry, dying - which you do frequently, will be lost and you have to re track to the point of dying to retrieve, another game in itself.  I can understand why its not universally liked but what it doies it does well, occasional blips and the odd bug but nothing serious and stable as hell on a lan.Highly recommended as is but in anticipation of more dinosaurs to come and NOT chargeable dlc please."
,Not Recommended,322920,15162124,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ipapotihus,"The idea was good, but the delivery not so much.For a hunting game, the handling of the gun is no where near good. Must of the time you can only shoot one bullet by 2-3 seconds.... and I talk about hand gun here.No change in behavior when a dino get shoot. You cannot stop theyre attack.The bird kill you one shot.Most dino have too much Hp. Dont get me wrong, they are dino, but with 2 shotgun at pointblank range, we only manage to scare away a triceratops... who just don't charge...  They are big coward. (and don't think about tracking them you will surely die from a bird attack or just never see him again)A lot of frustration await you if you buy this game.Yes this game can be save, but it will need a lot of polishing.Me ? Im done with raging, going for a next game."
76561197990831253,Recommended,322920,15186418,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,-90's Mentality-,"I am mixed with this game, overall the graphics and scenery is extraordinary. The combat system can be bit glitchy but is overall good, there are bugs with drop pods still which is very dicouraging for me since i spent most of my saved up money in the game and have to get it back by hunting more dinosaurs. There is bugs with spawning with no equipment at all, which sucks if you have a pack of dinosaurs around you. Id say i give this a 7/10 it would be a 9/10 if the bugs were fixed."
,Recommended,322920,14947009,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Sev,"The Hunter: Primal Early Access ReviewPositives- Dinosaur's are highly detailed,fitting Sound and movement animations ( since last patch)-Terrain is absolutely beautiful (set to max resolution)-The majority of the community is friendly, and willing to help out a hunter in need of assistance.-The Terrain is large and comfortable size, your stamina recovery rate is just perfect to make sure you can run and keep an eye out for predators.- Weapon sound and animation's are spot on- gives you a customizable option to wear selected camo such as Merc Spec - Ops, Noble Gear, Settler gear etc.They've included feathers on the dinosaurs (which personally i have really enjoyed as it gives them such a unique look like no other dinosaur game has done, like the Utahraptor has an amazing look thanks to the Feather pattern.negatives- Have encountered a few pesky,annoying bugs.-If you fall in the water, you cant swim out and you have to helplessly watch yourself drown...-Game has crashing issues, however they are working towards fixing that and so far there has been a drastic improvement.-Some dinosaur spawn point's are glitched - Take for example i joined a game and had three T - Rex's in the area, I did not survive as expected.-inventory space is quite small, hence you will have to be very careful as to what you keep in your inventory because take for example if a t rex is charging at you from a distance you will want to start shooting at it with your scope, but when he gets closer you would like to switch to iron sight but you may have a full inventory space so you would have had to drop it..-Some dinosaurs get stuck in the terrain, which is rather unfortunate in my opinion.My Summaryi am going to write from an honest point here, i think the game is absolutely brilliant, The Dev's love the community and are willing to help the community in any way. Playing with other hunters is a must do, because sometimes you can get yourself into a really sticky situation it's always best to have someone watch your back.Some situations can be so intense for example hiding under a bush when a T Rex is standing right next to you.Or the absolutely wonderful feeling you get when you find a .700, or noble gear for example.Even walking halfway across the map to meet up with your fellow hunter just gives you this great feeling of relief and joy.For an early access game, i say this is a MUST PLAY! so go on, get the game - support the devs they really do deserve the support!Thank You"
76561198003435125,Recommended,322920,14427382,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nebri,"Really enjoying this game, always was interested in a Day Z like game but zombies are realitively easy to deal with. Having to deal with 5 raptors stalking you and avoiding trex's however isn't so simple. This game requires some patience to learn, and it's all about being stealthly.I'm enjoying the pvp aspect of it the game as well, and for those of you who aren't into that you can disable the pvp altogether and enjoy the co-operative nature of the game. Definitely grab the four pack with friends.There's nothing quite like silently walking through the forest, running into another team of players and hell breaks loose. Half your team is dead, the other team is in the same rough state, and from all the gun shots you attract 3 raptors and a trex on what's left.The game can go from relaxing to very tense in just a matter of minutes.Yes I wished there was more dinosaurs, yes there are bugs, but it's a very enjoyable expierence and they went with the most interesting dinosaurs first. I would expect more species to come in future dlcs which I will happily purchase."
,Recommended,322920,16590722,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,met up with 3 guys killed a trike i was eaten by a utahraptor spawned found a revolver attacked a baby raptor wave deadspawned found good gear and a shoti  met up again stole there gear started shooting at them failed i ran.11/10 would try to attack my teamates again
,Recommended,322920,30370674,Posted: 7 March,all,E1MI CSGOGem.com,Best Game you can have for classic Dinosaur hunting... just bit bugs do
,Not Recommended,322920,18213361,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,🦊 Dominant Marshmallow 🦊,"Whats sad is this game has the potential to be a very good game but do the developers try? No. Updates take months, their last update was just to add Hungarian localization. Let me adress that... you speant months just to add Hungarian localization? There are no new dinosaurs, no new guns, new anything is absolutely 0. This game could be amazing, but the developers are just chipping in on the cash everyone spends without giving back to the customer who paid to play their game. The game has become repetitive and a snooze, am I the only one who dreads walking? What can sometimes take up to an hour to get to the other side of a map? Why not throw in a vehicle and the only way to get fuel is to find it at a base. Base locations, heres an idea make a few places actually look like a base, it'd be cool to be able to enter into buildings and search for crates or maybe through lockers for items to use and have some smaller dinos lurking inside. What would I rate this game if i had to say 1-5 I'd give it a 2 the graphics are amazing but that doesnt make up for the fact that this game is brutally lacking. Not enough dinosaurs, hardly any guns. It gets old and you will get bored of this game. Would i recommend this game? Nope like i said before not enough content and asking for 30 dollars for an early access game that i thought would be updated on a regular basis is pretty scummy. 30 dollars people, we paid them 30 dollars for this unfinished game. I would not even deem it early access any more I'd say they're done updating this, they prooved that with the ""Hungarian localization"". Months and months upon waiting for dinosaurs and guns only to get that... Sorry but this game will probably be uninstalled on my list. I'll check back on it in a year or 2 to see if anything has changed which I highly doubt."
76561198025309521,Not Recommended,322920,18348808,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Boost Junkie,Terrible game with so much potential.   Dont buy.
,Recommended,322920,13416045,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,penile child,"Great game, combines Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter with a survival aspect. This game is great to play with other people. The map is huge and the landscape is amazing. ""10/10"" - IGN"
76561197969788449,Recommended,322920,28302985,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Mongeir,I would love to see this game in VR with the Vive.
,Recommended,322920,28312524,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Troop98,"I think this game gets a bit too much hate. I personally think it's pretty good, but I can sure see where some of the complaints come from. The game isn't updated by the devs (at the current date of 12-11-16) which can be a big negative.Pros:- Good graphics, they look nice and pretty, and some of the scenery is pretty great.- There's a wide weapon variety to use to hunt dinosaurs down with.- The game also sounds well. You can easily tell the direction of dinosaurs, and identify which they are.- Multiplayer works well and is fun. Teamwork is highly recommended due to the dangers the game has. I've also had no issues with lag or bad ping.- The game is also quite welly optimized. I had no frame drops in my time playing it.Cons:- As of 12-11-16, the devs are no longer adding content, but they have done a bugfix update a few months ago.- There's a low variety of dinosaurs to hunt. I'd say the game needs about 3-4 more, and then it would be enough.- 1 map isn't really enough for the game. It needs 2 maps at least, althought 3 would be quite nice!I think this game gets more hate then it needs. I got this game for 10 dollars. It used to cost 20 dollars. At 20 dollars, this game isn't worth it, but at 10, I think it has aroud enough to justify the price tag."
,Recommended,322920,28886854,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,STEV3NS,"I like this game, nice graphics, big island, nice forest. Funny cooperative hunting with friends."
76561198127560035,Not Recommended,322920,14707944,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Benga,"This game should be called ""search for ammo"" because thats the only thing you do while being eaten by dinos"
,Not Recommended,322920,26301767,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Daniel,This game was too hard to play right at the start and you get nothing to start with.
76561198126469760,Recommended,322920,29488694,Posted: 25 January,all,CrazyMcrazy,This is a great game i would reccomend it to anyone.Has a few bugs every once in a while but there are ways to fix it.
,Recommended,322920,13397069,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,TheWallaby,Spawn hear a dinowalk over to the noisesee a dino stuck in a treetake advantage of it >:)relises cant kill dino with a bow10/10Would like to see more dinos come out in future updates though.
76561198074446711,Not Recommended,322920,30172121,Posted: 25 February,all,Disgruntled_Employee,"Until you guys fix the supposed presintant inventory problem, i will not look at another game you guys put out. You promised that it was fixed in one patch and nothing. Not including the random game killing crashes. This is how you do not keep customers. Get your act together and fix it, also add some more dinosaurs like the stegosaurus or the Parasaurolophus. Until its fixed ill not recommend this game, get your heads out of your asses."
,Not Recommended,322920,20227213,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Daxalax,"Seemed like a simple fun game. But movement is so slow, and it lacks a lot of content. There is also not a lot to it, multiplayer-wise. It had a lot of promise though and I really like the feathered take on the raptors. Shame."
76561198049874703,Not Recommended,322920,20470598,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Loerpert,"At first i was really excited about this game. After a while it seemed the developers don't really want to spend alot of time on the game. It's more like a cashcow for their 'baby theHunter'. The amount of content is so small, that it would fit better as a DLC for theHunter. This is one of those games that i'd call 'a waste of money'. Too bad, because it has alot of potential if it had full attention..."
,Not Recommended,322920,19420244,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Golliwog ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,unfinnished would not buy anything from this developer again
76561198049409639,Not Recommended,322920,20425821,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Cross Hare,"The game and its developers are a big disappointment. It is by no means close to being finished yet has been designated as such (so they can begin charging for further development or drop this project and go on to another one ?)Lesson learned - 1) do not buy Early Access games, 2) Do not buy any games from this software developer (Expansive Worlds, Avalanche Studios)"
76561197994037042,Recommended,322920,13376680,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cord Hetzer,"Found a new pair of pants, then got eaten by a bunch of raptors.10/10 Game of the Year"
,Recommended,322920,17254242,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Ysera,GOOD for boring gamess
76561198061433385,Recommended,322920,25175039,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Scary Noise,"It's abandoned, but that doesen't mean you can't have some feathered fun.dinosaurs have feathers, so it's alot better than the innaccurate games.the game can go on for hours with only one or two dinosaurs, but if you've got patience (and money) check it out."
,Recommended,322920,25103767,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Thegamingdilophosaur,i like this game and its so fun but could you add maybe like a little bit more dinos when i grow up i loved dinos and i still love them this is a good game and should keep on being updated for more cool features and stuff if i were you i would buy this game it does not matter about graphics either its if you have fun and i think there is enough dinos for now but its a pretty good game and i love it
76561198137378490,Recommended,322920,23413169,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Powerstroke,1. Spawned in2. Invited friend3. friend joins4. friend is 2000 meters away5. both walk 1990 meters dino kills us6. spawns again7. 2500 meters away8.exits game10/10 would walk 1900 meters again
,Recommended,322920,30479251,Posted: 12 March,all,Black Panther,Good game.
,Recommended,322920,16177185,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ninja Hamster,"Update.  Time has passed the game is still around still a fun decent game to waste time on things are decently balanced . It is by no means a great game, but it is fun to run around with friends and go hunting. Please note this is not a crafting survival game  this is a hunting survival game. I do however suggest grabbing it on sale.  Have fun on the hunt !"
,Not Recommended,322920,21536211,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Meme,"Paid $30 for this game over a year ago. Now that I've come back to it the game is $20, and no development has been made. Typical early access trash."
,Recommended,322920,15930372,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,| Shaolin& |,"theHunter : Primal is a good game in my opinion but if you have a friend and you know how to play ""find guns , kill dinos..."" its much better !! 7/10 ."
76561198045475420,Not Recommended,322920,27367503,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,50kFaceplant,Boring as ♥♥♥♥ and a waste of time and money
76561198073359479,Recommended,322920,15630705,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Vault,"I love this game,but the grass and tree textures are messed up"
76561198073766817,Not Recommended,322920,18011311,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,21slaughtergang,"This is quite possibly the worst 20 dollars i have ever spent on a game. I have reasons why i don't reccomend this game.1. as soon as you spawn in and get your machete you think your fine. wrong you walk 50 feet and raptors kill you.2. thier are only 5 dinosaurs in the game and all of them except 1 cant be killed with the machete.3. the developers do not give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about this game anymore thier has yet to be any content changes since i bought the game 6 months ago.4. this game is filled with bugs to were dinosaurs hit you from ridiculous distances and dinosaurs getting stuck.5. your stamina is pointless you swing a machete 3 times and your guy gets tired. you sprint for 5 seconds and you guy gets tired.6. you just got done fighting a T-rex and climbing a volcano to a base and whats your prize hmmmm ♥♥♥♥ing nothing just same old♥♥♥♥♥♥that you already have.7. why is this labled a survival game when their is no thirst, hunger, injury, or weather effects, i want to feel like i truly need to survive.These are just a few reasons why i hate this game. Now onto what the game is good for.1. the environment of the game makes you actually feel alone just hearing the growls of raptors you can't see.2. it was a good idea making a challenging game that encouraged you to take risks and hunt danagerous dinosaurs.3. the use of team work in this game is important always have a buddy never go alon i like that aspect.unfortunaley these are the only good things about the game yeah i could say it looks good if it were 2012 but its no it looks average, but no i do not reccomend this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game"
,Recommended,322920,15801750,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Soviet Russia,"Very nice game really loved the gameplay and graphics etc however the game isn't for the faint hearted, this game requires patience, carefullness and above all the ability to stay calm! :D"
76561198022185076,Recommended,322920,16195070,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,mtkmudvayne,"It's a fun hunting game although sometimes it really feels like the hit boxes are off and don't always kill the dinosaurs as they should ie:double lung shot not always equaling a guaranteed kill like it would irl. This game is finished as is and even though alot of people want more dinosaurs,more guns,more of everything and it would be great it's simply not going to happen as this is a standalone game made by the people who made thehunter and at the end of the day that is their baby    ."
76561198086996219,Not Recommended,322920,18367302,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Hillborn,had a future.....then zero updates came and took it away
76561198222379872,Not Recommended,322920,21267560,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,John Whiskey,needs more improvement
76561198050449449,Not Recommended,322920,14860866,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,McRibbed for her pleasure,"I honestly wanted to be able to recommend this game, but I just can't. Not as it is right now.The level system is an interesting concept, even though it's only a means of artificial prolongation, however... You need to be level 10 before you can even buy a pistol, which means you're stuck with a bow until then, and I had enough money to buy 15 pistols by the time I was ALLOWED to buy one (even though I also feel the pistol is over priced for what it offers). ""But you can find guns in crates and sparse ammo"" True, that is something you can do, but as it stands right now over almost 12 hours I've encountered more T-rex than ANY, OTHER, SPECIES, PERIOD. (And 90% of the time there's been one OR TWO T-rex in one of the limited areas where a gun is likely to spawn.) Currently, the rex tanks bullets from anything like a massive sponge. Shoot it in the brain, heart, lungs, intestines, doesn't matter; takes 30 or more shots to bring it down. Add with that the extremely clunky mechanics or firing and it does nothing but frustrate the hell out of you.They also camp on your body after killing you and if you're close enough to hear their footsteps then they're already walking towards you. They haven't noticed you, yet, but they will. Even walking they move faster than you, try to run and they'll see you, lay still and they'll walk up and stomp you to death; so you can forget about going back to your body to get your gear.- The level system needs to be rebalanced, badly.- T-rex are entirely too hard to kill, a dozen 12 gauge slugs to the chest, at least half to the lungs and heart, doesn't even phase it. Same with buck shot and .308, currently they just soak whatever you throw at them and refuse to die until you've emptied clip after clip into their organs. (Though I will admit I haven't tried the .700 or .50 cal yet, mainly because I'm not allowed to even buy one...)-There are only 4 species currently, and of those expect to see more T-rex than any other species hands down. In order of frequency, from most to least, I encountered: T-rex, Utah raptors, Triceratops, Velociraptors. They both need more variance and need to rebalance how many there are. I've run into 2 T-rex in one place at least 5 times; that's just silly.- You move so slow. SOOOOOOOOO slow. Stamina runs out very fast, regenerates rather slowly, takes you forever to get where you want to go only to run into a T-rex and die instantly. Well, not instantly, it SEES you instantly, then you empty every single round you have into it, face, chest, intestines, whatever tickles your fancy; then it eats you.- Audio, especially the rain, cuts in and out frequently. Textures also act very weird, mainly trees when they're on the edge of rendering distance. Trees looking like they're made out of netting is the best way I can describe it. Once you get close it fixes but during play it's no bueno.There are a lot of negatives about this game right now, it's glaringly obvious how unfinished it is, and that's fine. It's early access, that's what you should come to expect, but it is NOT worth buying in its current state unless you are an incredibly patient person. The game looks pretty good, it might give you some feelings of nostalgia if you played Carnivores when you were younger, but that's about it. (There's also no trophy room, like we had in Carnivores, and I feel like that would be a great addition.) I've tried really hard to like it, and been nothing but frustrated the entire time. Most of this stuff can be fixed, and hopefully it will, but like any early access game it's a gamble. It feels like a pre-alpha at the moment with the horrendous balancing and lack of content. If you like the game as it stands and think I'm being too harsh, I'm happy for you, you're a more patient person than I am, but I experienced 11 hours of frustration and maybe 30 minutes of enjoyment.TL;DR: As it is now, I strongly feel it's not worth buying. Wait until it's more polished, if it ever is, and since you don't know if it will be that's why it's not wise to buy into it now. It's extremely frustrating and there's a distinct lack of anything resembling entertaining content at the moment. Save your money for when it's more polished (again, if it ever is) or go spend it on a game which won't make you want to throw things out the window.UPDATE: Still poop. Only now it's ""officially released"" poop."
,Recommended,322920,15218743,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dumbfounded Polymath,"If you have an interest in dinosaurs and shooting games, this is a definate purchase for you. I have played since early access and the game has improved slowly and steadily, to the point where there is a decent amount of content.The learning curve is very steep for new players, even for a seasoned player losing all their gear and starting from scratch can be difficult. Don't let this put you off as the game offers many rewarding experiences once you get your bearings.You start off with a machete and must explore and loot settlements and chests to find gear. Once you have a few kills under your belt you may buy items from the store which strictly uses in-game money, there are no microtransactions.You will die often to begin with but with practice you can drop every dinosaur with a few arrows and then theres the other weaponry, which are all diverse and good for different purposes. Pistol, machete and .308 rifle are good for smaller dinosaurs, whilst Shotgun, .700 double rifle and .50 sniper rifle are good for big prey, like T-Rex.Killing every dinosaur is rewarding not only mentally but earning XP and money too to level up and buy items. When you kill your first T-Rex alone or with others, it's a very good feeling, and leaves you wanting more.Overall I recommend this game to those who are patient and can apperciate a good looking game, where stealth and aiming your shots plays a huge role. As I said before, if you are into dinosaurs in any way, shape or form then this is a must buy. Please don't let the bad reviews put you off, there has been significant patching of the issues mentioned in them. The game is very enjoyable as of writing this.9/10"
,Not Recommended,322920,15299060,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Hamstur,This game is so far from being finished. If this was alpha it would be acceptable.
76561198129256346,Not Recommended,322920,15307804,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Tibbs18,"feels rushed and a bit broken. its dry, and would be better with a main story arch to giive people something to work for. not really my thing. but if you like dayZ and like dinosaurs this is for you."
,Recommended,322920,15175638,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Paper Mystery Beast,"Do not pay attention to all the non-recommends. The developers are patching and fixing bugs as they go along. Excellent, UNIQUE, game play. This is part of the reason it gets bad reviews, its not what people are use to. One size fits all difficulty, best gameplay experience, join open games. Port forewarding internet play. This game probably is not worth 60 dollars, however it also does not cost that much. Buy, Join, Play, then constructively give criticism to the developers for a much better gameplay experience."
76561198116822251,Recommended,322920,13460822,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Viper Helios,i love this game
76561198002974489,Not Recommended,322920,16539285,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Youngblood,Ark > This.
76561198044514863,Recommended,322920,13543194,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DSPGaming,I fell into a cursed valley of raptors and became undead.I can't die.I just want to die.T̤̦hͅe ͚̳̳̹v̺̲̠̬͎̰o͕̮̮̭̖ͅi̘̗̻͇͔͍c̫̯̠͚̟e͖̱͓̮s͚̠̮̰ ̞͈͖͓w̰̲o̙͎̰̙͇̟͇n̬̘'̮̳̙̹̣̥͓t̠ ̲͍̻st̬̭̖̟o͔͇͉̩͍p̘̰̼̯̺̟.I ̯͑͂ͪ͑ͪ͂͐̓A̘͔ͮͪͨM̘̲͇̯̎ ͈̲̜̖̼̘̂͛̌ͧ̎͗̽̐Ȁ̘̗̻̰̞̤̖͗̓ͩ͊͑̃͐ͅ ̹̖̹̲̝͈̖̓̃ͭ̄̊͑M̝̖͖̻̤̯̭͊̃̍͌̒̀̂ͦŎ̖̹̦̗͌ͭN̗͍̎̿̄U̫̘̘̖͓̪̼̓̍M͔͚̥̹̲̮ͧͮḚ͔̭̽̍͒N̳͖̭̗̪̬̤̹ͩ̅͛T͚̗͔͉̘̍̇̅͆͊ ̟̞̰̻̗̹̝̝̃̌T̥͇̲̲̔͆̉O̪ͬ͗ͩ̊ ̺̝̱̈́ͧ͗̍̃A̹͕̗̜̣̙ͦͫ̅ͦ̽͒L̖̜̩̦̩͚̣ͬ̌ͤͧL̮̺ͣ͋ͬ̎̉̂ ̮̪̤̲͎͐͑̎͒ͯͦY̲͙̙͎͚͕̖̣͎͐Ö̫̥̪̟͎͚̱̒ͪ̾ͥU̺̬̩̩͖̙̎̽̏ͧR̭̼̝ͣͩ ̙̲̗̦̥̈͂͑͋ͧ͊ͭ͌ͅͅS̮̦͊ͨ̚Ï̖̥̻͖̯͎̱̜̈̒͂ͥ̄ͫͅN̲̦͖̠̜̺̜ͨ͋́Ś̹͎͈̤̮̣͔ͪ
,Recommended,322920,15808908,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,UNATCOdx,"This game is fantastic, Its extremely difficult and not for the impatient. Be prepared to make long walks to get items and have to crouch and crawl to safety. Take your time, plan your shots and you will be Turok in no time."
,Not Recommended,322920,13408944,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,J.McIntosh,"FPS Dark souls, with dinosaurs! Make sure to grab your only bow and 5 arrows! (I played on a closed server to try and learn things my self before bothering with online.)In a world, where you can only run for 5 seconds, and it takes 30 minutes to regain full stamina!What kind of game has a space dop pod....an amazing GPS/animial tracker device, and gives you a ♥♥♥♥ing bow to start with? And ♥♥♥♥♥♥ A.I. where dinos can be seen across a field then somehow they start B lining it towards you as if they would be able to actually see you that far away.Needs updates bro."
76561198042234000,Recommended,322920,13411889,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Mr Moopsy,FREE theHunter Primal Giveaway ends the 24th!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzEx6dlPY8AThe game is great! Tons of potential. Minimal bugs. Fun to play with friends.Servers are much better than dayz/arma. people actually act like people and play together.Good graphics. Good sounds. Fun gameplay. Dinasaurs are awesome.CONS:needs more content.Play with people. alone I would not be as into it.Worth it now? maybe.For sure worth it after a few patches and more content added.
,Recommended,322920,15163891,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Based Mailman,Got mauled by Utah raptors and shot at trikes which were stuck in trees 9/10 would die again
76561198015055050,Recommended,322920,14660797,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,EASTSNIPER,i really enjoy this game we have so much fun and you have to play smart or you will die
76561198090771757,Not Recommended,322920,30059925,Posted: 20 February,all,DrawenHUN,Abbandoned
,Not Recommended,322920,15227826,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,PKMNTRNR_Joey,"I love the games potential. But the fields won't even load. I was eaten by a pixalsaures..Definitely won't be a regular play for me but I'll check in on patches. Fix the bugs, I'll still play."
,Not Recommended,322920,15440763,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Armouroth,"The game is absolutely terrible.Terrible sound.Terrible graphics.Terrible gameplay.Terrible story.Terrible just about everything.Don't trust the pictures or the trailer, all hype and the game has absolute dogcrap. Cheated..."
,Recommended,322920,30503168,Posted: 14 March,all,Ben Demon,good.need to care more only
,Not Recommended,322920,15162884,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Wildstar,"Gets the dinosaurs right. Otherwise, as boring as real hunting, except your are undergeared, and gear you find is totally random and sometimes has has weird level requirements. Like at level 1 you can use a .308 bolt action rifle (if you find one and .308 ammo), but you can't use tactical boots.Another bummer is no steamworks vpn. Having to open firewall ports for co-op is tired/old-n-busted/lame. They should Spend less time on coming up with witty acheivements and more on implementing steamworks vpn."
,Not Recommended,322920,15163388,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Timothy The Enchanter,"Enemy AI is broken, Flying ♥♥♥♥♥♥s are Overpowered, it takes 10 seconds to leave a server, your weapons won't do squat. If the Devs spent more time on gameplay and less on graphics it would be alot better."
,Not Recommended,322920,23773660,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,anarchyxf36,"Let me start by saying that based on what i can tell about this specific title it's a bare bones EA title that was labeled as finished prematurely. The game is for all intent and purposes D-E-A-D! The reason i say this is due to the fact that it was released as a supposed ""finished"" product before any of the promises were even made, updates are almost non-existant, any bugs from when it was EA and labeled as finished were never fixed, in addition to the fact that the amount of content in this game is 5 dinos and a massive forest.Granted the world and the dino models are beautifully done, and i admittedly haven't played much of this specific title it is good as a generic time waster while waiting for an update on steam to download. Other then that, you're better off spending money on stranded deep or even the isle then this one."
76561198185323501,Recommended,322920,25470437,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,AedynMcGamer23,"fun but hard. Raptors are everywhere, supplies are too rare. It sucks, but i like it"
76561198229259340,Recommended,322920,25311803,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,R3DO,Awesome game. Few more updates n`stuff and this game will be perfect! Great job!
,Recommended,322920,15503893,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,DeEvZ_,Nice game!
,Recommended,322920,13411601,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,awsome301,"Yes, I do recomend this game but there are a few thing's that are coolGoodFun to roam around with some friend's and lootGreat graphics in my opinonLove the theme.It's fun all around.Bad-The Utahraptor's alway's seem to stay in the same area that your in. I know that they can smell and everything. But it doesn't really help sitting in a tree Prone for like 30 mins just to walk around and do the same thing.-The T-Rex seems to be a ninja some time's just randomly knowing where your at.-I like the bow and everything but it' not that good. I can see that you dont want it to be too OP. But when you first play the game and the raptor's or the T-Rex's are right next to you it does not help. Please at least give is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pistol with the bow so we have somthing to fall back on.-When some one disconects it shows the annoying black screen and wont let you play until they disconnected fully.-Some time's when you pull out your PDA, or look in your inventory it will crash your game.-Also one more thing to add is that I dont think the stamina recharges fast enough when your walking I get where that's coming from but still. I could run around stop for about 20 seconds while walking and be able to run again another mile.I still love this game even if this happens. I have the highest of hopes for this game. Can't wait and see what you guy's do next."
76561197967626757,Not Recommended,322920,15258395,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Haxenbein,"this is the meta: Run around, look for crates that have weapons and heath packs in them, kill dinosaurs. rinse and repeat. That's the depth of the game. I'd spend my money elsewhere if I were you."
76561198020698919,Not Recommended,322920,15709744,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,AK,"I do not recommend getting this game as it is now. However if its on sale definatly check it out and to support the developers. (Its also a lot better to play with friends)The only thing I really dont get is that this is a full release, but really it should still be in Alpha.Alpha is mainly the additions being added to the game.Beta is mainly the fixing of bugs and glitchs from those additions, etc.It seems like the devs are doing both of these at the same time in a scatterbrain sorta way.Pros:-Open world-Great Graphics-Amazing Sounds-Easy Controls-Nice dino animations (can be a little glitchy at times)-Co-op and multiplayer is fun and smooth (depending on host)Cons:-Many bugs-Can't swim-Cant climb/Jump-Cant build/place anything, not even traps-Only 5 dino types in the world-Weight system is very limited (leaning more towards realism)As for the content in the game so far, its quite playable but limited in the variety of dinos to hunt.there are lots of different ""biomes"" and areas to explore in the world.I would love to see more herbivores added as there is only one.The ratio is 4:1 (5:1 counting pvp) so be very cautious this is a survival game that relays on your senses and judgement for life or death.Tip:If its storming out, wait it out. A T-Rex came charging at me full speed and I couldn't react becuase visability was so low. Nearly had a heart attack.Verdict 6.5/10Playble, fun online and rewarding (when you finally get that T-rex down)"
76561198212964148,Recommended,322920,15154596,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,lastofthemystical9087,Best Dinosaur hunting game i've eve seen!
76561198055603081,Recommended,322920,16350768,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Azameen,"Its like Turok on Crack, great game, good Engine. Only complaint needs more Dinos. even with this minor set back. five stars!!! i want MORE."
76561198005772297,Not Recommended,322920,14853595,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,zeral_storm,"The game is called theHunter: primal, I play the orginal game, theHunter, was really thinking game would invovle actual hunting some dinos, kinda like Jurassic Park 2, dangerous as hell but still hunting.However, this game involves very little hunting, you start with a longbow and have to crawl around hoping that you stumble upon a crate with a firearm, although, even then ammo is pretty rare so even then you cant do any proper hunting since on your own you have a hard time taking out anything  besides the smallest dinos, and a solo roaming dino here and there. This shouldnt be called theHunter, since there is very little actual hunting in it, theSurvivor would be a better name.If that is your cup of tea, go ahead, you might like it, I got fooled by the name and thinking it was like the original game, a hunting game."
,Not Recommended,322920,16416984,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Thomus,Looks and plays like it is unfinished. Not worth the frustration.
76561198091717268,Not Recommended,322920,26272892,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Adolf Critler,"DONT BUY THIS GAME!I watched gameplay of it a long time ago, decided to buy it once I got a better laptop that could run it only to have the game crash 5 seconds in.  Misleading as crap, game is unplayable, a waste of money, a pile of dino dung 0/10 T.rex would crush again.Until they debug this very buggy game, steer clear."
76561198097883754,Not Recommended,322920,16538498,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,johnson6048,"I got it on sale and still feel like I wasted my money. You spawn with no weapons. If you die, you'll be even worse off than you were before. It's still pretty glitchy and graphics are about 10 years behind at best. The game is designed to be played as a multiplayer game. You can host your own game and play alone if you'd like. Statmina runs out after about 100ft or so. Really? Why is it that nobody ever does their homework when making these games. I feel like most healthy people should be able to run at least a mile without walking.  Don't let me talk you out of getting this game though. Go waste your money and try it for yourself."
76561198156235014,Recommended,322920,22327363,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,GOAT GAMING,"all i can say is best f******* hunting game ever, like ever thats why on the cover of the game it says best hunting game in the world true fact.And if you say my facts arent true youve nver been hunting in your sad little life but i have so i would know what its like to hunt"
76561198084547499,Recommended,322920,15150455,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,T H I C C,Run.Hide.Shoot.Die.Repeat.11/10 would repeat again.
76561198016789060,Recommended,322920,14876079,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Casper,"The most realistic dino surviving game to date.  Not for your run-n-gun type player.  It takes patience and planning when hunting or evading.  I do not see it so much as a hunting game but rather as a survival game.  Your odds of surviving go up tremendously when you have a companion with you.  The sounds are amazing on headphones and really immerse you into the game.  I know there are still tweaks to the sounds as some pings on containers are not correct and you get sound drops during rain storms.Utahraptors, velociraptors, and tri's all interact and react well  when attacking and being shot.  The T-Rex I have not figured out yet.  I have killed several throughout the changes and thank goodness the population was decreased some; however, I am still finding multiple in a common areas, which really makes it tough to escape or hunt.  Their vision is incredible (too good) and I do not see them fleeing when shot. They seem to continue to attack you until they are finally dead.I like the tweaks to the weapons and the opportunity to purchase a weapon at the start upon reaching the right level.  The Bow can be effective it just takes some time on learning to aim it properly based on distance to target.I would like to see more interaction between the dino's especially when there are multiple T-Rex. Interaction between Triceratops and T-Rex, Pack of Utahs and T-Rex, and Utah's vs Utahs when in different packs.  They should be more territorial areas to develop this interaction. I am still looking forward to more dinos being introduced.Additional Game play comments:I don't like that you can only see 250 m with marksman scope, past that range the humans, dinos disappear but all the vegetation and land looks the same.    If it's due to a range issue with the gun you should just show the shot dropping and hitting before the animal.  I often use it to scan a valley to search for dinos before proceeding but then when I think it is clear a T-Rex will suddenly appear.Equipment could include a tree stand, however, the height allowed would have to be limited keeping you vulnerable to Utahs and T-Rex.Instead of a red screen at your death, you could show a more animated death from the attacker in a 3rd person view.  And while you wait your 10 seconds you could watch them eat your body.Really Enjoying the game!   Keep up the development, the price is a steal at the early release price, when finished it surely will increase and still be well worth the cost."
76561198354363232,Recommended,322920,28747351,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Casi,Interestin Game !
76561198177683485,Not Recommended,322920,19152452,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,saeruhmariee,Don't waste your time or money.  Abandoned game.  Thanks for nothing.
76561198118011052,Not Recommended,322920,23545070,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,jscorp75,not suvival more like look for ammo
,Recommended,322920,34316848,Posted: 17 August,all,FalconClaw,"Great game, just wish it had more dino species..."
76561198284683651,Not Recommended,322920,29909749,Posted: 13 February,all,brandoncampbell141,"TheHunterPrimal this game sucks so hard when an update came out and, rested me to level one and always spawned me in a heavy rexed area.This game is not recommend to players with bad luck."
,Not Recommended,322920,30190832,Posted: 26 February,all,Meulavache,"Hi, Years pass, not crashes & loosing ammo and weapons on respawns.I used to remember when trikes where stealth ♥♥♥♥♥ hidding in forests and you died so often because they were charging the moment they saw you... At this time survival in the game was f*g epic sh*t and we were forgiving for bugs and strange behaviour of our character (hey TRex is charging but I HAVE to finish this f*g reload and am still crouched aoh I can't run AAAAHHHH arglblargerk nom nom nom) because it still was in beta.I must admit that gameplay didn't change. There are still no RPG options to customize your character. The game is a bit more casual, the available weapons are fun, you've no more weight limit in the inventory and you've got primal animals. But it's still buggy buggy buggy.This game isn't worth the money, but more importantly, it's not worth the time you're getting on it. It's frustrating and get nearly no support.=> Expansive Worlds=> Avalanche StudiosJoining my no-buy list with Creative Assembly (Total War Warhammer) for epic ruined frustrating games."
76561198026191647,Recommended,322920,15724077,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ALUAH AKBAR,why do i run and walk really slowly in this game? it happens in ghost recon phantoms to! plz help!
76561198257064420,Recommended,322920,25187584,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jwomack96,its a very social game. Youre going to have to interact with other people if you want to advance.
76561198099341556,Not Recommended,322920,16265722,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,basecow9000,"First I thought it was like Dayz and Ark Survival combined. It is not.  NO CHANGE SINCE ALPHA. The Devs gave up on this, do not buy this, it is unfinished. THEY MISUSED THE ALPHA!"
76561198052352352,Not Recommended,322920,16284622,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,76561198052352352,"Save yourself $32 CAD, and go buy Ark: Survival Evolved.theHunter: Primal was released before the defined date by the developers. The intentionally cut the game short to release ""version 1.0"" which only has five dinosaur species. It honestly sounds like the game isn't getting anymore major patches either.Defeinitely disppointed in the developers.Pros:DinosaursActual hunting mechanics. Shoot a vital organ? Does more damage. Too many bad shots? You ruin the trophy.A very realistic game. You need to camoflauge, and survive against the dinosaurs. They'll also actively look for you through scene.Multiplayer is generally a friendly community.Cons:There's no more major updates as it looks like. Which effectively kills the game.Each ""pro"" factor mentioned above is fun for about an hour or two, until it gets boring.The game can be fun if you play multiplayer, otherwise you're going to get bored quickly.Progression system sucks to begin with. You are given a makeshift machete, and will have to die repeatedly, maybe getting a kill in to progress. You progress by killing dinosaurs. If a dinosaur takes too much damage, it will run. It will run faster than you, and thus your melee attacks will render you incapable of getting a kill, halting your progression before it starts.Would not recommend. I did a first-impression to the game if anyone is interested.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOJmNcNw3zU"
76561198014404706,Not Recommended,322920,16212291,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,protoKol,AI needs a lot of work even after they claimed to have fixed it. Developer just posted that they are abandoning the game to work on their f2p hunting sim thehunter.Highly not recommended
,Recommended,322920,15505462,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mr.Bean,this is great
,Not Recommended,322920,16533160,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wilhelm,"I pickedd this game up a while ago in Early Access. I mildly enjoyed it, but I mainly invested asuming it would stay in early access, and get much more content. I figured id wait and check up on the updates.  But the updates stopped coming. It left early access, and  the devs walked away. I feel a bit cheated out of my money, but oh well.Stay clear of this game. Invest in something  better.  Like a  cheeseburger. Or a Taco. Or a kikstarter game. No jk those are terrible.  Like  this game."
76561198281727668,Recommended,322920,26191477,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,bananamilk852013,You'll never regreat playing this awesome game ya!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198021695132,Not Recommended,322920,16929839,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,stuka,"So I admit I bought this game in early, early access. I had high hopes for it. Finally a game where I can hunt dinosaurs. However it quickly turned from a hunting game into a survival game. Which I have no interest in. This game is not about hunting, at ALL.In its current state its pretty much unplayable due to several bugs and design issues.Plus, it is no longer being worked on. The Devs have considered it a finished product, so do not expect much of anything to be added or fixed. Its a shame to see so much potential lost."
,Not Recommended,322920,16948155,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,nigga,"Don't buy this game, it gets boring after walking for hours then dieing right after you got the good stuff"
,Recommended,322920,15365076,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,OldRPGGaming,"Okay the first thing I want to say about this game is that it's clearly had a LOT of work put into it, Incredibly beautiful veiws on the island, the detail in graphics in this game is second to none !! don't take my word for it, go ahead and buy it and see for yourself !! I sat watching the sky for like 2 mins just because I was literally like dammmmnnnn at how amazing the thunder and lightning storm looked !! this is without mentioning how real the dinosaurs in this game look, havent played a survival game for a while now thats had me so drawn in, YES it can be tricky to start out in this game but be patient ! Its so tense laying on the ground at the edge of a tree line looking out onto a big opening and seeing a Tyranosaurus slowly step by step getting closer and closer, do you shooot ? do you run ? or do you lay still??? this game is constantly making you think and I for one LOVE how they achieve that, the online playis also very good teaming up with other players to track dino's down together. Hard to stop bigging this game up as im addicted to it it really is fantastic !! to sum it up then id give this game a solid 9/10 and I highly doubt we will see a better Survival game of this kind for years to come ......"
76561198143964451,Recommended,322920,15145555,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Slonginsir,If you could can you add deinosuchus to add fear to the waters also great game I love it. if you read this thank you please think about it have a nice day.:D
76561198011271894,Not Recommended,322920,15615807,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hodgy,"I started playing this game a few weeks ago and began liking it. The game is enjoyable in single player or multiplayer and the progression of items and levelling provides incentives for progression. The difficulty is a strong draw for me (though other players may not like intense difficulty).However, the numerous string of bugs that have gone on unfixed (after reading well before I started playing) is frustrating. Of note the recurring issues I experienced were: inventory items not saving, level progression not being saved, frequent game crashes/false starts. More frustrating however is the reaction the devs have to constructive feed back - no responses/acknowledgements nor plans for fixes. The patches target minor glitches that rarely negatively impact the player base -or- increase content. Content increases aren't a bad thing at all, but when there are no published plans or discussions for fixing major game issues it's a problem because it indicates that fixing major issues is not a priority.Further, it appears that efforts to discuss these issues are censored from their discussion forums as numnerous posts I have made (and others read) were subsequently deleted within a day of writing. The posts were professional and constructive in nature and contained no derrogatory language.Note: The discussion forums are moderated to not allow negative discussion of game facets (even in a professional and constructive manner)."
76561198036161836,Recommended,322920,15722869,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,DingoAteMyBaby,I love this game great game no regret buying it except one thing. Could you ♥♥♥♥ mook designers make a patch where you dont spawn ten thousand miles away from your stuff when you ♥♥♥♥ing die you ♥♥♥♥ing idiots.
,Recommended,322920,14250014,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mr Corey,"Shot a raptor 32 times. Ran out of ammo. Ran away with the invincible raptor in chase.  Picked up a Shotgun and fired close range. He ate me. Shot 3 clips of a highpowered rifle into the chest of a T-Rex the, fire 2 clips of DB into his chest at close quaters. He ate me. Everytime I respawned he managed to find me and terrorize me even by nocliping through the tree i was hiding it. 10/10"
76561198096571286,Recommended,322920,25917086,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,sabram,This game was super fun and hard when they were constently updating it me and my friends would all play it for hours saying this game is great it gave u that scare facer that other games lacked. Then they had us take a servay on what we would like to see in the game and we were coming up with all sorts of ideas. The last update was January and now they updated finaly that they fixed bugs and made it sound like the two things that they fixed were super hard to do .... it took u guys 10 mouths to figure that♥♥♥♥♥♥out ? this game can still be saved and the players that loved it will come back if the devs finaly get there act together and start adding and updating the game more u had a sevay witch ppl took so u have ideas get going already we want this game to have more in it plz we want this game to be better then the unfinished product it is today.
76561198000157085,Not Recommended,322920,23489218,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,akira-gt,"this game sucks, worse thing is i played it for more than 2 hours expecting it to get harder and it didn't,m now i cant get a refund for this total peace of crap"
,Not Recommended,322920,26367901,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,BooMaya,"Out of all the games I have purchased over the last, um, 30 years.. this game and No Man's Sky are #1 and #2 on my list of the worst PsOS I have ever played. If you buy this game just keep in mind I warned you! For the first 30 minutes, maybe an hour, you'll think it's pretty cool but then you'll understand just how ♥♥♥♥IN' HORRIBLE it really REALLY is! You have been warned! I can't even say that it's worth the $10, it's not! MAYBE, and that's a HUGE MAYBE, if it were $2 and you REALLY wanted to experience a ♥♥♥♥IN' HORRIBLE ""game"", I'd say go for it, hit yourself in the head with this hammer, it's your head!"
,Not Recommended,322920,21934133,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,≈♦Ŕλśú♦≈,really garbage game .. do not buy that
,Recommended,322920,24448269,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,YeScrivlar,"Yes this game has bugs, yes this game has glitches. But its still in development, and as far as i know, hasnt been dropped by developers. One of the only downside to this game is the lack of content; dinos and weapons. the lack of dinos makes this game a little repetitive and quite boring if on your own.But this game is great with friends, you get the thrill and excitement of having a t-rex hunting you down, but the boring travelling or stalking parts are contered by being with mates.Dinos become less of a problem as you learn to be able to escape and evade them, and once you have learnt where to shoot certain dinos, all weapons become very good, and not underpowered as some people mention.Overall, this game is worth the £7, especially if you have friends who will join you. The thrill of managing to stalk a trike, and the accomplishment of killing it with a single arrow will makeme smile any day. And the ability to hide under a Rex's or Utahs nose without being killed is a nervous ordeal which makes this game play incredibly enjoyable. and not to mention the lush surroundings and fliping creapy calls and growls from certain dino's."
76561198168804840,Not Recommended,322920,14754166,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ุ#LEGIT #FaZe #OPTIC #TRIANGLE,iT WAZ GUD
76561198157686734,Recommended,322920,19845899,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,matt 21,yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
76561198033534694,Not Recommended,322920,20901214,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,DarkBuds,"game is way too slow the charaters cant run for more then 5 seconds what a whimp thing to put in a game when your stuck in Dino Land im sure any chanrater can run for more then 5 seconds, what is the guy out of shape or what???thers no jumping. 90% of the time you got no wepons of any sort and damage from weapons sucks!!  No fun just a bunch of Dino Deaths"
76561198119303832,Not Recommended,322920,30731983,Posted: 25 March,all,kanene,3/10 it is a good game had good chance but it dosent savethats the biggest problem
,Recommended,322920,13468414,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Washington,"Don't move and it wont see you, another 2 t-rex's turn up. F*** it, run."
,Recommended,322920,29407540,Posted: 21 January,all,Robicism,"I totally think that this game is entertaining. Its not perfect, but it is easy to get better and better the more you play. I mean, once you get to the point where you can one shot t-rex the game does become a little boring sure, but for $9.99 ~40 some hours of gameplay isnt that bad"
,Not Recommended,322920,23075673,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Eclipse,So much wasted potential. Such a terrific idea that didn't get fleshed out at all
76561198272008684,Recommended,322920,24191699,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,codytheawesome1st,Epic game and I love playing with freinds! Only things I want are 1. More dinosaurs and 2. Less glitches.
76561198163460432,Recommended,322920,14759879,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,colbygene02,it is a fun game but needs more dinos and bigger dino
76561198130687690,Recommended,322920,22787838,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Justin,pretty fun community not that good
76561198051309204,Recommended,322920,13963163,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Pew Pew,very fun game it has a skill factor about sneaking so if your good at sneaking it is a game that can be fun.
,Recommended,322920,13397898,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,10Toed,I AM ONE WITH THE BUSHES
,Not Recommended,322920,15178279,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Andrew,"Oh man they just said this game came out of early access, it is so so far from even a remotely finished product.Do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,322920,29161841,Posted: 10 January,all,EnderHTD,"Don't buy this game! It's unfinished and I'm afraid it's not going to be finished. It's a shame really, a game with so much potential and they ♥♥♥♥ed it all up!"
76561197989698031,Recommended,322920,15423605,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Snake_Pliskin,"There really should be a third option for whether or not you recommend the game. That third option should be 'Meh'.I do enjoy playing this game but I find myself spending more time retrieveing my corpses than I do hunting. The Devs really should fix the level requirements for purchasing weapons when you die, for example, the first hunting rifle you can purchase requires level 30. Hence, spending most of your time retrieving your corpse to recover any decent weapons you've already found. I really don't see myself playing this game long enough to hit level 30 as it is now."
76561198006716119,Not Recommended,322920,18022683,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,fastmclaren71,rubish
,Not Recommended,322920,17569716,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Jath,"It was a fun game when I first started playing, but that quickly changed.  The controls are severely limiting, basically not allowing you to point shoot, and locking you in place, or to a slow crawl while you gradually aim your weapon.  It's fine to aim, but sometimes, a raptor is close enough to you that it's not necesary, and quite fatal to aim, for you that is.   I feel like they based the controls on what some fat chair jockey programming all day is capable of doing.  If that's the goal, you've achieved it quite well because I have never felt like such a slow sluggish out of shape fat man in my entire life.  They did some great stuff with this game, but sadly, were not ambitious enough.  They could have included a dozen more species of dinosaur, but they stopped at what I'm supposing were their favorites.  They could have enabled you to interact with some of the dinosaurs in other ways than killing them, such as riding a triceratops.  It takes some time to get around the map since you have to walk everywhere, and it is quite dangerous.  Maybe a vehicle of some sort would have been good.  In all, this game didn't quite achieve what I hoped for.  I would recommend playing Ark: Survival Evolved instead, if you like dinosaurs. It's much more fun, much more ambitious, has WAAAAAAAY more dinosaurs... and it's got a lot more things to do."
76561198127931492,Not Recommended,322920,21914409,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sharks Are Scary AF,This game sucks
76561198068585909,Not Recommended,322920,34140123,Posted: 9 August,all,ToxicJam420,"I say do not bye this game. The screenshots and videos make it look awsome but it is boaring and lame. I wasted $30 on this and i dont even play. I asked for a refund but because i had it for more then 2 weeks i couldnt. Buying products online is horrible, just go bye it on disk from EB games and if you have had it for more then 2 weeks at least you can get half a refund. This game is not worth $30 and is a waste of my time."
,Not Recommended,322920,15546064,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Feanominal,"AT THIS POINT... no "" I "" would NOT recommend this to anyone at ALL!! The Dinosaurs, environment, and animations are OUTSTANDING, but realy... going point to point collecting boxes praying for a weapon... NO CRAFTING, heh you can't even JUMP!!!Subscribe Today - Feanominal Gaming"
76561198290890406,Not Recommended,322920,27581131,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FarcryJake,sucks balls graphics suck
,Recommended,322920,13860006,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,чики-брики NBN ( ͡° ͜つ ͡°),"This game is pretty cool at the start, but i find it annoying how difficult it is to stay alive for a while, ive been killed few times by a T-Rex and mugged by some Raptors.....THEY GIVE YOU A F****** BOW/10 ARROWS, you have to find guns in the Crates around the map. which i'm sure randomly spawn, if you see a T-Rex just ♥♥♥♥ing run unless you got some firepower, Raptors... well you ""can"" kill them with your bow, but i ran out of ammo quickly and died. Yet to Encounter more Dinosaurs. So i won't stop playing it.At first its more like you're the one being hunted, until you get some good guns (if you live long enough)So far ive only played by myself, and i'm pretty sure with some friends like 3 or more you can survive with some effort.+im pretty sure some of the features in-game are from The Hunter, like (Dinosaur Droppings to Help Hunt them, and the little Device you use to Identify the Poop and find crates)Overall you really need to play with people and/or Friends to get your moneys worth(you can do it by yourself), Yet even still i did enjoy most of it!!My Review is Mixed, i'll Thumb it up because its not bad....but playing alone is pretty annoying"
76561198123841300,Recommended,322920,30180459,Posted: 25 February,all,Symbiote_089,"It seems that I can't do bloody nothing with a machete. I play few minutes, then shows up one or two Utahraptors, and with few swings at him, nothing happens, can't kill him. Big dislike because running and swinging a machete uses the same stamina bar, so when you are out of swings, you can't even run away. I just bought it because I like dinosaurs, but can't play with anyone of my friends, because they don't like it as much as I do and there is no point for me to play the game, because I can't get anywhere. It's so bad for the player to be dropped with his pod to the Planet of Eden, because if he's from space, he at least needs to have a space gun that is charging and fires lasers to start with. I wanna play it but I really don't know how to play it on my own. Or make some legal trainer or some available cheats, because that may be the only way to play it. Who wants to explore the Planet of Eden with me can add me as a friend on Steam, so we can explore the map together with 2 machetes, haha. :D"
,Recommended,322920,20600039,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mindvox,"I came, I saw, I killed queens.I can't say that Istronglyrecommend this game, but that doesn't mean that I don't recommend it at all. For those who are interested in hunting, tracking, dinosaurs, and cooperation read on.The game is far from perfect and at times there are graphical issues that I do feel shouldn't be a part of a 'finished' game. When you use 'x' to free look for example, you can see through your character models body. It isn't a terrible issue that makes the game unplayable by any means, but you can't help but feel like that was something that the developers just decided to leave as is, instead of cleaning up the code and flushing it all out. I've also felt this unfinished feeling when a raptor charges me only to get glitched into a rock or the surrounding environment.The auto run feature, which you use by pressing 'q', is an amazing implementation and I wish more games would incorporate such (listen up DayZ devs, I'm shouting in your direction).If you like dinosaurs, the hunting experience and are able to handle some wandering around across a pretty large map this game is exactly what you are looking for. It is difficult, however, so be forewarned that nothing about this game is easy...especially if you are after the queen rex. I spent about 45 minutes hunting my first rex with a buddy of mine and this was both a stressful and satisfying experience that most games don't offer. The actual feeling of accomplishment upon taking down such a large and terrifying creature was worth the pain staking game of peek-a-boo we played while implementing strategical shots to the beasts vitals.I personally enjoy the hell out of this game.The display chart of where you hit the beast is an exceptionally well done & very rare feature of the shooter genre.You want to go for the vital organs as headshots on dinos don't do too much damage. Remember how they have tiny brains?To top off the chart, it shows who did what, how many shots you each hit the dinosaur with and where. (ex: the lungs, the kidneys, the heart, the spine, intestines, liver, body shots, etc.) and then it continues to break up the stats into a nice percentage read out. For example with the t rex we took down, I dealt 88% of the total damage and was able to see my shots highlighted on an x-ray chart of the dino, likewise, my buddies fired shots that hit and overall damage (22%) were displayed. You then get to take a screenshot of your accomplishments for all to see.You are able to determine your location and meet up with other players via the GPS that you spawn with. Yes, you can place markers on important locations and yes there is a distance displayed on all your squad mates so you can spread out and cover more ground. As you roam, keep the GPS equipped in your left hand and search for others dead bodies and loot spawns. The GPS is also an incredibly valuable tool with which you will be able to track dinosaurs and recieve updated information about them (their species, their sex, etc.) You will also be able to tell how damaged a beast is that you have already wounded, what % of life they have left and where you hit them.The weapon selection/dino variety is limited (I believe that there are only five dino species at the moment, all of which are aggressive, even the herbivores) and this is something else that makes the game feel slightly unfinished-- lack of content --You can find clothing that increases your ability to hide (ghilly hats, shirt, pants, etc.) but again, there aren't many customization options for your character.There are a few attatchments you can add to weapons, only optics related: red dot, scope with zoom, etc.  No suppressors or compensators, extended magazines, flashlights, etc. A couple weapons I've used so far include the .308 single shot pistol, the .700, the shotgun with slugs ammo type, the .308 rifle with scope, the riot shotgun, the assault rifle and the anti .308 along with the bow and arrow setup. I know that a .50 cal sniper rifle is in the game, but I've had no interest in using it after having the .700.There are dinosaur calls used to attract certain breeds and you can use dino eggs to cover your scent. You will find mushrooms littered throughout Eden, but be cautious as they can lead to death!Two of last things I'd like to touch upon are the graphics and the audio of this game. The vegatation/forestation is epic. The night to day transistions are graceful and seem wonderfully natural. The dinosaur models are quite detailed. The weather effects are something to pay attention to as the rain/fog cuts your vision. It becomes crucial to be able to listen in the distance for the raptors calling to each other and planning their attack(s) or to hear the mild thunder of a Rex off in the distance looking for prey.Final Word:Pick the game up when it is on sale, don't expect a ""Triple A"" experience, and don't play it alone. If you aren't into dinosaurs, hunting, or co-op don't bother."
76561198202081981,Recommended,322920,24989579,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Varmaldo,a great and intriguing game.
76561198173164405,Not Recommended,322920,20818487,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,[shrekt]Snusmumriken,"this is a bad game. You spend too much walking, with the occasional dinosaur jumping you. the animations are horrible so is the AI. I am kinda sad that this was the first game I bought on steam."
,Recommended,322920,16433634,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Reptar,"once you get the hang of this, it is super fun, challenging and hilarious, play with the right people and go rex hunting, watch out for raptors theyre sneaky little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s lol"
,Not Recommended,322920,29030414,Posted: 5 January,all,TheSkeleton,Do not buy that.♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.My opinion.
76561198111262963,Recommended,322920,15288040,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,hellcase.com,This is so good game everybody who plays dinosaurs game buy this
76561198155488845,Recommended,322920,24160569,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Huge Hunk Harry,I like it.
,Recommended,322920,13654757,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Veple Brus,GO GET EMM
76561198059779166,Recommended,322920,15159919,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Eric,"Great game, with a few very hindering bits. Hunting is fun and suspenseful. There is nothing like trying to make your way through a forest while avoiding a t-rex, or finally finding the right hardware to become the hunter. The recently added Quetzacoatlus (pterodactly like creature) are grossly imbalanced and really hurt the fun significantly. Standing anywhere but in the middle of a forest means you are prone to being swooped off the ground and dropped to you death. The other dinos are fairly well balanced, with the exception of a few glitchy bits, like t-rex's biting through trees to get you. Another HUGE issue I have with the game is the stamina system. There is a traditional bar that deplets when you use it, however, it depletes extraordinarily fast, and refills quite slowly. you can barely make it 15 feet before your out of stamina, and likely being eaten by a dino. It is almost inexcusable to be chased by a raptor for 15 feet, be out of stamina, and then basically watch as it attacks you while you slowly try to WALK away from it. In a dinosaur hunting game, mobility is key, and it is really lacking here. If they took out the Q's, fixed a few minor bugs, and made stamina much more balanced, this would be a 10/10 game. As it stands, I give it a solid 7.5/10, and worth a purchase if you can catch it on sale."
76561198185748338,Recommended,322920,15076688,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ComradeDerp2033,"Well for one this game havnt been out for long so theres alot of work that is being done to it im guessing and from what little they have in the game right now i think the game has potential but first think i noticed was the staminia bar depleted too fast and regained very slowly you have to stand still for it to regain at a decent speed. even though i think the bar needs to regain faster and deplete slower much slower, after all there are few creaters and wepoans to choose but thats becuse its too early in the game just waiting for more updates to come. after all i think this is a good game once everything is complete. whem i played this game for the first time all i had was a machete, so i ran to a creat but never opened it becuse i got attacked and died. finding wepoans isnt bad at all buying them is much much longer. i think what saved it was the fact that you can find wepoans. detial in the animals are good, the game only has minimal system requirment so thats becuse its not old at all once the recommended droped in a update im sure the landscape would look really apealing, even though its ok right now, i think once more creatures is a must, wepoanry might want to add a few more veriety and make it a touch eaiser to buy wepoans. i find this game very pleasing to play. i like the game personaly but i think much more is needed to aplease everyone which im sure there working on it as we speek an update droped today but havnt downloaded it but either way im sure the game will evolve into something greater soon."
,Recommended,322920,15025188,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Morning Dove,"This game is worth purchasing as is.  I would love to see them turn this into a must buy if you like hunting, currently its not there yet.It needs something to keep you motivated to play and give you some attachment to you're hunting zone.  Something to give you a purpose, currently there is none but to shoot dinosaurs (not really to survive, because you can do that by hiding, but for no real reasons).I love hunting games, so its enough for me to take trophies, but thats not enough for most people."
76561198206888272,Recommended,322920,15054731,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,✪ Hobbit,"This game is fregin awesome! I love it. In the first place, I only got steam for the hunter primal. I just want MORE dinosaurs. I'm a big dino guy and a HUGE spinosaurs would be amazing. GREAT GAME THOUGH :D"
76561198160391009,Recommended,322920,15119882,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,jblusawa,"I would definately recommend this game to others. This game started out bumpy, but now with the introduction of the Velociraptor, the game has become much better. The next great addition was the addition of the machete which allows you to kill Velociraptors in one hit and Utahraptors in 3-5 hits. All in all this game gets a 8 out of 10 on current quality and 10 out of 10 on potential."
,Recommended,322920,28899295,Posted: 1 January,all,Galli from Hell,"I like this game because:* map scenery, the engine is incredible well optimized, look at the sky both night and day, look far in the distance, it's really nice* ambiance of the map* multiplayer with friends* dinosaurs* the concept of hunting dinosaursHere are some aspects that can be improved:* animations of both characters and dinosaurs* some dinosaur sounds* dinosaurs 3d models* weapons mechanics* some sort of multiplayer packet check to prevent cheatingKnown bugs to me so far:* dinosaur AI, they can get stuck* inventory keeps losing items* collision with dinosaurs (I was propelled into air by a raptor)* client multiplayer model allows cheatingClearly the game has been rushed to the market.Here is another game with huge potential, exceptional open-world engine and yet no vision from the people who run the business. Classic these days.I don't recommend this game to ""consumerist gamers"" who devour games in hours and get bored fast.This is a game for the dinosaurs fans.It doesn't have a great replay-ability value, but you can always have a little fun with friends or even alone just exploring."
,Recommended,322920,24148341,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Sith Lord,needs more dinosaurs
76561198019275697,Recommended,322920,15268027,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Dustbuhny,LOVE THIS GAME ! Would like be able to retrieve arrows (from carcasses at least) in the game. Great graphics and game play. Looking forward to future developements :-)
76561198025618493,Recommended,322920,14935135,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Blåbærtryne,"Love this game! lots of friendly players (as long as you dont play PVP ofcourse!), and lots of unfriendly dinos!to be an early acces game i think its incredible and still has lots of potential!it can be a little too tough start, when you have no camo clothes (so every predator sees you insanely easily), and a bow, but as soon as you understand how things works and whatnot its awesome!Ofcourse its a lot more fun to play with friends, since its kinda hard to communicate ingame (except writing in chat) and sometimes you just dont have time to write that a pack of raptors or a T-rex in coming straight for us and how to attack or where to hide.The one most annoying thing tough, is that there arent alot of game hosts, so when playing with friends there can be hard to find servers with space for all of us. The other problem is that the game crashes a bit too often (there are weekly and sometimes even more often updates so i think this is gonna disappear)So far i have 28hours on record and even though it have some crashes and whatnot, i think its awesome and are continiously recommending it and trying to get more friends to buy it, because ""The more the merrier""! + u can sacrifise them to dinosaurs by throwing rocks at their position moahahahahha!8/10 (not 10/10 because of crashing and to few hosts)10/10 if taking into considering that its an alpha and under development."
76561198277545047,Recommended,322920,21256228,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,rowliemo,"Hi, I've just bought this game about 1 month ago but I cant see because the screen goes red and blue. Please help me. It is really hard to see and I need a notifacation on how i can fix this. Otherwise it is a good game."
76561198029410420,Recommended,322920,29709688,Posted: 4 February,all,t0min8t0r,it is a great game if you could add more dinos it would be great  if they made the game look like the first tralir that would be astonishing same with the dinos if they culd add anklasorus spinosarus brackeosarusps if they added a climbing animasion and swiming and jumping animashion
,Recommended,322920,14177634,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Muldoon™,"walking simulator, with a fear of death10/10"
76561198161325345,Recommended,322920,17210392,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,.                             .,pls realy pls add spinosourus
76561198168660620,Recommended,322920,14249155,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Super1285,"Very different, a nice change!"
76561198129971114,Recommended,322920,17113412,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,_kid_ninja_,please add an m4
76561198021777291,Recommended,322920,15075418,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Trespasser07,"For many years i've always wanted a game similar to Lucas Arts' ""Tresspasser."" THP is the closest sans the narration by Sir Richard Attenbourough (John Hammond), w/c lent a brilliant eeriness to the environment. Primal Eden is so like Site B in Trespasser, but much improved and with more realistic dino behavior. The gameplay is much simplified and more user friendly in THP. It only needs more dinos like the Brachiosaur or Ankylossur. Love this game."
76561198121348066,Recommended,322920,15051985,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Nerdy Knifer,As with most games this and last year i was hoping it was an offline and online game.... although you can play on a private server yopu cant play offline : (BUT i enjoy this game a lot... withing 3 min of playing i was changing the setings for my game but some utaraptors had a different idea... this was funny becuse my vew locked (my falt) and i was running around like a head less chicken that could only go formerd or backi find itr fan but again i would advise to stay on your own server unless you have really good internet ;)
,Recommended,322920,13726347,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Eadlyn June,Ehhhh...Yeah it ok. Not great but...ok. Play it if you want I guess...kinda glitchie though. 7/10( ' - ' )_/ |  \__ /\_The Dark Double Rainbow Of Steam
,Recommended,322920,14304910,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,wolfchylde68,Like the graphics and the sub tropical setting but I'm not too thrilled about becoming raptor chow every five minutes. Another thing I would suggest is to let players keep the inventory they died with in the multitude of Utahraptor attacks.....it would give players a bit more of a fighting chance as the game goes along because there seems to be raptors EVERYWHERE......and they are sneaky devils. Also maybe when a player DOES happen to kill off a raptor.....let the dead be a distraction for a minute or so to give said unfortunate player a chance to get away and heal. and PLEASE please please try to figure a way to get into the trees as a way of escape.Other than the afore mentioned issues ...I would recommend the game for anyone that has ever dreamed of Jurassic Park as a hunting reserve.....hehehehe
76561198110684280,Recommended,322920,14197420,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,RehabFlamingo,"Its a great game all in all but it would be nice to see crafting and a bit more survival, as well as new guns and dinosaurs. I know that development takes a while but until then, there isnt much content, it does however have a ton of potential"
76561197996858766,Recommended,322920,13385585,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sixx_String,"Don't worry it doesn't have the same micro transactions as theHunter does. It's a one-time payment with no purchasing of guns in a store for real money.The game in its current state seems alright. It has some connectivity issues and some crashing. These are to be expected in an early alpha build.There are only 3 species to hunt atm, Triceratops, T-rex and Raptors. The AI seems to be iffy at times. They will stand around taking shots before they start attacking you or they will just out right not see you sometimes. But when the AI works it's terrifying. The raptors hunt in packs, both the T-rex and raptor will stalk you.The survival aspect isn't much yet. You don't have to worry about starvation or thirst. You can't craft weapons or anything yet. You basically survive by not being eaten. But they could extend on this as time goes on.If you are the least bit interested in a Dino hunting/survival game give this game a shot."
,Recommended,322920,13386049,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DrMantisToboggan,"Playable in the current state. Stable in its release. A ton of potential.If you are looking for a game where you hunt dinosaurs like that guy in Jurassic Park 2, this is it. If they expand on what they have at the moment, this game is going to be a great time killer with a ton of replayability."
76561197991580592,Recommended,322920,13396609,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Harry,"As you can see I have little time in-game, I wil tell you why.I spawn, instantly notice a beautiful game, not just with looks but total immersion, sound and sight.I find a box, nice some rounds and some med kits.Notice mountian/volcano, go for a small walk up said hill.Find a lovley base at top, with some clothing and two 12g shotguns, but no ammo, damn.Path leads to dead end, head back down, not the way I came, just incase I am being followed.I then get to a massive tree, like huge, notice other trees, appreciate the effort gone into the wildlife etc. in the game.fine a hide-ie-hole in one of the big trees, I think its awesome, so cool infact I step inside.Look around, nothing, go back outside.I am confronted by a T-Rex, slowly backed into said hide-ie-hole.He leaves, I try to mak a break for it, notice a tail hanging from a bush, look round.Bam, Raptor to the face.Honestly the best introduction to a game."
76561198137913856,Recommended,322920,13396617,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,wordslinger1919,"This has so much potential to be a truly great game but it has quite a ways to go, which I will get to.The atmosphere is fantastic even though I've spent most of the game alone trying to reach other survivors. You can sprint but it's loud so you have to desperately take your time and on the rare chance that you do meet up with someone, the feeling is great because you are two, now. The map is large but not infinite, allowing you to reach other players if you can survive the trek. It can be scary at times, when you're crouched next to a bush hearing something far off coming closer. Trying to guage where it's coming from. And how many they are. Very tense moments, like the first time you see a Rex from far off.The game does change a bit once you find a gun or two. I know it's a hunting game but when all you have is 5 bows, you aren't hunting anymore. You're fleeing to the safety of other players and the slim chance of good luck along the way.There are things that I love about this game. The 8 year old in me that still loves dinosaurs more than anything else loves the bejesus out this game. But there are some issues.The crashing is still bad. That is going to need to improve quickly. It's hard to develop a rhythym when players are constantly getting dropped. I'm on win8.1 and I'm not lagging. But it still crashes all the time.The other big issue and I swear it's not because I'm bad, but the aiming mechanism is awful. Bow""hunting"" is nearly impossible. The guns are a lottle bit better because you don't have to draw them back but it still ain't great. The game gets choppy to the point of death. And then you respawn all the way across the map and have to sneak, crawl, and walk a good 4000m to reach the other players. The game has a way of spreading you all out .So. It has amaing potential but right now, developers, this has to get better. Like, $20 better, if you catch my drift. Please don't let this die."
,Recommended,322920,13396677,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[AE]Vectrocity,"Pros-Amazing scenery, graphics-Dinosaur AI is fantastic (Raptors hunt you down in packs)-Not too hard to find weapons-Giant Map-Has some player customisationCons-Buggy (first day in early access, will get better)-only 3 types of dinos (will get more)-only a few guns(will get more)All in all, i would recommend this game. While there are some bugs, It's very playable.  While the dinosaurs are pretty hard to kill, that's to be expected, considering the skin of one is almost an inch thick, plus the bones are thick as well.It's possible to kill the UtahRaptor with just one arrow (through one lung even).I would rate this game a 6/10 at this stage, considering it's its first day. I expect many updates from the Dev team, and this game to get much better."
76561198009172368,Recommended,322920,13396821,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sarogus,"To the survivor who isn't dead yet...The forest was dense, very dense. The grass itself was at my waist, the bushes a sprawling wall of green and the trees...I feel so small on this planet. Small and insignificant. My first feeling is fear, I could almost smell it on myself. The sparse yellow outfit I was provided feels severley unquipped for the rigors of this harsh world. This was only  compounded by the fact that they felt it was suitable to equip me with a wooden bow and some arrows...have they ever crouched in a bush, the yellow of their outfit stained a filthy brown as they♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves in pure and utter terror, my bodies defensive response to a T-Rex not 3m from me, its nostrils flaring as it snorted the air...I'm surprised it didn't smell my fear let alone my pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then again, there was a pile of its own♥♥♥♥♥♥just beyond us. Yes. Fear is all I know of this planet. I clung to that bush for dear life, even when the creature disappeared over the ridge, I sat crying at the bush. Time just went on by...and god knows what other creatures of death. I eventually slinked back to my landing pod, my one and only small measure of secuirty and safety. I write this now at the peak of the volcano...that was quite a trek. I haven't seen a dinosaur since that moment with the T-Rex. Despite this fact, every step, every step forward is pure terror. I can't see anything yet I hear EVERYTHING. The rustles, the groans and screeches, the distant roars...this place, I just...back home life is as many people would expect, happiness, friends and families. These are the norm. Here, on what I've dubbed a Green Vegetated Hell I only know fear, you will only know fear. You will never see them, you will just hear them. You will never out run them, they will just catch you. You will never survive...they will just kill you. Your no Primal Hunter. You're the hunted. You will learn that or you will die. Its not you surviving, your already dead. They just haven't found you yet. Trust me. They will find you.From a survivor who is deadAlright guys, first things first. Yes this is an early access game, remember that. Always when buying such games. Lets get into this.For an early access game this game is in quite a good state and stands on very promising ground to deliver an exceptional title. I love my survival games and ones with dinosaurs, vast maps and huge forests just grab my attention. This is definitely the best survival dino game I've played. There is definitely limited content to the game atm. There are only three dinos in the game atm and as of this moment I'm still unable to play multiplayer. Depspite this, god I've had some fun. Yes that first little letter is some roleplaying but that is honestly my first experience in the game. I survived for quite a while, imo anyway lol. This game is very beautiful, absolutely huge and completely terrifying early on. You're so insignifcant its not funny. You're hopeless against their attacks so all you can do in sneak and slink around gathering supplies and creating an arsenal. So during this time you explore much of the terrain, see much of how the dinos act as you sit there and watch. You survive. Barely.So rather than blabbering I'll list some pros and cons.Pros/Awesome stuff:Dinosaurs...big onesHuge and I mean huge map that is intricately detailed and beautiful. Love it.Presence. This game has presence. It has atmosphere. You're so small and helpless and you know it. This is done through the environment, the detail of it all, the atmospheric sounds of you creeping through the bushes, the call of all the dinos and the terrifying attacks of the dinos.Tracking a wounded dino...pretty fun in such a hostile environment. Killing it is even better.Its muliplayer capability is huge, I can't wait to get into some games. To track a T-Rex with a team and take down such a beast, definitely looking forward to it.The fact that your not the hunter, your the hunted. Never forget that, everything can change instantly.The enormous potential this game has. Giant sauropods roaming through the forest, a stampede of herbivores as they are chased by a T-Rex, the potential is just endless.Theres more and I could go on but you get the idea.Cons:I think weapons are a little too weak. Shot a raptor 4 times in the head with a bow, didn't die. Five shots with a shotgun...this game isn't meant to be played solo, the damage is proportional for groups of players not solo players. Remember that always.Not too much to do atm. I don't see this as a con as this is early  access its to be expected but people need to be aware of the state of the game atm. You need to be informed of such a thing. Not much to atm BUT down the road, ♥♥♥♥ yea.The stamina system, your like a morbidly obese person. Can't run much and you can't run far. Needs to change. Trust me, if you had a T-Rex on your♥♥♥♥♥you'd make Usain Bolt look slow. Btw you can't outrun one lmaoThats all I really have a problem with if you could call it that. Just things that you WILL encounter and perhaps need some changing.Things I'd like to see though:More dinosCrafting of any sort. Weapons, backpacks, houses, !!TRAPS!!! like deadfall traps etc etc, would be cool.Ability to capture dinosaurs. Would be cool. To capture a dinosaur. On the island there is what used to be a base surrounded by wooden spikes with two towers...I'd make this place into a dino arena. Thats just me lolI'm unaware as to the variety of weapons available but perhaps a larger variety. Tranq guns, lmgs, flamethrowers.In the crafting systems have skinng possible, ability to use their carcasses.Yes I know this is a title from a company that makes hunting games, yet this game can be turned into something a little but more than a 'hunting' game. If that is simply the end game scope for this game, simply bagging kills then that would kill the game for me. It would be such an anti-climax. This game has huge potential. Please don't waste it."
76561197960461372,Recommended,322920,13397062,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Mr Furious,"Really fun....chasing down tricerops with a 12 g shotgun only to run into a T rex, I went down in glorious fashion.Hit detection seems really well done. I have killed a velociraptor with 1 arrow to the spine...I have also been killed by a raptor that I shot 5 times with arrows but just hit random spots...I like it.P.S. Dont go crazy with the shotgun once you get it....if there is a T rex around ....he will come running"
76561198010403528,Recommended,322920,13397182,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Zim,"Top Notch! This is the best dino game that has been out for years. It has incorperated the surival system into to it very nicely, it makes the sense of finding a cache or camp/settelment rewarding. The looting system is implemented very well making it easy to grab and run and the GPS tracker ""SettlerMate"" makes navigation and tracking a dream.The dinos are difficult to kill which they should be, tracking dinos is also very immersive due to the fact that you may find tracks from a different Utahraptor then the one your tracking, also dino could be tracking you at the same time (bloody T-Rex).The Map is huge as well which is amazing, a lot of room for tactics on the hunt. The landscape has a very unique feel to it with plenty of places to hide if being tracked. The plants are spot on and the dangerous plants add a glorious mechanic to the game.The Cons are you can't swim yet, the Dino AI needs a bit of work (got tons of pics of T-Rex smiling for his close ups). The pathfinding needs to be refined around obsticles and no real character customization at the moment. The sound of T-rex walking sounds like a drum not a dino stomping around.ALL IN ALL IT HAS ONLY JUST BEEN RELEASED SO HANG ON."
76561198118865273,Recommended,322920,13397435,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Mrdll,Need to have at least basic weapons. If you die you everything you had. I had to find a way out of the hunt because the game page quit fuctioning. Could see and hear but not move in any way. Great graphics. Also it's hard to get friends in or join a freinds game.
76561198017011843,Recommended,322920,13397642,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,calebgamerguy,"""Shoot her ... Shoot her!!!"" 10/10 clever girl experience"
,Recommended,322920,13397720,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Kano,"A lot of people are saying guns are underpowered, i have been instantly killing triceratopses with 1 bow shot to the heart, they aren't underpowered, you just ened to take in the fact that you need a good shot.PROS-Simulation of where the organs in dinosaurs are seems real-Guns seem very nice-The Camps are really good and useful with finding guns and equipment-Game is really enjoyable, if you dislike it just play with friends and hunt t-rexs, will make the game more funCONS-Sometimes if you are lying down and a t-rex comes to you it stands there until you kill it or disconnect and re connect-Game is a bit buggy (it's in EA to be expected)-Not enough diversity with dinos and guns (it's in EA to be expected)"
76561198065871305,Recommended,322920,13397998,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,dyran,"As a lover of TheHunter, I have to say I am dissapointed so far with this. TheHunter is a game that you can take slow, enjoy stalking prey and bring your own weapons to the field. What I loved about TheHunter is I can play by myself if I wish, and all I have to do if I need to pause game is bring up menu screen.... I understand during multiplayer this cannot happen BUT I do NOT play multiplayer. Being able to pause is very useful with a toddler and a baby in the house.Now my huge gripe... as I see so far, this game is totaly NOT solo friendly. I have played for hours, have found many backpacks and such to open, and all I get is a bow. I had a shotgun for 2 seconds before a Trex got me. So now all I have is a bow, and a couple arrows. First, after running around for 15 mins I see no dinos.... at all. The only animal that wont instantly attack me runs from me. I got a lung/heart shot on it with a bow and it ran a quarter of the map and never died, shot it two more times before I gave up. Doc would be ashamed! The second dino which I can kill, runs in packs..... and then the third dino all I see in desription is, dont hunt it alone..... So Tri/dont take down easy dont hunt alont, Raptor/runs in packs dont take along, Trex/dont take alone... I mean come on!!!Many other small issues so far, like arrows not combining when you find them. I still have yet to harvest my first kill... even with lung/heart shots... I just dont know..... I do however recomend TheHunter for people who like slow paced hunting games that are semi realistic."
,Recommended,322920,13398074,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[AE]Captain CryWank,Harder than Dark Souls.10/10 would be hunted again.
76561198128259102,Recommended,322920,13398153,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,lilweezy97123,the game looks good but for some reason they did ports and stuff you have to open and since im new to computers i dont know how to do that wish they would fix that so it would run like the hunter but it will probably be awhile so if you know how to do the ports get it it will be worth it but if not just wait hopefully they will fix it
,Recommended,322920,13398299,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,The 'Losh,"The graphics aren't the best, but there are some really stunning vistas and it has the potential to be something I'd play every day if they get the balance of the game right. If they take the focus off the player on player, and make it more about hunting the actual dinosaurs, I'll be alot happier. This is something I'd play alone, or with friends. I'm not into the whole Day Z experience, of working really hard on something then someone comes and robs all your hard earned stuff.If they add more dinosaurs, some herd based herbivores, and get some more survival aspects in there, this will be top notch. At the moment it is very unforgiving. You start with a bow and 5 arrows, which has not been enough for me to bag a raptor, as of yet. The problem with the raptor being the ""easy"" prey is that they travel in groups. Once they get some more dinos in, I will be more inclined to play.As of yet, I'd say hold off and wait for some much needed content, unless you want to jump on a populated server and run the risk of being camped by someone lacking thumbs."
,Recommended,322920,13398307,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,The Saltiest Lance,"Awesome game so far, nice aspect on survival, I wish swimming was an option but I know it's only an alpha so far so it's alright. Overall I love this game so far though"
76561197962059957,Recommended,322920,13398571,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Titanium,"So. Here it is, a game review I can actually be bothered typing out.TheHunter: Primal is an early access title, still in alpha. But, from the first couple of minutes I played in this game, a few things became clear:1. This had potential, A LOT of potential.2. It is suprisingly tense, you find yourself wandering through dark undergrowth straining to hear any sound of impending doom.3. I could play this for hours, with or without friends.4. Pricing is great for an early access.Ok, so they were just a couple of things I noticed, it is still very buggy, but the gameplay and atmosphere made me completely forget it was early access.Final Verdict: 10/10 - EPIC"
76561198063472469,Not Recommended,322920,16610853,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Slendy Man,"Game is overall nice. However for some reason, my game will not play any audio for the game. Even though the game is heavily dependant on sound, I was limited to only sight. nice game but more needs to be added. such as a starter weapon or some sort. More animales to be hunted on a larger map. now I would like to recomend this game to people however i cannot due to the possable audio error that I have. Paying $20 is not worth half the game. Either get a fix on this problem or watch the sales drop"
76561198015484326,Recommended,322920,14131116,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,zeroskado,"Do not buy this game, if you love running and gunning, spraying and praying as you go. This is a squat and stalk game. Ammo is scarce and you only get a primitive bow to begin with. Did I mention you spawn in bright yellow pajama's ?  That being said this game has more immersion than most. You get carried away in the great ambiance of the jungle. The sound is amazing. The first time you get surrounded by a pack of raptors, or hear the booming footfalls of the T-Rex as it approaches the bush you're cowering in and lets out a screen rattling roar. It's enough to get the adrenaline pumping through your veins. As you learn the subtle clues of what is in your area and where they went you actually feel as if you are hunting game that can hunt you back. There is great satisfaction in out witting a pack of raptors and coming away victorious .As far as still being in early release this is by far the best looking early release I've played yet. It already feels very polished and runs very smoothly. I honestly expected to spend a lot of time tweaking the graphics in order to get the best FPS. Yet this is not the case at all. It already has the feel of a properly optimized game. I have played big name games that felt way less polished. And the Dev's actually read your feedback and forum comments and not only respond but patch the game when something new they've put in makes the game not what the community wants. That is a first. Of all the early release games I've tested errr. uhm played this is the first where you feel the Dev's care about the players and aren't just rolling their eyes at us."
76561198167901223,Recommended,322920,13407166,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,BlindSeer,"This game is pretty darn awesome! I am sure, given some time, this will be a truly stellar hunting/survival game. The graphics are amazing, and the T-Rex is terrifying!"
,Not Recommended,322920,15551250,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Hitler,This Game Is Trash
76561198144717408,Recommended,322920,14312500,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Veroz,"I liked this game but it is not as good as it could have been this is what the game needs.Crafting.velociraptors, trex and utahraptors should hunt triceratopsutahraptors,  should be scared of trexadd ankelosaur it should have much health and much damage and trex whould hunt it.add more flying reptails(like pteranodon)add water creaturesadd more dinos(like ankylosauros with much health)add more biomes(like desert and artic)Predators should hunt herbivores and some should be scared by bigger dinosaurs and some herbivores should be scared of some predators and such.Multiple types of each dinosaur.Veachicles(like boats,submarines,cars,armored cars or trucks,some sort of planes and such.)Nicknames in teams.More weapons.npc hunters/settlers.story(and ability to win)maybe different eras(like ice age and other dinosaur eras)way bigger map.islands.dinosaur fights(like trexes that fight each other.Natives that live on primal eden.A super dinosaur. A dinosaur that has been made in abs in primal eden from the time manny humans lived there... Tyranosaurus Deus a mix of all dinosaurs and with the brain of a human that there is only one of. Score would be atleast 1 bilion. This would be a challenge and have all of the best trait of each dinosaur and maybe also become invisible and blend into each enviroment but it would be a little visible also all dinos would be afraid of it and it woudld be atleast 20 meter. Even trex would run when this 10 ton beast would walk and the earth would shake.Please add this stuff.I still like it but as i said it could be way better."
76561198041978737,Recommended,322920,13408030,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,NearHero,"Got lost in the woods, found t rex, tried to hide like tree, he ate my pee pee. 10/10 would walk again"
76561198001178300,Recommended,322920,13383975,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Emperor Smart StarPants,"a realy fun and hard game, i've had lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants moments. a friend of mine got in to trubble with some raptors and screamed for help so i ran to him but as i got there i found out i had even more raptors on my back then he had. once i had 2 t-rexs looking for me and 2 friends they walked from one of us to the next one we all died in the end. my best tip to give so far look behinde you."
,Recommended,322920,13384197,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DasBootyWarrior,My god this game makes my heart race so intense at times especially with no voice and just the ingame sound (Watch dem puddles) 10/10 would shoot a rex with a bow and die.
,Recommended,322920,13446589,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,50ShadesofIcedTea (Musician),"Never before have I felt the excitement of seeing a T-rex with friends and crapping our collective pants when we realized our bows and .308 marksman rifles weren't doing any damage and only served to♥♥♥♥♥♥it off, you can all see where that went.Buy this game, it's super fun if you like hunting dinosaurs with friends!"
76561197970534289,Recommended,322920,13448620,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Major,"Been playing   ""TheHunter"" for 2 plus years and really enjoy the visuals, the world here is so large, why not have a game where the Hunter becomes the Hunted? TheHunter- Primal has been talked about in the Community (us) and the Devs really stand with their gamers to make changes, answer tickets , which is how Primal came about.Primal, I believe will develop into a very interesting game. It plays for me, very good in Early Access and I can't wait to see what the Devs design to be in this Jurassic Park. What gets me, in the Game, we have forrests that will creep you out. The ambient sounds of calls and general life in these areas say ""Rator Country"".AThe vastness in the open fields is awesome! Ye, weapons are a problem, and T-Rex needs works(hard to Kill)  things like this are to be expected at this level.  Looking foward with developing the world of Primal."
76561198111938920,Not Recommended,322920,15345072,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,calchrissmallman,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! It is terrible!!!
76561198142562362,Not Recommended,322920,15281825,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,metaldango,this game is terrible you move slower than s*** and for a 2 second period then it takes five minutes to regain your run abillity i found one dinosaur  and played for about an hour waist of money  waist of time and waist disc space do not buy im mad at myself for spending money on this should have bought witcher 3
76561198036824929,Not Recommended,322920,15229375,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Giant|2obot,"Hunt, Explore, Survive? More like Die to invulnerable dinos, Wander aroudn the same area, and have zero threat or challenge untill a flying trex comes down a mountain and lands on your face. A quick push out of a game, cheaply done in a VERY small amount of time, the EA lasted like four months in total, theres only 5 types of dinosaur in the game. There is zero ""surviving"" in this game, you just run around with weapons and either die to a dino, or kill it. There is no hunger, no building, no crafting, no traps, thers NOTHING! The amount of bugs is insane, flying Trex, yeah seems legit to me. I cant believe this company is pulling this and I will never support them again. There is no ♥♥♥♥ing content in this game, you wander around an island and shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥at dinosaurs who kill you 9/10 times because of zero balance, AND THATS ALL THERE IS TO DO. They promised it was P2P and that there wouldnt be subs or micro transactions, thats because they planned on releasing a half done game and calling it done, and then releasing weapons and dino DLC packs to once again nickle and dime their ♥♥♥♥ing customers, what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke I cant believe I fell for this scam."
76561198106559739,Recommended,322920,15230524,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,StonedWanderer,AMAZING
76561198163572407,Not Recommended,322920,16162884,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,danielnewmanfc,"The games is very long, hard and time consuming"
76561197984548831,Recommended,322920,13793986,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Wicasawakan,"Fun for a while.Pro's:- It's truly terrifying when a Trex is standing right over you and you're lying down in some bushes or a pack of Raptors are circling your hiding place and all you have is 5 arrows.- The general foliage graphics-wise is not bad at all but there's a LOT of reused graphics over and over.- I've seen the creature designs from other dino games which were awful but they put some effort into these 3 dino's. The Raptors look a little different from each other but they're still raptors.- Water: The water graphics looked pretty clear and you make small waves when you walk through water.Cons:- I am sick and tired of being spawned right in the middle of a pack of raptors or a Trex is only 40 yards away. As soon as you try to leave the area, they magically know you're there. Even if you DO get out of their line of sight, they know exactly where you stopped to hide and will NEVER leave the area. You have to hope you can low crawl forever through some bushes but guess what? Even if they couldn't see you, they will follow you to the end of the earth. In other words, you either jump off a cliff and die or they kill you as soon as you try to run.- It's you against EVERYTHING. By that I mean, if you have 1-2 Raptors hanging outside the tree that you're hiding in and a Trex comes around, they will both team up to find you. The Trex doesn't scare off the Raptors.- No melee weapons.- You could walk right up the side of a fallen tree but a small rock stops you from walking forward.- No jump. As in..you can't jump up onto rocks or up cliff edges to get away from Raptors. If you can go there, so can they.Need:- Tree blinds or the ability to climb trees for a better vantage or better attack angle on smaller dino's.- Jump- Melee attack weapons- More types of dino's- Caves along cliffs and along the coast for hiding or shelter.- campfires for cooking meat taken from dino's to eat for health.- A damage/fear limit for the dino's. If you hurt one enough, they will run away but in reality, if you put an arrow directly into a Trex's eye, it should run off for a short time for you to get away.Conclusion:It was fun for a couple days but after killing multiple raptors and my 2nd Trex, it got boring."
76561198150031494,Not Recommended,322920,16725724,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,14-1,You could pay $30.00 for a walking simulator or get another game like Ark or DayZ
,Not Recommended,322920,23697821,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Lupin K,"I played this game long enough to know that it is slow, quiet, and boring. That's really only ever been fun in minecraft, not in a game that seems to be built around killing dinosaurs."
,Not Recommended,322920,13422630,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Alpha Llama,THIS GAME HASa immersive game worldsuperb graphicsgreat soundnice gameplaygreat creature modelsBUT THIS GAME DESPERATELY NEEDSa easier way to get into multiplayer games with friendsand less crashing whilst in games that are in progressSome community as well as player servers. Be wary all people buying this game thatall player multiplay servers die / cease to be when the player who created the server leaves the game. Not good when you have put a lot of time into a game on a server. There is no game save or save on items found.players need a way to traverse water to waist height or ability to swim in the water.What is the point of water if it acts like a wall ?a better way to obtain and maybe craft some weaponscraftable camps or shelters to heal and hideor just to be safe and chat with fellow playersbinoculars > obvious reasonssome sort of shop > but make it like team fortress and not a complete rip off like the hunter isif this game goes the way the hunter did i will neg the review instantly.more clothing wandering around in a bright yellow t shirt and half length french pantaloons spolis the mood / immersion. Also everyone right now in game seems to be wearing the same....dullMaybe some sort of save of some achieved game items. Whats the point in joining a server then building up a weapon arsenal only for the person who created the server to decide to take the server down resulting in you losing everything ? You then have to start from the very beginning again on a new server. Its frustrating and not your fault when this happens. But it feels like you are being penalised.More Dinosaurs. There arent many at the moment
76561198031668780,Not Recommended,322920,20945336,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Lee_Dassin,"I want to love this game, I love these type of realistic hunting games. But while the dinosaurs are impressive and the world large there is just something not fun about having to search for weapons in order to hunt. A hunting game that you do not get weapons and cannot even punch to defend yourself while you search. I am not sure if there is a pattern but I have spent large amounts of time in the game looking for the tools needed to actually hunt. When I play a hunting game I want to search for animals, not the weapons."
76561198157261203,Recommended,322920,22076714,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Gamer58,Great game love it !!!Love dino games. realy good graphics awsome dinos.I highly recomend this game. Ecspeilly to players who like survival and dino games.Jesus loves Jesus saves !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,322920,22531819,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,01010001 01010001,No just no....
,Not Recommended,322920,20332890,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,julih,great actiom and good for people who like thrilling games but in my opinion too much walking.
76561198188731462,Not Recommended,322920,20103710,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Grimm,It Looked Way Cooler On The Video
,Not Recommended,322920,16705733,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SpiffyChrist,"Great concept, poor execution.. This game just really isnt worth the price tag.There really is no point to this game other than showing how the devs can animate models of dinosaurs. Thats it really."
,Recommended,322920,21343477,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[CG] Serenity,"Really fun game, I can't wait to see how they continue to develop it.  I am just about to buy a third copy for my friend, because this game is really fun for parties and whatnot."
76561198271979233,Recommended,322920,31107517,Posted: 12 April,all,Icecold,Get mauled by dinosaurs and never succeed.
76561198256129224,Recommended,322920,30936601,Posted: 3 April,all,it be me,it still does not save money items or levels!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198044921757,Recommended,322920,30978136,Posted: 6 April,all,willybepop,"Love the game. It's a simple game. You're a slave sent down to eradicate the primal life forms on a deserted planet. There are five different dinosaurs that will actively hunt you. You must go from base to base acquiring guns, ammo, and supplies.My wife and I play this game all the time. We have a blast teaming up on the dinosaurs."
,Recommended,322920,31119495,Posted: 13 April,all,cheesecake,"bought the game when it was in alpha, its years better now so why not (but it is more expensive so yeah (/_-)"
76561198170225229,Not Recommended,322920,28269361,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,MoonLight,"This game can be fun at first. if you have the right items.  but the carry capacity is terrible and i had so much items and sunglasses with infinite carry capacity so i was okay. i joined a few sessions and i still had all that. but i just a session a bit later. and i lost so much of my stuff for no reason. it was just gone. so many bugs but the devs dont even bother with this game anymore. it had so much potential. sadly. this game was more fun, ejoyable and it had Less bugs when it was in early access. very sad."
,Recommended,322920,26837090,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ᖫⓓⓘⓖⓘⓣⓨᖭ,killed it
,Recommended,322920,23092392,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,NegativeVortex,Scary stuff.
76561198073508337,Not Recommended,322920,29188496,Posted: 11 January,all,slare9,"i find this game extreamly fun i played for a while and got to lvl 34 and banked about 400kG's however since the january 10th update the game glitched and deleveled me all the way to lvl 1 and deleted my cash and on top of that my equipment, me personally im gana continue playing because i really enjoy the game but i wouldnt recommend this game since it basically made me waste 105 hours of my life with its sloppy buggy mess and i wouldnt want it happening to u too... i mean, unless ur into that >_>..."
76561198126359939,Recommended,322920,20040674,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Professor Bacon,"If you like hardcore survival, Tropical based games, this is for you."
,Recommended,322920,13597018,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BrokenMarrow,Graphics are a bit bugged but it's an ok game.
76561198158541856,Recommended,322920,14044689,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,SirPengwin,This game truly has so much potential! But the lag and connectivity issues... If those problems would be solved this could become a very fun game. If any of you devolopers happen to read this please fix your servers and monitor over them on the weekend. BTW This game is worth the buy if your into dinosaurs-hunting-being scared-or just killing things.
76561198117813979,Not Recommended,322920,17086195,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Name is Chef,Ehhh
,Recommended,322920,15147823,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Bigfoot4684,Do u get the full version if you have already bought early access?
,Recommended,322920,13404013,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Grand Admiral Augustus,"I have really high hopes for this game. Its been to long sonce a good Dinosaur hunting game. I think Carnivores was the last series thatw as damn good.But remember THIS IS EARLY ACCESS. ITS NOT ANYWHERE NEAR FINISHED.There are only 3 species of dinosaurs as of now, but Im sure they will add more.The sounds are amazing, and for an early access game, it looks stunning.I saw a Tyrannosaur walking in teh distance, and its model flowed smoothly. I enjoyed seeing it.I kinda wish the Carnivores would go after the Herbivores. Would make it a bit more realistic.Over all, I enjoy this game and I hope it gets the updates it needs to become the spiritual sucessor to Carnovores."
76561198096109244,Not Recommended,322920,15238721,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TheFirstGun,"I'm not much of a review guy but I'll give this a go, and sorry in advance for a very crappy reviewWhen I first saw this game I fell in love instantly, and seeing as it was an early access game I ignored most of its flaws. I won't lie, I enjoyed it a lot the first few hours. But as fast as I heard about the so called ""full release"" I lost hope completely. I mean it's pretty clear that it's an unfinished game lacking a ton of content. Sure we can expect that glitches and bugs will get fixed in future updates but if they have no plans of future content such as survival aspects and new dinosaurs I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198121299567,Not Recommended,322920,15239639,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,bloodyxenomorph,I want my money back
76561198089662210,Not Recommended,322920,15240187,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rugops,"This game has to be seen to be believed it is nothing more than a total piece of crap, this is no more than  expansive worlds trying to make a quick buck of the back of  TheHunter with this glitch ridden tripe i was one of plobably many suckers stupid enough to part with  hard earned cash for what i can only say is a half arsed attempt at a  dinosaur hunting game  5 dinos 5 guns a totaly useless machete and off coure what every dino hunter couldn`t life without a bow and arrow , now to the glitches  which are to many to name  flying reptile that have no problems flyng through trees,walls  etc floating dinosaurs the list goes on. 2/10"
76561198178072133,Recommended,322920,16164418,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ratedt4life,"Its a big map,maybe they should put dinosaurs."
76561198015647838,Recommended,322920,16166019,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Kenalk,it has dinosaurs.
,Recommended,322920,15226443,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,2abreys,My friend spent an hour hunting for dinosaurs the only thing he found was my poo.10/10 will hunt again.
76561198366972075,Recommended,322920,33589386,Posted: 16 July,all,FirstLast,so cool game killing dinosaurs remember to shoot them in the heart on the trex the heart is between the arms and if you shoot him in the right spot you can kill him with 2 basic arrows. triceratops is harder to kill shoot him next to the eye with something like marksman rifle and he's down . oh and if you are new in the game there is running with 'C' you can change it in Options/Keyboard but bad thing is that you can't jump you can climb rocks or glitch dinosaurs in them . in the beginnig of the game i was scared from the music but when i did my first kill of utahraptor i was not scared anymore it's more fun when you play with friends . good luck hunter .
76561198168034547,Recommended,322920,13783608,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,staggerlee,"A Great Game and I am looking forword for the FULL Game UpDate coming soon, :>)"
,Not Recommended,322920,24798826,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DjBoom,Not at all what I Expected...
,Recommended,322920,15225439,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Major Brighton,"3 of 5 starsI have played their first hunter game and so was easily drawn to this idea/version too.+ side; great base idea, nice vegitation, lighting, weather, great size to map and a good dollop of atmousphere thats rare to find in a game. Sounds are very well done as are the animations of the animals. Weapons are of a high standard as normally expected from their games.- Not enough variation in the landscape with open grassland then jungle again, also needs more animals, weather and undergrouth variation, fog would be good fun for example. Weard short little messages that you find are badly written and do not make much sense at all. The T-Rex is a bit small in my opinion.Yet they will come with more content and they listen to the players.Yep, would recommend the experience esspecially with freinds, yet would wait for more content before buying it."
76561198058901691,Recommended,322920,15148269,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mayor Mc Muffin of Muffinton,"you are not a hunter you are being hunted, its like 80 good"
,Recommended,322920,15286104,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kurtz,"Great dinosaur hunting simulation. This game is the best Dinosaur themed game currently on Steam.Pros:*Huge island to explore with lots of places to go and plenty of things to see and do*Realistic weapon physics with bullet drop*Very fun co-op with other people*There are no trolls, hackers or spammers online*No real money micro-transactions. Everything can be brought for in-game currency*No hunger meters or any DayZ-like hardcore survival junkCons:*Light on content, only 6 weapons to use and about 5 dinosaurs to hunt, hopefully the devs will add more in the coming months*Only two gameplay modes, PVP and Non-PVP, hopefully devs will add a Battle Royale-like mode or team base objective modes.*Lack of dedicated servers*In-game map always needs to be re-mapped every time you die and respawn. Why can't map progressed be saved?*Some dinosaurs take ridiculous amounts of shots and act like a bullet sponge before they die, unsure whether this is a good or bad thing but it can be annoying when you are playing by yourself."
76561198098298659,Recommended,322920,15499865,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,TheSleepingInsomniac,"I love this game, so glad it didn't become another "" The Stomping Land"" Just buy it, stop reading reviews and just buy the damn game."
76561198063994870,Not Recommended,322920,15623650,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TheRealDirtyDan,.DEVS DO NOT CARE ONE BIT. DONT BUY IT . What a joke.
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,322920,28919904,Posted: 1 January,all,pvinnitsky,"boring, no action, waste of time"
,Not Recommended,322920,13534854,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Weng,"Game used to be good, then they made it so you have to earn a bow in game instead of starting with it, instead you get this s h i t machete which can't kill anything so you never have enough points to buy anything. This game was good, not anymore."
76561198112202645,Not Recommended,322920,17797942,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,isaiah dokter CSGOGem.com,ok first the graphics i thought they were great but if i knew how to send a picture it would be terible graphics and bearly any dinos and buildings
,Recommended,322920,16582921,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,Look at my hours. They speak for the review. That is mainly COOP hours.All I have to say is look at my screenshots and my dozens of Youtube videos to get your own opinion.I still recommend it at any price.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLX4p-_9SVg9Pbhj4s6clnlWUcfF87f84rSo this is almost a year later than my first review when I was a super noob. What do I say? I still say it is worth playing and going through all your achievements. If you don't pvp and need someone to kill to get them then just ask me and when I have time I will help you get those too. This is a hunting simulator. It is for patient and mature minded people but anyone can have fun if they just opren their minds and have fun with it.I think it is $9.99 now. That game is well worth the price. There are games that are selling for more that are utter crap and this is not one of them. If you take notice to what detail is in the game then yo would certainly appreciate it more. Did you notice the T-Rex has a tounge and licks his snout occasionally? That is detail they did not have to put in. If you have a low spec machine it will run like it is a low spec game. That is not the game's fault. It is made for a higher spec PC and gaming lap-top. Happy hunting !!!Happy Hunting !!!
76561198079101369,Recommended,322920,21893819,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Thyy,its fun some times. cant remember when the last up date was  yes/no
76561198030907776,Recommended,322920,15401940,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Lucy,"I think all the harsh claims about 'unrealism' are little over exaggerated.  You are trying to hunt a dinosaur for goodness sake! (Maybe all these 'realism' people are too used to hunting defenseless Bambi's in real life who don't fight or hunt back?)This isn't Kansas, Dorothy! Quit crying ""Lions and tigers and bears! Oh my!""My only complaint is the allowing of people who don't make the kill get experience by harvesting without some sort of permission system.. too many groups are made to exploit this flaw.It's a nice gaming concept and if this is too 'early access' as some whine about, it's only going to get more refined and enjoyable."
76561198211618916,Recommended,322920,15422092,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,TheWildCat201,the game refuses to launch -_-
,Not Recommended,322920,30386524,Posted: 7 March,all,☠ Skull ☠,"They could have really had something here, i really wish this game was more like TheHunter with dinos rather than it being more like DayZ with Dinos. Now if you want a hunting game with dinosaurs in it i'd recommend ""Carnivours Dinosaur hunter: Reborn"" that is how this game should have been, but with a lot of detail like TheHunter series is known for."
76561198132641059,Recommended,322920,14152512,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,JarHead,"The hunter primal many words can describe this game but i would like to point out 1 that has this game in 1 word, catastrophic not in a bad way. this game is in early access and has its bugs but when this game works it a catasrphic it has dinos running around killing u killing other people and to be honest .......... I LOVE IT catastrophic is the word because that is how the game is intended to play like EX: this is u starting u hear the faint cherp of something thinking it might be a bird u sprint to were the gps located a base about 4000 meters away u have nothing to fear if this is like the other the hunter game were u dont see a thing for about six hours and then some how it disapears then u should be fine, but its not at all like the other the hunter it is 100X quicker with spotting something. now u hear a growl u hope its ambient but its not so u are cowaring in ur own crap waiting for this moster to stroll off, well it smells u and it is hungry its been hunting all day and the most its gotten was a cricket so it is going to follow u and hunt u till its dead or u are. so u finallly decide ima person i am smart i should be able to kill it, then u step out to find 6 raptors waiting, yep ur screwed  better get back in the tree trunk u were just in ohhh wait they now know ur hiding spot and have found and have killed u now they will have a delisous dinner. next u respawn only theres a  peson next to u they say they want to team and u do and that person leads u to bases u had no idea about so now ur geared in noble hunting clothes and have a shotgun with tons of ammo and a elephant gun(the .700 rifle) and are ready to take on the world of eden, well the world of eden it already knows u want to kill a rex so whats better then to give u 3 ahhhhhh this is ur first time seeing 3 rexes so u hide ur buddy on the other hand runs and lewers 2 of em away ahh theres 1 just there u know u want to so  u shoot this bahemeth of a liizard and realize it gonna take a few shots so u shoot it 1nce more and u hope it goes down but ur luck has run out. u imbasol i shot it in the foot twice and its only 80 meters from u so u pull out ur shotgun in hopes u can make it run away,remember how ur a bad shot well u still are u miss 6 times and u die u rage wuit and realise that game is amazingly catastrophic in the endAs i said before this game is catastrophice at the end this stroy might not happen the same way u might get killed by something else but eventually u will die and it will be a major death that makes u rage quitI recomend this to all who have patience like fps games and like sitting in there own feases (jk on the feases part) but i will say dont buy it now unless u cant resist wait for the next update when they add there 4th dino"
76561198071896897,Recommended,322920,13699923,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,▲|Davemont,1.Started Game2. Joined server with 16 people3. Took in the view4. Got a closer look5. Fell off the mountain for 1 min straight breaking every bone in body6. Spawned again7. Found a new friend8. Said he would take me to the Dinos he has been tracking8 1/2.  Walked for a long time9. Heard stomping10. Saw T-Rex11.T-Rex saw me12. Was yelled at to crouch and stop running away.13. T-Rex came close14. 2nd T-Rex no one saw was not buying me playing dead15. Got Eaten shook in his mouth and launched 30 feet off of another mountainWill let my new friend take me to my death again
,Recommended,322920,31128771,Posted: 13 April,all,Andre,Devs please read. This game is great and already has a decent amount of players playing it and i'd like it to stay like that so yall should add like add one tiny thing to this like a weapon or something or a feature to bring some players back into this.
,Recommended,322920,18328369,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,🐾Rock_The_Wolf🐾,Good Game...
,Recommended,322920,13409776,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,ThisThing,"Has been playing this game most of the day now. If you like a realistic hunting game with dinosaurs, then you will like this. It looks good and has the right atmosphere, that make u feel that u are there. It also makes you sneak around a lot. The ""cons"" in this game, seems to be minor bugs that will be fixed anyway and the ""pros"" has already been mentioned. As soon (and they will) as more life is put into the game, I can't ask for more. Here is what I to see:1. That species roam specific areas, that are realistic to them. So you don't meet the same all over the map.2. I hope to see some function, that makes you feel you have an objective. Like to hunt a specific dino or with a certain weapon.3. Veteran or Alpha dinosaurs, with a nickname. Killing this is like killing a boss. It has to be rare. (1 per server).4. Hunger/Thirst/Temperature/Wounds <- Else it is not a survival.5. Dinosaurs has to be affected by other dinosaurs. A raptor has to flee from a T-rex. Triceratops from all carnivores and so on.6. Meaningless critters and insects. I know they're there, but we need more. The more life, the better the feeling.7. Herbivores that is just there for the viewing and gigantic size, like Diplodocus or such.8. The ability to make shelter, a fire and roast the meat, that u also has to be able to harvest. <- I know this one might sound a bit far fetched, but that would really upgrade everything and give u a purpose for the hunt.9. The simple ability to JUMP! Even if it has no purpose, but the psychological feeling of having that freedom really boosts the gaming experience. Imagine if you didn't have the ability to reload (like in old games), but by giving u the option to suddenly choose and reload at the right time, changes the game a lot. So a simple jump would do.I can't really say anything bad, as all my need has been fulfilled, even in alpha. The above is just hopes and wishes. The negative stuff I can say is just bugs that will be fixed anyway. I have waited since childhood for someone to make a god damn game like this, and now I have it!"
76561198199713438,Recommended,322920,33976634,Posted: 2 August,all,B3$T|A,"Gra jest super, ale jest  jednak pewien problem który mi mega przeszkadza chodzi ci o to.że jeśli zdobędę jakieś rzeczy albo je kupie to po wyjściu z gry i ponownym włączeniu trace wszystkie przedmioty jeśli ktoś wie o co chodzi proszę o komentarz"
76561198145034351,Not Recommended,322920,16833575,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ndog197,total rip off from the game hunter (if you ever played hunter) (a game bout hunting deer and other animals) they ripped a big chunk of that and put it on this game you can tell because  #1 both defalt weapons couldnt kill a ♥♥♥♥ing living thing if you were 5 inchs away from it will ur mussle of the rifle agnest its head in hunter and same goes for this game you could shoot a ♥♥♥♥ing storm of arrows at somthing at the dino would just look at u like ''really ♥♥♥♥♥''. #2 it looks like somthing from a tom cruse movie gay♥♥♥♥♥space man meets dinos this game doesnt desrve to b on steam
76561198011725605,Recommended,322920,24661813,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,╰☆JoppE☆╮,"Fun game, creepy whene the trex walks past :D"
,Not Recommended,322920,24814063,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Gdrom,This game is a scam. The game been released with not updates done and the developers have left  the game unfinished and abandoned.
76561198033487605,Not Recommended,322920,25041622,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,finimyster32,"Game does not work, error code 103741819; the game cannot boot up properly.  Windows 10 PC and the program crashes at startup.  Apparently the developers gave up on this game.  Therefore, anyone looking to buy this game should give up on that quest and not taake the risk.  It IS a great game, which makes it utterly annoying that you get far and you cannot play, unexpectedly.  Very disappointed."
76561198169101485,Recommended,322920,27518323,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Top2BottomGaming,i love this game so much i believe if they add alot more dinosaurs and make trexs let common maybe this would be a great game protip:always watch your back and keep your eyes open
,Recommended,322920,35470467,Posted: 4 October,all,Mr.PH,Great game!
,Recommended,322920,27775024,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sapper0Six,Love theHunter: Primal!  It is a lot of walking but that makes it fun and exciting because you never know what you will find.
76561198332974402,Recommended,322920,35401617,Posted: 1 October,all,Meliodas,10/10
76561198047310176,Recommended,322920,35257488,Posted: 28 September,all,Mr Ghid,"Recommended...BUT BUYER BEWARE!!!This game is kind of a hard one to review. Personally, I really enjoy it, faults and all. However, for many, those faults (understandably) would kill this game instantly. Do I recommend it? Yes, as long as the buyer knows a few things beforehand so that they can make an educated decision as to whether or not this game is worth their time and money.Just a disclaimer, I'm not going to talk about the game itself (other reviewers have done much better than I ever could), just let everyone know what issues they may have to face going into the game.I'm just going to get it out of the way from the start. The other reviewers speak the truth. The devs really have abandoned this game (they did post one or two patches a few months ago, but they did nothing for the game and the devs have been infuriatingly silent to customer complaints). In other words, the issues this game has seem to be here to stay. The biggest hang up for most people is the broken save system. The game is designed to save a player's equipment, health and general location between servers (which is nice because players can be in game for as long as they want, leave, and continue on when they feel like it with no loss). Sounds great right? The problem is that, since the last few updates, the save hasn't worked meaning that, no matter how many hours you spent in the game and progress you might have made, every time you come back you are reduced to the starter equipment and spawned at the same stupid beach. In other words, you would need to stay on for hours on end just to get to the point where you could kill some of hte larder dinosaurs only to lose it all as soon as you close the game. The fact that an issue like this is in a game that is on full release and that the devs know full well about it and are doing little/nothing to fix it is completely unacceptable.HOWEVER (and this is a big deal) players have found ways that this problem can be fixed. It's a bit of a pain but it does fix the problem (if you want to check it out, go to *** FIX FOR LEVEL 1 / NO ITEMS / NO MONEY *** in the discussions by Dumbfounded Polymath). It would be ideal that the devs do it themselves, but at least players who really enjoy the good aspects of the game can get it to work properly. And there is a lot to like here.In conclusion, this is a great game held back by a horrific flaw. The save system. Again, with a couple of minutes work on the part of the buyer, it is fixable (hence the only reason that I can recommend it) but the fact that it exists at all is unacceptable. Do I recommend it....yes...as long as the customer knows what they're getting themselves. My advice would be to watch some gameplay on youtube to get a feel for the game and its mechanics and decide if it looks like something you could really get into. If yes, the fix is pretty simple and you will be able to enjoy a truly fantastic and unique experience for reasonable price. If you're on the fence about it, though, odds are it isn't worth it."
76561197971766980,Recommended,322920,13377374,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,leongt1954,"So far I've died 3 time, Twice by those dam Raptor things and the third I fell in the water and drowned but I love the game it's quite a change to have to sneak around looking for weapons and stuff and not get killed in the process  than just running around and shooting every thing that moves like a lot of people are doing these day with The Hunter just to get their Hunter score up"
,Not Recommended,322920,16327684,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,HK,"Purchased game on sale. Installed game. Hit play, PC completely shut down. OK, rebooted it. Verifiyed game, run game, click play, PC shut down. Uninstall, request for a refund.I'm not one to take any game that shuts down my PC automatically. Valuble data can be lost that way and it can screw up my system. I have more than the required specs to run this game, with ease.OS Name:Microsoft Windows 7 Home PremiumVersion:6.1.7601 Service Pack 1 Build 7601System Model:Gateway	FX6860System Type:x64-based PCProcessor:Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-2600 CPU @ 3.40GHz, 3401 Mhz, 4 Core(s), 8 Logical Processor(s)Turbo Boost & Hyperthreading8 GB DDR3 RAM(expandable to 32.0 GiB)MSI R9 270 Series GDDR5 2GBVramAMD 14.12 DriversMonitor:AOC 20"" 1600 x 900  16:9Purchase it if you want to but, I can't recommend this game to anyone. The developers have already stated that this game is of no priority to them so, that speaks for itself."
76561198153816997,Recommended,322920,15189827,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sjlv3r,Great game i have so much fun when ever i play this. It has now become a challenge since full release but i'm sure with more patches and constant comments and updating this game will be just as fun as when i first played KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
,Recommended,322920,15193964,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Spynnr,"♥♥♥♥ the haters, I like this.I get to run around on an island with mother♥♥♥♥ing DINOSAURS.What's not to like?"
,Not Recommended,322920,14037813,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Diet Sausage,"Until there's a means to play an offline, singleplayer game I really wouldn't recommend this.  Though access to the internet is not a problem for me, I am not a fan of purchasing a game and then being unable to play it because an update breaks the ability for the game to connect, or similar nonsense.The concept is awesome, and the gameplay itself, while it can be improved, would be good enough in my opinion to warrant the price, provided what I said above wasn't an issue.  Currently there is no true single player game here, as you are still required to connect to a server even when playing in a world confined to one participant.  Connection loss is a real pain because apparently, things like supplies and items' positions are dictated server-side, meaning while you may end up reconnecting to the game should the connection falter, whatever items were in your immediate vicinity (like, for instance, a crate of supplies I spent a good 30 minutes trying to get to) will disappear.Hopefully updates come along which enable more consistent play.  As it stands I am too frustrated with losing my sense of progression to keep playing."
,Recommended,322920,13380239,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AZDriver,"Day #1I find myself on what appears to be a very hostile planet. Equipped with only a bow and a few arrows I set foot to search this strange planet.What was that? Sounded like a growl... Impossible... Raptor?But I only have a bow surely this is too weak, I must make a break for the lab! Good maybe I will find something stronger to take out this Raptor and claim my spot as king of this inhospitable planet.Great game, has some what of a story to it, fun to explore, would be even better with your friends. Being early access there is lots more features to come, you won't be disappointed."
76561198071176002,Recommended,322920,13467492,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Fudger,"Any kid that wrote a negative review about this game because its not done yet or anything is just a real♥♥♥♥♥.. this game is awesome and a real hunter game , if you havent played Thehunter itself you would have probably wrote negative cause you SUCK at hunting realistic . COD noobs just expect its hardcore dino slaughtering like Primal carnage or Orion . its not. its patient and realistic hunting with realistic movements , i must admit tthere are a few bugs in the game but they will be fixed! and if u say 5 dinosaurs is not enough? your crazy just absolutely crazy and probably havent even killed  1 dinosaur bigger then the velociraptor yet.So this game is AWESOME , ignore all the bad and negative reviews"
76561198065841303,Not Recommended,322920,16235461,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Sapperism,"Was a great game. It has a lot of potential but sadly the developers have in a way abandoned the game to work on their ""flagship game"". I would not reccomend buying this (not at the moment anyway) untill the game is fully completed and or the developers continue to work on it. The game its self is also not what it states it is (survival game hunting dinosours). Good game IDEA with HUGE POTENTIAL but bad developers."
76561198174976631,Recommended,322920,14539156,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Delano(Grande paizão),Purdy Game!
76561198053284468,Not Recommended,322920,15984260,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gwenievre,"Was looking for a dinosaur-themed game to tide me over until the hype of Jurassic World would get some more dinosaur games going. I liked the premise of this game and finally convinced myself to download it, hoping it would fulfill the dinosaur-hunting void in my life. I played this game for about 6 hours before finally rage-quitting. I found the game very frustrating. At times I would be insta-chomped by a tyrannosaurus or pack of utahraptors without any chance of using my weapons In other lives I would be running away like crazy or staring down at a weak little velociraptor thinking about how nice it would be if I had ammunition and could therefore kill the dinosaur before it killed me. The ability to go back to your death-location and recover your weapons was nice, except that the game's respawn point was so far away from where you needed to go. The five minute walk to recover your weapons felt like an hour.All I wanted in this game was to kill dinosaurs. I couldn't care less about the ""survival"" aspect of the game. I finally did kill some utah raptors and velociraptors, but the amount of effort I was putting was not worth the reward. I thought about recruiting my boyfriend to play with me, but with the size of the map and the spawn points and death-respawn and all, there is no way we could have physically gotten close enough to each other to play cooperatively.If you want a dinosaur-themed game, invest $1 into Orion:Prelude and satisfy your dinosaur-killing urges. And now the trailers for ARK:Survival have come out and I am now in counting down the days until I get to kill dinosaurs AND ride them."
76561198218986520,Recommended,322920,25292818,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,raptor878,"This game is like no other i know of and this is because these dinos have to see ,smell, or hear you to be able to come after you"
76561198214591108,Recommended,322920,16090389,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,lanceghenry13,I think the game is good but their should be a mouse sensitivity
,Not Recommended,322920,15245252,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Alasthors,"Hello everyone i will do my first review in steam JUST BECOSE I LOVE THE GAME AND PLEASE DEVS READ THIS, btw i wouldnt recomend anybody to buy the game  cuz its not money worthing and also 4 me and some friends STILLS IN ALPHA  and its FAR FAR AWAAAAY 2 BE FINISHEDDEVS PLEASE READ THIS, i really like the nice job and the concept cuz reminds me of a old game i use to play like this one, i loved it when u added the machete and the raptor beheavior with rexes, when u  added the store, the 13 languages and the velociraptors u guys  was doing an excelent job, but nowadays... ALL ITS A CRAP... u guys know the game  have a bunch of glitches and  IM PRETTY SURE THAT ALL EARLY ACCES TESTERS WHO GAVE U FEEDBACK WOULD LIKE AN FREE DLC OR  AT LEAST ANYTHING... cuz  devs please... just a "" Thank u for all the feedback""   ?????????  i mean whats the diference between us and the new players????? we didnt get anything unique or something??????   DONT BE SOOO FREAKIN  TIGHT  F F S !if  anyone played the firsts months when utahs were green  and only 3 dinos, u could see some hardworking devs , they were fixing some glitches and bugs, also adding some dinosaur beheavior like utahs running when a t rex were near( i can say i lived to tell that , LOL IM ALIVE  but my character died haha)   i was inside a tree shooting utahs and them all of them ran away,,, hear the stomp and said♥♥♥♥♥♥IM DEATH !, but  it was  a Amazing surprise cuz didnt read the patch notes at that time, u use to hear the rex roar at distances, now i cant or maybe they are glitchet!,Rexes seems to be the most quiet dinosaur on game now.... cuz u only hear his stomping.... utahs were DEADLY AND I MEAN DEADLY, now they are so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dumb, thats okey 4 me cuz  i can farm them , but sometimes it feels like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ boring and no challenge at all like the beginning in the first months,  they are adding content without fixing all the previus content so it seems like they are HUNGRY FOR MONEY  they are working fast but with low quality of the product ,  long long long time ago they were working a bit slow but  giving us a nice experience of the game...  DEVS  F F SAKE  fix the game and if ur going to make it a full release START FIXING ALL THE GLITCHES ! and sorry for any grammar mistakes .  english  isnt my mother language"
76561198087939259,Recommended,322920,15187597,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,kfeatherhen,The game is verry good but its anoying especily the quetzalcoatlus that dinasoar makes me want to smash my computer evrytime i see it
,Recommended,322920,14885464,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jmh1000,This game literally makes you feel like you are on Site B in Jurassic Park. The most intense Ai i've ever faced.
,Recommended,322920,13384446,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,goka9696,Pretty hard
76561197980745851,Not Recommended,322920,16031511,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,iambiggus,"Meh.  Logged in, ran around, got eaten.  Logged back in, ran around, got eaten.  Quit.  First time in years that I actually rage quit out of a game.Beautiful graphics, great looking dino's, not-so-fun game.Fun for a few minutes, but I wouldn't buy it again."
,Not Recommended,322920,14194938,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ElectricSparky,PLEASE BALANCE THE GAME. YOU CAN'T START WITH A FREAKING BOW THAT WON'T DO ANY DAMAGE! PLEASE BALANCE THIS!
,Not Recommended,322920,25868855,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Skas100,horrible
,Not Recommended,322920,31679445,Posted: 11 May,all,Brother Salsa,Cant recommend.
76561198061966178,Recommended,322920,15941855,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Black Man In A Tub Of Doughnuts,I do like this game but i have a few issues with the game1. give us something better than a machete2. fix the spawn. I cant tell you how many times i have spawned in right in front of an Utahraptor3. add a difficulty setting. Make it so i can spawn a world with just one type of dino or something along those lines. to me the game seems way to hard. i have rage quite a lot one time i was tracking a trycaratops i had droped to like 10% health and out of no where a pterodactyl came and took me away. I get the game is supposed to be hard but make it so if i just want to go track and kill some dinos with out fear of getting swooped up or gang banged by Utahraptor i can it would make the game alot more enjoyable for people like me4. This one i just an idea add a crafting system and base building i think that would be cool5. This is another idea for the people how think the game is to ease add a food and water bar you have to keep upthanks for letting me vent i hope to think about some of those ideas :)Also 7.3-10 would recommend
,Not Recommended,322920,15014539,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,pog champion 8923,♥♥♥♥♥geme ))
,Not Recommended,322920,14927246,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,MrRepeatz,"this game is compleate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the moment you run into a trex you unload all you have(which is expected) but you return to get your stuff and resume tring to kill the trex and guess what not one not two but three trex's, so you die over and over even afterr giving up hope on getting your items you are greated by nothing but trexs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. i know this game is stil alpha so it still needs MAJOR impovements.      kthe point is dont buy this untill its compleately finished(but who knows when that will be most alpha games now  take a yeasr minimum to be finished if not in beta)"
76561198027805722,Not Recommended,322920,15068772,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,TEH RoBMEIzDA,"At first, I saw this game and thought of how much fun The Hunter would be if I didnt have to download child porn and viruses in order to get money. I got it. Now when I think of this game, I think of how much fun it would be to have spent my money on literally anything other than this trash"
76561198108232301,Recommended,322920,15182829,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,savage babies cause 9/11,I KILL A TREX 10/10                   I DIE FROM 10 RAPTORS 10/10    I INVITE MY FRIEND AND WE DIE AGAIN 10/10 look if you are looking for a fun dino hunting game this is for you !!!!
76561197962517036,Recommended,322920,15208566,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,SpiritFly,"Ok So everyone who first plays this game is like ... What the hell don't have money, what should i do, been dropped here with just an ilmprovised machete, ... wth a dinosaure hit hime twice and die, ...Well yeah thats the start, soon youll be wandering for 45KM thats like 5 hours play, encountering many raptors, big ones small ones, and managing to kill one, even with that machete,The game is good.I havn't encountered many bugs. but i was glad that some where there, seeing a Trex unable to eat you is a lovely sight.after a few kills youre getting somewhere the game rewards youre persistent and touches youre sense for adventure by placing some points of intrests with good loot with makes you want to climb that vulcano ;) and die.Try it youll like it."
,Not Recommended,322920,16202416,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,TexasHaveMercy,Hot garbage
76561198073885471,Not Recommended,322920,15194231,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Fletcher5051,"If anyone is thinking about buying this game, DONT. Biggest waste of money EVER. You spawn with a bow and arrow, and run around aimlessly hoping to find a rifle or something, only to get repetitively mauled by a T-Rex over and over. The T-Rex is so prevalent, you can't even achieve anything. Actually, THERE IS NOTHING TO ACHIEVE AT ALL. Its pointless. The ""PvP"" is awfully made and so is this game. 1/10."
76561198015929491,Not Recommended,322920,15195012,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Groggy Gorilla,You can safely add this game to an already full list of unfinished products released on Steam even after having been in Early Access. Do not waste your money on this.
,Recommended,322920,19172062,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ChristosK,"For me the game is fine, I haven't encountered any gamebreaking bugs so far and I don't know why everyone is hating the devs for abandoning the game.Could it be better with more dinos to hunt, more weapons and accesories? Sure it could updates are always welcome.Is it abandoned in an unplayable state?  Hell no, it is very fun and delivers what I expect from a hunting game."
,Not Recommended,322920,14860799,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,BassO,"So, some devs got drunk, talked about how bored they were working on TheHunter for three years straight and came up with an idea to make the hunters the hunted. Laughs were had, someone drew a T-Rex on a napkin and here we are. What was on the napkin is now executed: You can use all the mechanics from TheHunter to make your way across a jungle island. But once you find something it will kill you, instead of the other way around. And that's all there is to it. You just wander through the endless green, trying to find gear, and then you die. And again. And again. There is no story arc, no greater goal to aspire to, nothing much else to do.If you like the scenery and the hunting, try TheHunter. If you like the survival aspect, try Rust. If you want to be two years ahead of a possible release of a dino hunting game, jump into the repetetive vegetation of Primal. And die. And die. And die."
76561198275998809,Not Recommended,322920,29595913,Posted: 30 January,all,Travis,had high hopes for this game.....what can i say.......man this game is terrible
76561198042785562,Not Recommended,322920,16275826,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Greg,"Hi there Fellow gamers, I bought this game as early access and it was worthing for that but now its supposed to be a complete ""game"" and this game is buggy as hell. Now i am 40 lvl  playing always solo i just pick up a shotgun and start to clear the map from ""dinos"" its that easy, i do die from fall dmg to buy shells and keep that going. They never  gona fix this game as they said that they would focus at their other game the hunter (like i care). As for new content don't make me laugh they don't plan to do so."
,Not Recommended,322920,16260412,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,corri,nearly impossibloe. do not buy
76561198072436485,Recommended,322920,25360612,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Unicorn Madness,Its fun and exciting but really hard that makes ita great game.
,Recommended,322920,13383363,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Chris Anderson,"Nice graphics, great sound effects, and an interesting tracking system. Shooting mechanics on this game are realistic, but I think the bow and arrows need a little bit of work.The gameplay is pretty immersive. I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants after a T-rex quickly snuck up on me while I was trying to get loot from a storage crate. I really enjoyed the time I've spent on this game so far. I've been waiting for years for another game like carnivores (except improved greatly), and I really think this game has the potential to fill the gap in the market for a quality dinosaur survival/hunting game.Since this is an early release, there aren't many dinosaurs to hunt, and there are just a few graphic glitches that I've come across. A save option (or a hive that saves your gear/progress like DayZ) would be great, and I'm sure they'll implement something like that in the time to come.I hope this game gets more publicity and traction in the gaming community because this game would be very fun to play with/against larger groups of people."
,Not Recommended,322920,15818309,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Bubble_boy aka Takezo_batya,Most frustrating game I ever played.  It takes forever to build up an arsenal of weapons and camouflage gear and you can lose it all in a second.  Killing the dinos is next to impossible.  Great graphics.  The environment is immersive but frustration levels are at an all-time high.  F it.  I'll waste my time w something else.
76561198077353952,Not Recommended,322920,15677130,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Osyn,no
,Not Recommended,322920,21633822,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,BlakeM114,"give me a refund, i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this boring♥♥♥♥♥game, ♥♥♥♥ you"
76561198040556988,Not Recommended,322920,16535332,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,joe,Great Idea. Poor execution.
,Not Recommended,322920,15456068,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,hawk2099,"i think its trying to go more towards the pay to win style of the regular hunter i liked the game better in beta, dont buy it, you die every 5 seconds and you can barrely find any loot -6/9 IGN"
,Not Recommended,322920,18413514,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Choo Choo,Terrible Game. Dont buy it.
76561197996448657,Recommended,322920,15209486,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Der Schmuck,"This game is incredible, I can't believe these neg reviews!  The world is beautiful and immersive, which is part of what made theHunter fantastic in the first place.  It keeps that therapeutic hunting feel, while throwing in the added intensity of everything trying to kill you."
76561198191978335,Recommended,322920,23929240,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rexkiller,i love the game but i feel like it should have a sandbox version
76561198079629691,Not Recommended,322920,15210646,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Solid Snake,"The graphics are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't move around without being killed by a Utahraptor or T-Rex because the graphics make the trees and grass streached and obsure my vision, I was happy with the graphics and was happy with the game.. Now i'm thinking that it was a waste of my money."
,Not Recommended,322920,16215267,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ryot,do not buy.
76561198188329397,Not Recommended,322920,17328340,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,DODO,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME  IT SUCK
76561198061976069,Not Recommended,322920,16870610,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Thiago Limão,"Please don`t buy this game. There is nothing to do there but die. 5 diferent dinossaurs, about five weapons, a lot of walking to find a weapon and then you die. And star over. Terrible."
,Not Recommended,322920,16133912,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Luram,Nah... the ark is just going to wipe this game..releasing today
76561198093520091,Not Recommended,322920,15630165,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,James,DONT BUY THIS SHITY GAME
76561198132797974,Not Recommended,322920,15901352,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Genghis Khunt,They banned me because of my name...Like skyrim with bans- IGN
,Not Recommended,322920,16541144,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Liindauzz,bad :( spent all my money on crap:(
76561198183884883,Recommended,322920,14895248,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[-friendly-] QU,我是  台灣  玩家  對於  冒險遊戲 我 很熱愛給予建議可以提升垂降能力(懸崖峭壁)游泳能力(海上游泳)恐龍種類(不要只有4種)製作能力:砍木頭做 箭座標用小紅點，可以增加不只有一個方便標記用天氣變化系統:可以不要說變就變：可以先 慢慢 起風  在開始 下雨 後來在  狂風暴雨手語系統:可以增加更多手語。這樣就算不同國家也可以用手語交談
,Not Recommended,322920,16546223,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,FuckEA,"This game is just aweful. Imagine DayZ with dinosaurs, cool right? Wrong, this game is just so poorly put together it is unbelievable. You start the game off landed on some ""Primal"" planet. You are given no objective, all you are given is a crap machete and a thumb drive or something. This thumb drive gives you the location of something... sometimes. Honestley I don't know what its for; sometimes it gives a location sometimes it doesn't, its emotional I don't know. So your ""goal"" I assume is to hunt things, judging by the way THATS THE NAME OF THE GAME! But all they give you is this crap machete that does♥♥♥♥♥♥for damage and drains your stamina. OH, did I mention theres stamina; this takes longer to regen then stamina in Darksouls. There is this huge map but it is impossible to explore because you move slower then the snail that won worlds slowest snail! It isn't like that matters anyways because by the time you get anywhere something will have found you and killed you. These Dinosaurs have more spatial awareness then you as a player could ever hope for. I know what you're thinking, ""But that's more realistic!"" ONE: What are you a paleontologist or a time traveler how do you know how dinosaurs work, and TWO: That's fine, but you can have that if you give your player nothing to defend themselves with. There are weapons, I assume, I only found one gun and bullets for others. Just like in DayZ you have to just wander until you find something, the differance is that in DayZ there are clear locations that suggest loot. Here it's just strait RNG, maybe you'll fine a box out in the middle of nowhere, maybe you wont. Maybe you do find something, it most likely won't have any weapons, just ammo to taunt you. I guess there are like bases that have a better chance of finding something but I could only find one. It's not like it matters that you find anything because guess what as soon as you die, you guessed it, you lose everything. Equipment, ammo, guns, rocks (oh yeah you collect rocks too, I don't know) and map progress... sometimes. I honestly do not know, sometimes you lose your map progression sometimes you don't and there's the random areas that are just reviled. There is a credits system that gives you money for killing dinos, but you never can use it because you can never kill anything. This just feels like the Taco Bell equivalent of a game, they just gave up. There is a game here, somewhere, but it just feels like they had an idea and then immediately just went “meh”. It feels more like an early access game, then most early access games do. This doesn't feel like theHunter it feels more like thePrey.TL;DR: It's like DayZ with dinos, only s**t."
,Not Recommended,322920,14968202,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,"Fun hunting game, but you end up hunting ammo most of the time. There is a shop, but only accessable on death and it costs a ton so you can only gear up with top tier stuff so often. When things glitch and you get tons of free ammo, it's fun. When you actually have to travel around hunting ammo instead of dinos, it's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥Can't recommend a game that's only fun when it's glitched."
,Not Recommended,322920,21122136,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,justinlee,this game could of been so much better if they only put the work into it
76561198125396979,Not Recommended,322920,15197245,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Pokemon Master,"I absolutely loved the game until the release, as u can see i have many recorded hours of game play but truly the release has beyond killed the game, you will find ammo and guns 2 expensive 2 continulessly defending yourself apon the mosh pit of the dinos, you will find pvp no one plays bc of how damn hard it is 2 get and keep gus, ontop of all that they release a bull♥♥♥♥♥♥Flying dino with 1 shot, in all respect dont waste time or money in playing this game it will surely die soon bc of these new effects, surely i will not return 2 the game untill guns/ ammo prices are greatly reduced or ammo spawning being legitimate for pvp servers as i i normally played was pvp which currently now is impossible via player base and ammo scarcity bc of the price and rarity. it was a good game but now is dead 2 me in all aspects of the word, sorry the truth hurts, and im sorry i talked many of my irl and game friend community 2 waste their money on it"
76561198148721531,Not Recommended,322920,15194841,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,I_AM_DARTH_VADER,This game could of been fun but there is to many things wrong with it.  there is way to many dinos in some area and none in other parts. you try to hunt a dino and the dino runs up a hill and you use the tracks for tracking it and you will never see it again no matter how long you track it. if i could give this game away for free i would.
76561198119557315,Not Recommended,322920,15178395,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,JCJ150,"Dont buy it, it sucks"
76561197981441664,Not Recommended,322920,21905853,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,will this game ever get an update?
,Recommended,322920,15171887,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,tomcat,They fixed the birds I kind of liked the thrill of moving from treeline to treeline and dodging the birds out in the open will make it easier to hunt now that they stay primarily around the volcano.
,Recommended,322920,19770381,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,The Nameless King,"It needs more content, and i think a little more love from the developers, as this could be an incredible version of thehunter, if they add more dinos, and more equipment this game will become much much more.As it is now, i do still reccomend it, im a big fan of both thehunter and primal, and this is an amazing game to play."
76561198006461823,Recommended,322920,15171439,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,anubis/swe,this game is hard you hav to sneak all over the plase and you hav no wepons in the beginig witch means ul die alot
76561198064397067,Recommended,322920,15231560,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,XExarKunX,"decent game if you like dinos. wish it was more on the hunting side than survival but oh well. i honestly havnt ran into too many bugs since it released. has enough content imo. if they added too many more dinos it would be to crowded.i do see people wanting more herbivores but why add something that you will have to run down to kill unless you have a high end gun? the game seems fairly balanced atm with what dinosaurs are here already. the only few cons i can see with this game is the running and massive land mass thats here,its pretty annoying and takes forever to get anywhere.the 2nd problem i have is how they did the store/weapon unlocks. you start at level 1 and for each dinosaur you kill you get  EXP and some money. the first gun is unlocked at level 10 and every 10 levels after that you pretty much unlock guns/ammo/clothing. anyways when you buy these items they are put inot the supply drop as you spawn but heres the problem you start with a machete and you have to find weapons or manage to find and kill velociraptors with that and then you could always buy the bow/arrows for semi larger stuff.anyways you have to kill stuff to maintain a decent inventory because if you blow your cash and go out and die then you can try to recalim what was lost but if you cant then you wasted money. its a decent system IF they would have allowed you to actually start off with a gun/ammo and have fun hunting, but alas i suppose thats why its more a ""survival game"" than a hunter game.im only recommneding this because of dinosaurs and its a fun game to kill time in. and they did a decent job with this as opposed to that terrible other hunting game they put out lol."
76561198109593141,Not Recommended,322920,19504924,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,lmancina,Boring as ♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,322920,15177148,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,sjames02,&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%i personaly love this game and have played a butt LOAD but i have a few sugestionsi would like to see a few more adinos and a SURVIVAL aspect to the gamealso i would love to see more varyations and actions taken by the dinos in there enviroment (ex. t-rex it hunting a triceratops when player desturbs it.) that would be nice mabye even you developers could expand a map and add some new fetures like abandoned TOWNS or somethuing i would just like to see more ADDVERCITY.p.s. i love what yall are doing at avalanche studios and expancive worlds and all u developers keep it up i look forward to seeing more thanks%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
76561198022056851,Recommended,322920,15175399,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,The Big Dirt Nasty,"Instead of everyone complaining, I have some helpful things to say about the game. I would just like to state that first, the Q's can easily be killed, I killed one in one shot, they can easily be avoided and dodged too, and with the newest update they aren't really a problem anymore, but when you find them still a threat. I think this game could be huge if you update it lots and prove everyone wrong about it. The quality of the scenery is amazing, the sounds are too, there's birds and butterflies flying around, at night it's really sketchy and different, there's crazy storms that happen. I'm a big fan of this game and I have a few suggestions that I think other people will like. Definitely add the ability to swim and jump... those are pretty basic skills for people who just dropped in on pods. I also think you should add crafting, such as traps, and cutting wood, it would be so scary to try and harvest wood sometimes when you need to and who drops into this environment with no survival skills am i right? I feel as if there is a low field of vision, like you can't see dinos farther than a certain distance which makes no sense when you should be able to see them. I'm not sure why none of the dinosaurs attack each other, but I think it would cool if say a T-rex ate a Triceratops, and then after little raptors come in for a meal, because they're scavengers. I'm sure you're working on a lot of things already, but if you aren't I would like to see more guns, and silenced ones, maybe a stash for your items and overall deeper character and skill customization and possibly some vehicles or something cool. Being in a storm made me feel like there should be natural disasters, such as a tsunami, hurricane, or especially a volcanic eruption! But OVERALL, the number 1 thing that I would like to see ASAP, is more dinosaurs because I feel as if I don't run into as many dinosaurs as I normally would like to. Plus that there is literally 5 dinosaurs right now, the T-rex,velociraptor,Utahraptor,triceratops and the Quetzalcoatlus. You should add more flying reptiles and aquatic dino's such as the Spinosaurus, and maybe the Crocodile. I realize that you can only place dino's that are in the same time era but I have some suggestions for some must have's. The Pachycephalosaurus, Ankylosaurus, Stegasaurus, Brontosaurus and Pentaceratops. A few more random ones I would like are The Giant Sloth, Allosaurus, Iguanodon, Pachyrhinosaurus, Herrerasaurus, Scipionyx, also some omnivores such as the Abrictosaurus, Avimimus, and the Chirostenotes.Now I feel like if you guys updated a lot, and you see what I mean by these paragraphs, that this could be a game everyone loves. But if you flop on it like everyone thinks, someone else will take this awesome idea and make money off it. I'm sure everyone would love if you kept us posted on upcoming updates or things you're working on. Much love and thanks for the read, sincerely an avid fan!"
76561198022296391,Not Recommended,322920,30036511,Posted: 19 February,all,MacAttack,"$9.99 I can almost recommend this game, but not all the way.  Let me explain.  The environment has been done supurbly.  The foilage could be adapted for any vietnam shooter, the rain, the weather in general is awesome.  The sound effects are top notch.  Very few games can claim to have audio like theHunter: Primal.  I bought this in early access, and at that time, i gave it 5/5 stars, it seemed brilliant before its release, and I couldn't wait for the rest to be added into the code.  But with a very few additions of dino quantity, and no real improvement in dino graphics, this game still falls short of its potential.When you think of a dino world, you do think about the Jurassic Park type of world.  You think about valleys teaming with duck bill dinos, brontos, stegosaurs, all sorts of herbavors (sorry about the spelling) - everywhere you look....with the meateaters hiding in the foilage ready to ambush you at any turn.  This game has about 6 dinos now, all of them, with the exception of the triceritops wants to eat you....and they are all in their predictable locations.  When you do find one, there is no wind or scent type of system, so, they can't smell you.  They just rummage around until they get close to you.  Or you sneak up on them.Getting back to the graphics, the dinos seem to be in about 10 angles of the 3D spectrum.  Meaning you will see them at 90 degrees, and they turn toward you and the graphics will jump to 45 degrees and then 0 degrees heading toward you, so they really never refined the smooth transitions of the dinos.  It's still in the pre-release stages.  I found this frustrating, but if you read the review from other of the developers game, not surprising.  Updates are few, and now only to stop a bug or few.  So, I've given up hope of anymore dino additions or improvements.For this reason, I am resubmitting my review to a mediocre 5/10 stars.  Yes, there is fun to be had, multiplayer can be fun if you have a team that works together, so, it's not all that bad and a $9.99 price right now, is about where it should be."
,Not Recommended,322920,30030769,Posted: 19 February,all,Nillers,Just no.
,Not Recommended,322920,16223820,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Bellesaurus rex  🐲,Game that promised so much yet just looks pretty in the end. Talk about a regretful one night stand of a game.
,Not Recommended,322920,16282395,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Baracktopus,"After having tried out The Hunter, and finding it to be wholly unsatisfying with its pay to hunt system, I took to The Hunter: Primal. At first the game seemed to have its core player in mind with prommosed content and no in game puchases to speak of. Throughout its development however, the development team has done little to stay ahead of the abusive douping and scripting undertaken by a portion of the player base. These issues made it impossible to play on public servers whereupon the need for a private lobby was pramount to actually enjoying the game with friends.It saddens me that this game is being, for all intensive purposes, abandoned shortly after its official release. I hope that this does not become a trend in game development where the content is shunted after its faithful beta supporters were made so many promisses."
76561198130372795,Not Recommended,322920,25121879,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ohsnap6,this is a fun game that manny enjoy but i can't give this a positive despite how much i love the game.THE GAME IS DEAD ..... (if youre ok with that then welcome aboard and i hope you have fun)pro tip aim between the trexes arms and use buckshot for raptor and the  quets
,Recommended,322920,22643884,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ramonicus007 CSGOUPGRADES.COM,pu8t veichles more weapons and more dinos
76561198197364778,Recommended,322920,17029570,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,GingaNinjaAttacks,This game has is very tough and the Dinos AI's are amazing. I find it was well worth the investment and have enjoyed playing it so dar.
76561198141726872,Not Recommended,322920,16546318,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pally Wal,"I couldnt even make it an hour, what a waste of dinos!"
76561198063974525,Not Recommended,322920,16547127,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MooseMan,'most realistic'
,Recommended,322920,15179698,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,F R I E N D,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ It made it out of Early Access10/10  Would rate again
,Not Recommended,322920,13998133,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Bee,"This game is fascinating, and by far the best game I've played, but it gets boring get quite fast. If the original  ""TheHunter"" was not a subscription  based game, I would play it, and it is a bit misleading, since itspecificallysays,""Hunt - Explore - Survive The most realistic prehistoric survival game ever created. Featuring a huge Jurassic environment populated by horrifying all-stars such as T-Rex, Triceratops, Utahraptor."" I misread it as you can be the dinosaur, but my mistake.And personally, I would have preferred more dinosaurs and a chance to BECOME the animal, but more or less, very interesting game.  This game isn't really for dinosaur  enthusiasts, since you are killing your 'precious' children, but more for the people who dream of slugging a raptor in the head.:::ALSO:::I do know this is a early access game, but I still, completely, believe the creators may make it a micro transactions surrounded games, which will make me extremely angry if they do so. PLEASE, LISTEN TO AL EAST HALF OF US, SINCE WE CAN HELP YOU!"
76561198139948675,Recommended,322920,13400994,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Kexart,This game is very detailed and its stunning in overall so far.i hope you add building or crafting inside this gameKeep up the good work guys
76561198117760631,Recommended,322920,21044861,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ngek,Screw the T-rex !
76561198058470391,Not Recommended,322920,17465468,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,HE:LLO.,give me my money back this game is poo
76561198018723183,Recommended,322920,14191484,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,oneshotguy,can you add a dlc or a pack evry time you spawn you get a random weapon and the ammo for that weapon
,Recommended,322920,15053991,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,McLovin,"The night before this review was written I was playing TheHunter:Primal.I was in the jungle and I heard the calls of three raptors, I killed them with my trusty shotgun which I'd had for almost a week now. Then Two raptors came at me from the front of me and two from behind. I ran and hid in a tree trunk-cave thingy and soon the four raptors were running around the tree like a game of duck, duck, goose. After about 1min I tried to shoot one of the raptors, failed and that shot attracted another 2 raptors. I was pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed as I had only one shot left in my gun.As all hope seemed lost two players on a nearby hill started spraying bullets at the utahs. After they had killed two I drew out my rusty, homemade matchete and got out my phone and youtubed the Lord of the Rings 'Battle of the Black Gate speech'. I then yelled 'FOR VICTORY' in real life, charged out of my cave and........ died.If you buy this game then you will have alot of adventures and stories to tell about.P.S NEEDS MORE DINOSAURS (maybe a crocdile that spawns in lakes and beaches and pretends to be a log until a player gets close and it strikes?)"
,Recommended,322920,15162044,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,oivest,"Enjoyed this games for 100s of hours from the first days of early access. Some problems at launch but I am sure they will fix those issues very soon, just like they have with all the patches through the early days.Already know I'm gonna spend countless more hours in this game, and fully recommend it to other people."
76561198154559172,Recommended,322920,15181614,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ThisGuyIsLuke,"Well, this game... It has potential...but not yet. It needs some bug and animation fixes and more content.First of all there are the pros and cons.Pros+ Beautiful landscapes.+ Lot's of active players.+ Guns and ammo are easily found across the map and can be bought with in-game gold.+ Tons of tensionfull moments as a carnivore charges at you. Will this be the last shot?+ The tension when you're hiding from a Rex and it stares at your hiding place.+ One-shot kills are possible and very rewarding.+ Realistic anatomy system with the heart being the weak spot.+ Raptor packs have an actual leader and if killed the raptor will flee.+ Dinosaur rarity system:Green = CommonRed = UncommonBlack = RareCons- Animations look stiff and robotic.- Quetzalcoatlus' are very annoying and can fly trough obstacles like trees and moutains.- Very buggy at some times.- Kickhappy hosts.- High penalty for death as your stuff will be lost and has to be retrieved at the point of death.- Dinosaurs WILL sneak up on you only to kill you and guard your stuff....FOREVER.- Lack of carnivore - herbivore balance. Only 1 herbivore to 3 carnivores isn't a very realistic balance.- Game has a pricetag not matching the content in it.- Same engine as the Hunter but not pay to play (phew)Now some of the things the game needs:1. Herbivores, lot's of herbivores. At least 2 more2. Being able to buy guns and other items like health canisters at the settlemates found at settlements.3. A jump key, space being the logical option.4. Being able to create a shelter to store items and stay during night-time to hide from dino's5. A food and water bar showing you when you need to eat/drink again. If it would go empty it would slowly start damaging you, water running out faster than food and running out would deal damage faster. Water will automatically regenerate when going in the water (fast), automatically while it's raining (slowly) and by waterbottles that can be found in crates which you can drink by putting them in the item slot and clicking and holding the mouse button to drink it empty (you can stop drinking anytime to keep water stores. Now the food ca be found in crates as fruit, chocolate/protien bars, crisps etc. You can kill dino's and harvesting them can get meat to eat. Here's a list of meat values:Velociraptor regenerate 10% Veloci Nuggets? Rex Donalds?Utahraptors regenerate  20% Utah Sausage? Tastes great with mustard and ketchup?Quetzalcoatlus regenerate 30% Quetzal Wings? Extra hot sauce?Triceratops regenerate 50% Triceratops Steak? Rare?Tyrannosaurus Rex' regenerate 100% Rex Burger? No pickles and onion?Also being able to make fire that damages the player and dinosaurs would be interesting, increasing regeneration with 10%?These are just my thougt. I hope the developers take the time to read this trough and use some of these ideas in the game, that would be awesome :DI hope you enjoyed reading this trough as it took fairly long to write this. I'll edit this review with any new updates and patches coming. You can check out my profile and YouTube channel:ThisGuyIsLuke                I hope you enjoy the videos, and you like them and subscribe for more contenthttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW-UHxrK5FeTxxxM1ShTVKw?view_as=publicLuke signing off :D"
,Recommended,322920,15157205,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Exprodigy,"I know the games official release has recieved a lot of flak for the bugs and the new flying dinosaur, but even with these things the game is still massively fun. This has to be the best dinosaur game I have EVER played. Not many games can do it like this game does. The game shifts from survival/horror as you start out with only a machete and have to defend yourself against raptors and other predators. Then it shifts to hunting/adventure as you find more weapons and start to hunt your first dinos. Then finally, once you think you are the most experienced player in the game, you get killed by a T-Rex or a Pterasaur or maybe even a ambitous pack of hungry Velociraptors. And you shift back into survival horror as you hide from the monsters that lurk in the jungle.I agree the game is FAR from finished and I think they should have stayed in pre-release for at least another month, but the truth is if you love dinosaurs, you will love this game.I bought this game 3 days ago and I've already clocked over 24 hrs into it. It is rediculusly addictive and atmospheric.Verdict:6/10 - Gameplay10/10 - Replayability Value9/10 - ImmersionIs it fun? Is it worth $25.00?Yes."
76561198162932981,Recommended,322920,25843691,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,graham4370,it wont let me play its an infinite loadind can sommbody help
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,322920,24129048,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Crisis,this game was promising when I first played it.but good loot is hard to come by.I an not recomend it.
,Recommended,322920,15146243,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,|SGC| Stavka5,"It mix survival and hunting in a online PvE (with PvP option) world. Realy awesome game, with amazing graphics and very immersive, like the previous game from the same company ""the Hunter""."
76561198148567985,Recommended,322920,18062859,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,A Boat,Its a great game if u like dinos but it has a really big price tag (-_-) but i love dinos graphics look good so i got it. It is fun right when i got in i killed a utahraptor with a bow XD and devs utahraptors are alot bigger than that.
76561198033358173,Recommended,322920,13469789,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MrBlumpkin,"If like theHunter and were a fan of the old Dino hunting game Carnivores then you will love this game!!!3 Dinos so far; Tryannosaurus Rex, Utahraptors, and the peaceful Triceratops.5 weapons; The bow, .308 Rifle, 12 GA pump-action shotgun, .44 Handgun, and the devastating double-barrel .700 Rifle.With 9.3 sq. miles of playable area you'll spend countless hours exploring and checking out every inch of this gorgeous world.All and all, for an Early Access game this is really well put together. There's hardly any hardcore bugs in this as well. For $20 you aren't dumping out a lot of money and with such a successful dev team this game will be moving along fast! (after the dev's Christmas vacation of course). Oh and it highly encourages team-play. No one likes going out against ferocious dinos alone ya know?And if you want someone who knows the ropes to come hunting with you feel free to add me if you decide to purchase :) I'll gladly help get you familiar with the game."
76561198116963819,Not Recommended,322920,21196468,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DreadJaeger,This game is rubbish literally rubbish
76561198046525109,Not Recommended,322920,20516699,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Daedric,Kinda Boring and too Easy
76561198143701979,Not Recommended,322920,19749146,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Frišn kruh,it's a fun game to play solo or with friends.but its a shame that devs. dont suport the game any more cuze they are ♥♥♥♥ing idiots lazy ♥♥♥♥s.Yes they say we are working on bugs.............yes you are working on ♥♥♥♥ing bugs for 8months my bruder would fix those bugs faster and he has 8 years.   and the dinosaure are acting like they are ♥♥♥♥ing stuped with no legs wtf. its a great game but not for this price oly buy if on sale mybe -50%but ofc it wont hapen cuz they want make more money with a buged game.They rather suport THE HUNTER .yes its free but its pay to win  you ned to ♥♥♥♥ing buy some pases so you can iwen kill/hunt animals ♥♥♥♥ off devs.
,Recommended,322920,30665406,Posted: 22 March,all,Etroner_8797,This game is really good. every one should try it espeially in multiplayer mode. each time you play it adrenaline pumps through you. only disadvantage is that there are only 5 species of dinos only if there could me be more in future. Hope the devolopers improve the game other than that its loads of fun
76561198370819142,Recommended,322920,30743935,Posted: 25 March,all,Crowbar,Nice game for the money! Worth playing. A work in progress!
76561198156837151,Recommended,322920,21560121,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,jshthssn50,Pretty fun game. Needs more dinosaurs.
76561198045274037,Not Recommended,322920,17061023,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Stormyvill,I want my money back
76561198049281152,Not Recommended,322920,21436024,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Jðkêr,Waste of MoneyDon't even attempt
,Not Recommended,322920,28282877,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,www.eric800,terrible
,Not Recommended,322920,16282374,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kerkuil Geoglossum,"This game started out really good.  Then the Devs stopped updating it.I give Hunter Primal a 4/10  It is promising but it lacks optimization.  It also lacks content.  You could buy this game then run around hunting for 1.5 hours and get a refund of the game without missing anything at all.  The Devs are terrible,  They promise one thing then they deliver another completely unrelated thing.To sum this game up.   Broken Promises."
76561198169996293,Not Recommended,322920,14587940,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,cglaiven,Pros:Pretty great graphics for early acces.Has a good concept.Dinosaurs look pretty good for an early acces.Cons:Takes to many bullets just to kill a Utahraptor.Weapons are way to hard to find.Dinosaurs are extremely hard to find.Lots of glitches but thats not much of a problem since early acces.Only 3 types of Dinosaurs for such a gigantic world.Sprint button only lasts for like 10 seconds and takes about 30 to regenarate-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------About the first 10 minutes of playing the game i was already bored out of my mind because there is literally like no dinosaurs. After about 16 minutes into the game i finally here what seems like a Utahraptor. Turns out there is more than one and for me being alone with only a bow of course i died. That obviosly wouldnt have happened probably if i was with friends. 30 minutes in the game i finally find my first gun. But with no bullets. 40 minutes in i find 6 bullets out of 4 crates i check. As i was getting the ammo i see the ground shaking and then stop. i click out my inventory to see a T Rex right behind me somehow not noticing. I go prone and try to crawl away and it kills me.I know this game will be really fun after a couple updates. I suggest you not get it right now but surely in a few months
76561198026723644,Not Recommended,322920,14589131,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,V00D004U,"Can't jump. Can't run for more than 10 seconds. Very very very slow view/mouse cursor sensitivity. (I had to turn my in game sensitivity up all the way, still not satisfying) Finding a mushroom(recovering health) is like winning the lottery, except half the time you don't even need them. No melee attacks at all. I haven't even found a gun after an hour of running (walking) around this giant empty island. You find a package(random supplies) every 5-10 min of traveling, sometimes even longer. Raptors DESTROY you if you run into a pack. There is no escaping with this horrible stamina bar. They expect you to stop moving and sit there for 10 seconds while your stamina recharges... even while you already have a raptor chewing on your a$$... what is that about? You suggest hiding in bushes and trees.. never works. Never even came across a T-rex. I heard a Triceratops, but it was surrounded by 5 raptors that thought I was a better meal.. Where's the fire? Where are the basics to help me not get destroyed by wildlife? Why can't I start off building something I can retreat to when I'm the one being hunted? Where are the traps? Am I supposed to wander around looking for stuff on a giant island filled with predators until I die? Where are the resources? Where are the items I can use to create weapons/armor/structures/items? Where are the key elements to survival that make me want to actually play this game? Where's the creativity to make your game unique?This game has a lot of potential, it is nice to roam around for a while. Although, it seems like there are too many elevated areas in my opinion. Since I can't run very far and I can't jump, I am forced to go around most places just to get back up. This isn't very exciting since I'm not really finding anything useful on the way other than piles of dinosaur dung... Overall, the map is great but it get's annoying.This game to me really has no structure right now.. The fact that they have implemented a screenshot system for the dinosaur you kill over objectives and gameplay really annoys me. Who cares about your dinosaur kill....this is about surviving not showing off who killed the same model dinosaur..I do not recommend buying this game anytime soon until you read or see videos on updated gameplay with ACTUAL objectives, such as making camps/structures, implemented.I understand this is an ""early access"" game, but I was seriously disappointed with how my first experience went. I will be checking up on updates in the future. I do have hopes for this game.R.I.P my $20.00(For early access, this game should only be $5 or $10. $15 tops)"
76561198077675258,Not Recommended,322920,15210488,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shappenz,The whole point of this game is to die to lvl up to get better weapons to not die........
,Recommended,322920,13398555,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Donovan U 3C-197,Started with 1 bow and 5 arrows got killed after 1000m 10/10 would buy agian
,Not Recommended,322920,16643184,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,C1200D,why the graphicis so bad?-_-
76561198129561763,Not Recommended,322920,16716561,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sour Cream Arms,Don't buy this game at full price! Its a rip off wait for a sale. The game developers have ditched itIts fun tho but not worth it at full price
76561198095069138,Not Recommended,322920,17214089,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Finny,"Don't waste your money, unless you hate yourself and want to suffer."
76561198283698024,Not Recommended,322920,24388566,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,HanciGaming,That is a pece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ You must run and run and run DONT BUY!!!!!!
76561198170166763,Not Recommended,322920,16682527,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,I'm the reader #I_Suck_At_CS:GO,It is good if your looking for a hard game but if your not then don't buy this
,Not Recommended,322920,23655939,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,moggers78,this game would be alright if you didnt die so quickly
76561198127890395,Not Recommended,322920,19799029,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,josh.balsiger,"Low diversity, repetitive gameplay, I dont normally write reviews but this had so much potential that was wasted I had to right a review just so I could downvote it"
76561198111476471,Recommended,322920,31096995,Posted: 12 April,all,Escanor,greta game but they have to take the price off an doput it back to free becaue its not wort 9$ maybe if they added more weapons and autmobiles to drive around in but right now its only worth for being a free game
,Recommended,322920,15225312,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kingjaffad,I was about to finish off a Trex when my gun reloaded rocks instead of bullets and then my game crashed....10/10 best release ever
,Not Recommended,322920,23061213,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,[AmTac] Kennedy,"Nice visuals, its just a multiplayer game with seemingly no way to save your game."
76561197975283527,Not Recommended,322920,17790492,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Benoguel,"dont buy this, thats all."
,Recommended,322920,21816812,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Autistic Wazowski,It's like taking a stroll through the woods... sixty-five million years ago.
76561198106352745,Recommended,322920,21720747,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,WheresTheBeef?,"i looked up into the sky and saw one of the most beautiful creatures i've ever layed eyes on, it was a very large reptile with small arms but for some reason it didnt have any method of flight...but somehow...*sniff...like a delicately placed missile toe that dino cupid placed as bait for a young hunter couple....it was just....suspended in the air...10/10 would cry tears of pure love and joy againbut seriously stay away from hackers or you will see missile toe t-rex love bait"
76561198033654091,Recommended,322920,21817602,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,dr_cdt,Its a very good game. It just needs a update that adds more dinos and guns.
76561198311039276,Not Recommended,322920,30305338,Posted: 3 March,all,Spaceman,"This is not a good game, when you start it up for the second time you loose all your starter items (things the game gives you as default). The dinosaurs get stuck in hills, they dont have any animations, and they're imposible to kill with the starter items(and even more imposible when your items go away). All in all, bad game DONT BUY"
,Not Recommended,322920,30234841,Posted: 27 February,all,tempast2003,"Love the concept, the art is very nice as is the atmosphere.  Don't like the idea of searching for guns and hoping you find ammo for said gun, while everything is trying to kill you.  Understandable that everything is gonna be trying to kill you in this situation.  I like thehunter original, I like this game as well, but I can't reccomend this game as a hunting game which is what I was looking forward to.  I was hoping this may have been more like Carnivores with a trophy room, a better way to get weapons and ammo, a base would be nice.  I hope the devs read this and consider some of these things."
,Not Recommended,322920,16584185,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PotatoBoi,"It's just bad, nothing more to say"
,Not Recommended,322920,29576453,Posted: 29 January,all,✨MEME LORD✨ csgolive.com,Just no
76561198162192538,Recommended,322920,15294183,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,escapeplans,"ok let me clear the air about people who want a server of there own...theres a good reason you cant create one. your an idoit...period..if your not smart to make one or know how then you dont need one. youd be the type of person whod see someone with good camo and awesome guns then wiat till they died and youd steal all there stuff, this ofcourse cause as soon as they died youd ban them so getting their stuff back would be impossible for them,,this happens alot in servers by little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. and to all the people who run 10 minute servers? GO EAT A♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥SUCKING♥♥♥♥♥DRUCK ♥♥♥♥ BOY!!!!!!!!!!!!! my server name is East Coast Server...theirs no bag stealing or trolling of any kind. if the server shuts down then there is a 30 minute warning. no players disrespect in my lobby or your out. only stupied little internet tough guys do that. no one under 14 permited. no exceptions. the game is perfect now. the devs are amazing so lets keep the game with some honor"
76561198040670808,Recommended,322920,15471028,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ebenoit,Add giant killer crocs!!!!!
,Not Recommended,322920,20813947,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Goobypls18,Lacking content
76561198201915732,Recommended,322920,15189138,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,boikers,"I've been playing this game for a while now and I think it's great. It really is realistic and it makes you feel tense, like your really on a alein planet that some reason looks a lot like Earth. But there are awsome dinosaurs on it."
76561197966361854,Recommended,322920,15184155,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,The Raven,"Although I did not play the game too much at the beginning of early access, came back recently and been having a real good time playing. If your intrested in hunting dinosaurs, or just having fun watching your friends get eaten while you stand and watch, this is a good one :)"
,Not Recommended,322920,13587647,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Solusi,"To be honest, I'm quite enjoying this game even though its still on early access.The best part about theHunter: Primal are:1. Great Dino design2. Stunning sceneryWhile the bad are:1. This game need more objectives2. Guns are very hard to find compared to losing itSince its still on early stage of development, Its better to wait until it receive more content and improvement."
,Recommended,322920,15140951,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Iron Reaper,"Got this a while back, started playing again yesterday. So there i am on my way to Site C gun in hand, i am about 200m away at this point, when a T-Rex Bolts from the site coming straight at me, just before the T-Rex gets me a Quetzalcoatlus comes along a carries me off. I am dead right? WRONG!!! The Quetzalcoatlus has only carried me up the mountain and saved my life. Here is to my Guardian :D10/10 Would Ally with Dino again"
,Recommended,322920,15193220,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,db,Witnessed a T-Rex chase after someone and crush him. 10/10
76561198035659110,Not Recommended,322920,15162661,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,dpabq2,SAVE YOUR $$$$/ JUNK/ NOWHERE NEAR FINISHED!
,Not Recommended,322920,13417105,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Uncertain,"Basically you're trying to be eaten by dinosaurs as rarely as possible, so you can sit your character down in a bush, go to bed and the game will play itself overnight.After a read through the manual and 20 minutes of walking, desperate to track down some dinosaurs to avoid, I had been presented with no trace or sound of anything dinosauric, and had found a single crate containing 2 health potions. My adventures were eventually brought to a white-knuckle climax when my path was blocked by a body of water too watery for even my heroic pioneer to consider. He could sprint for only 5 seconds before succumbing to exhaustion, so perhaps he was not the most bouyant of heroes.Fortunately there's an auto-walk key, so I can be off manicuring my toes while my hero wanders the terrain in search of house-sized carnivores he doesn't want to be anywhere near, happens across loot crates left in tree stumps by mischievous leprechauns, gets eaten by the carnivores, pretends he's lost any SPAS-12s he could've received from the leprechauns and starts all over again, all with the press of a button!One of the most convenient games on the market."
,Recommended,322920,15438700,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,jmartin2117,Great Game played it since the start i hope u keep up the good work and add more dinos if possible!
,Recommended,322920,15149593,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Silv3rSh4rk™,Awesome Game. Great bang for your buck very thrilling game i get sucked into this game for hours some times im up all night playing it witch would be the only bad thing about it
76561198050032947,Recommended,322920,15459130,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,CHOOT EM,Good Game with more to come
,Not Recommended,322920,19770574,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Black Top Xionicbeats,"This game in the beginning was good, but now its trash. They stopped caring for the game. they dont add new stuff that the Community wants to see included like simply a way to get ammo WITHOUT DYING. just a tab in the menu to order an ammo trop within 250 m of your location would be nice so we can hunt freely. then in the survey they ask if we would pay for DLC. i said heck no. infact i want a refund for this game, its abosulte♥♥♥♥♥♥now. they added 1 new queen t rex. but to even fight the ♥♥♥♥er you need to kill trexs collect sacks and place in spawn of rexs.1. how are we gonna even have enough ammo for rexs if hardly enough spawns. lucky if you get 10 .308 ammo. increase ammo dropped.or add a way to get ammo without dying. hell make the pods the ammo station. on a scale of 1-10 i rate this a -15 worst game i have ever played and tried to enjoy. they work on theHunter, tell you what, Cabela's hunting games got you beat in normal hunting. by a 100 lifetimes. work on primal. but even ARK got you beat in that department for survial, The hunter is a simple Hunting game with dinos. its nothing unique.i would not pay for dlc, you simply should update the game, or start a workshop and approve stuff from the community. and include it so you have to do not a thing."
76561198178361603,Recommended,322920,14777118,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,RockBottom 8515,Whant to hunt a trex PLay this game.steal from fellow hunters Play this game
,Recommended,322920,29653416,Posted: 2 February,all,Μπόμπο Μάστουρας,really cool dinosaurgame definetely check it outnow that im thinking about it why do u read my review this is creepy!AMAZING GAME
,Not Recommended,322920,26483050,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,BooCakie,"I hosted a server and I got the ""walk 12km"" Achievement.Also got jumped by 7 raptors at spawn. I died instantly, come on."
,Recommended,322920,19908545,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,JownJawge,Fun.
,Not Recommended,322920,14020782,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tuxedoorigin,"This game looks good, but as of now I would not really consider this much of a game nor is it worth $20. There are only three types of dinosaurs right now, raptors, t-rexs, and triceratops. You essentially get a bow to start and just walk until a dinosaur kills you. you can kill the dinos (difficult to do as the aiming is bad) and find other weapons in the game (far and few between), but there is no story and no progression. They say they went to beta to allow for users to decide which way to go, which likely means they have no idea why they made a dino hunting game in the first place other than that people will buy it. They have other theHunter games out there and my guess is the only way they are going to add more dinos is by making you pay for each new one. That is an assumption, but I have no reason to believe they will change their pricing model for this game.Like I said before this game is not even really a game. There is no story, there is no reward for hunting dinos, and you are not likely to win against one. Do I want a dino hunting game? absolutely, do I want to spend 20 minutes walking only to be somehow surprised by a trex comin out of no where and eating me, then starting a walk all over again? not really.edit:I wanted to explain this game more deeply. I still stand by my words, but that being said I think I was going at this game the wrong way. When looking at this game I was looking very much for a Turok style of go in and destroy a t-rex gun ablaze, run like hell so it doesn't eat you type survival game. That is not what this game is made for. This game is a trial in patience. You are hunting dinosaurs, but you are trying to hunt them like as if they were in the wild. You have to look for dino droppings, footsteps, and the like. It will take you a while to find one and when you do it will be tough to kill.Still this game does very much still feel like you were dropped in jarassic park 2 and expected to die. Not like you and the boys grabbed your favorite guns and beer and went out for a dino hunt. So now that that has been said would I recommend this game? No, not my cup of tea. If you enjoy hunting, but also enjoy the comfort of your living room, then you would probably enjoy this game."
76561198063335488,Recommended,322920,15170134,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Doctor Corpse,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
76561198227460068,Recommended,322920,23831661,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Smartasaurus,thay are finaly going to update this game in a month or sow the game will be updated!
,Not Recommended,322920,13797635,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SardonicPhoenix,"When I first loaded the game, ALL of the textures were broken. It does not look at all like the pictures. I can't even play the game to tell you how it runs the textures were so awful."
76561198094095283,Not Recommended,322920,15144342,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Lieutenant_Dan,"Anger simulator-1,000,000,000/10"
76561198039852703,Not Recommended,322920,21091743,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ndraper,"Game wont run,"
,Not Recommended,322920,13436804,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,james,spawned and died 3 times in row b4 could even get weapon. unistalled
76561198008060897,Not Recommended,322920,21643086,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Newman's Own,♥♥♥♥♥♥garbage
,Not Recommended,322920,16200822,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mephisto,"if anything, i just want my money back, its a fun game and all, but its just a bit too intense for me.."
76561198030548329,Recommended,322920,34195687,Posted: 12 August,all,matemeo325,"I like it , its a dinosaur survival simulator done right .Your not some ultimate doom man going through stacking dead dinos on your shoulder and your not and your not a hostess cup cake running though the forest .Beautiful and scary !"
76561198018885756,Not Recommended,322920,15883468,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,MA-DRAGON,"This game is a quick cash-grab on the developer's end (majority of the game is directly ripped from their other title ""theHunter""). This is an unfinished game with many bugs, so do not purchase it. You will experience buyer's remorse 1 hour into the game after you've already experienced 90% of the content it has to offer (literally only 5 different dinosaurs in the entire game). Maybe if the developers continued to support it for another few years it could be really good, but by the looks of it they already don't care about it. The core of the game is fun, but at the end of the day it is too easy and lacks content to keep playing for."
76561198144895605,Not Recommended,322920,13708440,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hot_air_pilot,"Game is buggy with numerous disconnects. Have exerienced loss of control, deaths with inability to loot gear aquired during play. Items lost due to not being able to open loot, msg that containers being used by another player when none around..  Planets seen in sky skip forward from day to night is an instant.  Disconnects show a screen saying can not connect to server with a 12-15 sec timeout listing various other players names, not the player hosting the game. occurs at times every 10 sec or less. I wouldnt suggest spending $$$ untill ALOT more work is done to improve game play"
,Not Recommended,322920,13986097,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Iwalleh,"Okay I cant quite sit here and ♥♥♥♥♥ about a game I didnt put much time into, but in the first 10 minutes i had 4 achievements spam pop i took two steps and unlocked 15 - 400km walked achievements. As far as i am concerned there is no run or sprint, i have been wandering aimlessly with a gps locator just walking. the first two chests i open tell me i cannot pick up the loot because i am at 75/20  carrying capacity and am 375% over encumbered while having nothing but a gps in my hand. Over all i can call this ""Walking: The Game"" I will eventually return and see if there are updates but until then Im sorry I have to give a thumbs down. Great idea, very ingenuitive, very poorly executed."
76561198118667774,Recommended,322920,31797126,Posted: 16 May,all,MotherOrganoid,"Despite the lack of overall polish the game sorely needs, its a fun game with a good deal of replayability. It borrows heavily, and I mean HEAVILY, from the Carnivore games while trying to jump into the crafting and survival genres that are so popular right now. It doesn't pull off any of these things completely successfully, but the weird mish-mash created is an enjoyable mess, but a mess nonetheless. The models aren't accurate but are better than say ARK and have some articulations of real-life accuracy to them that gives the game a breath of life a lot of other Carnivore clones lack.It's a difficult and frustrating game if you are too serious about it, but just playing it for the genre confused, unpolished but fun conglomerate it is produces some fun moments and high replayability that a lot of games lack."
76561198067101397,Not Recommended,322920,28998640,Posted: 3 January,all,Fenneca,You could fine a better shooter for 1$ on the original Xbox than this
76561198058107129,Not Recommended,322920,13424641,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Old_Phart1,"Could not connect with server error pops up regularly. Graphics are really good when ya get to play. Would recommend if I could connect when I want to play. Now, it is just taking up space on my computer. Developers, please fix issue."
,Recommended,322920,13382189,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Enaver,"Great game and well worth £15 even in Early Access.Don't be put off by previous games like ""Stomping Lands"". TheHunter : Primal is a great realistic approach to hunting dinosaurs, while being hunted yourself, it is not a arcade game. The game is hard, which makes it all the more fun; if you do not land your shots well then you are going to have a hard time. The environment & atmosphere is amazing, not to mention the well designed map. Currently playing with my brother, had some scary moments with Raptors & T-Rex's. The sound effects are truely horrifying at times!You gear up by finding items in drop pods which are scattered around the maps with valuable stuff in such as clothing, weapons, scopes and healing.I would recommend this game to any dinosaur lovers out there, there is only 3 in at the moment, however it is more than enough to sustain me till they add more content; which I can't wait for!  The game works from the get go, only had to open some ports in order to join my brothers game. Online games work with no problems at all."
76561198142165459,Not Recommended,322920,15923691,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Killdozer,yeeeaaa it sounded cool but now I really wish I had spent my money on a better game it just wasn't fun walk for an hour die   easy then right back to where you started.
76561198015777687,Not Recommended,322920,15965310,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,kissysellout,"dear dear me....a hunting game where you don't get given a gun at the start!?!?! ...yeah, great idea guys!oh! nearly forgot, when you re-spawn having just been savaged by a mediocre CGI dinosaur whilst unarmed (!), you then begin again with no ammo, no gun and a good 5-10 minute walk ahead to the nearest ammo box where you can pick up bullets for a gun you don't have - walk you say? well yes, because you can only run for about 5 seconds before you lose all your ""stamina"" - why on earth did they do that?? ...in a game where the chief activity is to run around dodging massive dinosaurs while you try and hunt them like a badman warrior no less!?i did manage to pick up a couple of guns eventually, but then you find out how rubbish the aim-and-shoot facility is - until you immediately run out of ammo that is!plus no X-Box controller compatibility so i had to go through this awful gulf of boredom sitting at my desk where my keyboard and mouse are instead of sitting on the sofa like lazy♥♥♥♥♥players like me normally do : /half the price of borderlands 2 or bioshock infinite and yet i'd rather play tetris on an original gameboy than endure this crappy game again... : (NO... JUST NO! MONEY BACK PLEASE!"
,Not Recommended,322920,15877882,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,diet a&w,"The first thing I noticed in this game is that the graphics are mediocre.  I first spawned in a marshy area and the waves were glitching showing weird visual artifacts.  And things just got worse from there.At first there's a little tension and excitement walking around wondering when you're going to see your first dinosaur.  My first was a Utah Raptor.  It came up behind me and took a bite.  There were no loud noises, no camera movement, nothing but red around the edge of the screen and a pathetic yelp from my character.  It completely lacked any sense of excitement or realism.I turned around to see the Utah Raptor that was attacking me.  I moved to the side and watched it as it made a very stiff, robotic move to attack where I had just been.  The animation was weird with completely unnatural movement.Next I had an odd encounter with a triceratops.  I tried to shoot it with my bow.  It turned and charged at me.  After glitching through some trees I think I ended up sitting inside the triceratops.  After that it trampled me and I died.  Lame.This game lacks any sense of excitement, seriousness, and gravity.  Many of the times I died I just didn't care because I had a crap weapon and no real equipment to speak of.  The game has no opportunities to invest time and ingenuity to improve your situation.  I think it needs something like crafting or shelter building at least.The only way to get weapons is to buy them to put on the pod you launch in, find them in drop chests, or from other players (dead or alive).  This is miserable if you're just starting out and/or playing on your own.  You just have to start walking around hoping you run into something before you get noticed by a dinosaur.  I died several times before ever getting a bow.  After  several hours I still have never been able to use anything other than a machete and bow.  I've never even seen any other weapon in game.This game lacks in variety as well.  After a few hours I've seen all the dinosaurs, seen the one plant that sort of hurts you, and have no interest in playing to see new weapons and equipment.  What's the use of a giant landscape if it's basically the same everywhere?I paid US $30 for this game.  I feel like I've been completely ripped off."
76561198087802358,Not Recommended,322920,14284981,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Shrek_is_Love,"This is a good game but im sick of sprinting 10 feet and waiting another minute for my stamina to go back up. The day that this game has unlimited sprint, will be the day that i start to play it."
76561198009726433,Recommended,322920,13383860,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Juan Deag,Omg.I followed a trail of T-Rex. Then the rumble begins. al of a sudden T-Rex is walking above me and then killing me.This is an awsome game but it seem to me that is it a very long game just to start with
,Not Recommended,322920,18245909,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Lt.Anderson,The new trailer explains the game:1. Spawn2. Look around your new world3. Realise their are dinosaurs everywhere4. ???5. Die6. Profit (for them)
,Recommended,322920,14229982,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,BEEF CHAUNK,"great foundation to the game and will only get better over time, already worth the 20 as is"
,Not Recommended,322920,20512808,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,MajesticMoose11,"abandoned by devs, and many glitches(that for a few of my friends completely prevented play)"
76561197968494146,Not Recommended,322920,13558180,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Cadwalader,"This review is of 12/23/2014 - early access - I'm sure you have certain ideas about the game play, however, let me tell you what it really looks like. You get dropped in a forest. Then you walk around for about 20-30 minutes, yes, just walking... looking at a map. Foliage is like Skyrim, nice to look at. No mobs, no nothing. Once in a while you see a box appear on your map. You wander over there, get the contents (yeah, more arrows to kill a 18 foot T-Rex, how about sending me an assault rifle?). At some point you see a Triceratops which immediately runs away from you. You're starting to wonder why you're wasting your time on this ""game""... then there's a T-Rex out of nowhere behind you. One bite and you're dead. Wow. Multiplayer must be better, right? It's the same. Only difference is that it's more frustrating, because every time someone logs off from the server the game literally pauses and announces it with a big, black screen that you can't exit until their connection has timed out. Keep in mind, this is early access... but for what it is right now, don't bother paying money. It's essentially a graphics demo."
,Not Recommended,322920,24180746,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TF | Problem,This game is very bad...DO NOT Buy it.I have a very high end pc and I turned all the graphics up and it wont even launch.and now valve wont even let me refund it. Rip 20$
,Not Recommended,322920,16277595,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,jf3000,"This game requires heavy use of Java, if its not installed it wont runn correctly. The fact that the game requires heavy use of the amount of java strings is just pathetic. Does the game run under Windows 8.1 64 bit, no it doesn't. Works fine with the 32 bit on Windows 7 but not 64 Windows 8.1 When it loads for you the first time and the screen goes black and stays there, that is your sign from me telling you this game is faulty, time to get your money back."
,Recommended,322920,13988973,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Toad-chan,10/10 Would become dinosaur poop again
76561198077134316,Not Recommended,322920,15254880,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Mr Snow,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yz-kiWtenUIt baffles me how this game has been getting positive reviews.
76561198010638934,Not Recommended,322920,20480123,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Windows 10 is Horrible.,"No.I keep trying to play it, but things i hate:Player server closes when trying to get to your gear.I can fire real firearms 100x more accurately and efficiently. It's like they gimp weapons to the point of uselessness other than a toothpick for t-rex ( i am talking about the lack of aiming or movement of the weapon).The pump shotgun bugs out when i try to raise it to fire. Very infuriating when being hunted and surrounded by 4 Utahraptors.It's a lot of work just to get friken eaten.I refuse to hack the game to play it.Needs more Dinosaurs. Only one is a vegetarian, and he likes to trample you into red mist powder.Needs more to do: like maybe crawl around getting achievement items, quest items, or things do sell so maybe you can actually start out with gear.At the moment, it's just a crawl around and get eaten simulator, but i have to admit that the environment is nice and there is a thrill in the activity."
76561198172463179,Not Recommended,322920,14253814,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Pernicious Saint,WalkDieCrawlDieWalkFind GunShoot raptor 6 timesDieRepeat for hours
76561198135654401,Not Recommended,322920,24410131,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mr. Cheese,"Ark is a much stronger game, this game is filled with bugs and glitches, needs more variety and the developers have completely given up on the game, they have the same bugs, glitches, dinosaurs, etc. for about a year now and its kind of boring. Not worth even 5 dollars"
,Not Recommended,322920,16341117,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mr. Biscuits.,"If you are going to update a game a day ago. And have it ready to be on steam sale, you should make sure that PEOPLE CAN ACTUALLY RUN IT. I bought the game and installed and cannot get past the play button in the launcher. Just black screen and freezes one computer screen. Not getting refund becaues bought a gift for a friend and still want to try to play it. But really, save your money. Or go buy ark because you can actually play it.Intel Core i7 3770 @ 3.40GHz16.0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 798MHzGigabyte H77M-D3HATI AMD Radeon HD 6670"
76561197967904960,Recommended,322920,15148994,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Biscuits & Gravy,Holy crap hours of fun. T-Rex scare the crap out of you. If you are playing single player and hear heavy footsteps pounding the ground. all i can say is run. Outstanding!
76561198277593451,Not Recommended,322920,23642700,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,TheKiddieDiddler,them graafics tho suck
76561198048430266,Recommended,322920,15150130,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Ball Sakal,"The very first thing I see when I spawn in...- Takes equipment out of the box that you spawn in- Walks around for 5 mins or so- Walks in to a ♥♥♥♥ing purple tree because i thought it'll be a good idea- Realises that it took a chunk of health away- Continues on adventure- Sees Triceratops- Think it's a good idea to go up to it-♥♥♥♥♥♥myself because I see it running towards me at full speed- Start running away only to notice that it was just teasing me and runs away- I try to keep up with it for 10 minutes, realising it lead me to a ♥♥♥♥ing T-Rex- Slowly goes up to whilst on prone- Tries to take screenshot of the fine specimen without it noticing me- Made too much noise trying to crawl up to it- Roars in my face- Tries to run away- Blood fills up the screen indicating to me that i'm dead...What i'm trying to say is to not ♥♥♥♥ with a T-Rex otherwise you're most likely gonna have to start again...11/T-Rex - Would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again!"
76561198089350662,Not Recommended,322920,32496449,Posted: 17 June,all,Arabian_Dude,boring game
76561198059773056,Not Recommended,322920,32775826,Posted: 25 June,all,onceuponahunter,not what i expected.
76561198148056197,Not Recommended,322920,14454721,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,John Doe,"Sucks, totaly boring, I was expecting much more."
76561198170715307,Not Recommended,322920,21854372,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,The Serpent of the Six,"Hey devs how do you like that money, if you want more money what about you fix this damn game please because I bet your sitting on your♥♥♥♥♥and going on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and watching some Primal Pornage Sextiction on your ipad, because you have 'some' money, I want a refund."
,Not Recommended,322920,15181174,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Fhee,This is utterly pathetic I know they fix SOME bugs but when I opened it for the first time I already had a bug on my screen I couldn't even set my mouse onto the game or anything for that matter the loading was crap and I know I have fast internet! I was willing to give this game a chance pushing aside other people's reviews. BUT THIS IS A WASTE OF MONEY! deleting it fully before I get more than bugs on my pc.
76561198066047238,Recommended,322920,15029781,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Rawr xD,I always get T-Rekt
76561198005662434,Recommended,322920,13384565,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Raccho,Very Good !
76561198203163176,Recommended,322920,18748808,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,YellowKraken126,"This game is awesome. Playing the full version is probably the best thing I've ever done, and I've been here since Beta. Of course, you rage when killed, but that's the fun of it! And omg, if someone had told me this was a non-horror game, I'd tell them they are wrong."
76561197960637004,Not Recommended,322920,24720432,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Roland,crap
,Not Recommended,322920,13934073,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Quackman,"Noooooo.I love the Hunter, despite my constant ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how bloody expensive it is. A friend an myself play it quite frequently and we said after our first outing that if they released a Dinosaur version we'd buy it imediately, and we did.Hooooooowever...This isn't The Hunter anymore, it's ""The 'running away from a velociraptor at a gentle jogging pace whilst the lizard follows you and doesn't quite manage to bite your♥♥♥♥♥♥off' Person"".The game has this horrid fixation on being a DayZ ripoff, except (thank god) that the PvP is optional. This means that you start with a bloody longbow that gently inserts arrows into Dinosaurs in a sudo-acupuncture way instead of a proper gun of your choosing.The Velociraptors do add a nice tension, but they're far to abundant and are everywhere thus, the main focus of the game is not bumping into them, not hunting.My only hope is that, since this game isn't subscription based like The Hunter, that modders will rip it open and redesign it to be more like The Hunter, but with dinosaurs.In conclusion, WHAT ON EARTH WERE YOU THINKING?!?! Avalanche made a great Hunting simulator that was genuinely enjoyable, and would have only gotten better with Dinosaurs, but instead they decided to jump on the DayZ bandwagon with this god awful thing.Check back in a year and see if it's better, as of now, keep walking."
76561198043612076,Recommended,322920,14473761,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,cody_buds,"give us better spawn weapons, half the time i dont got anything when i spawn and die before i get to a box, the animals are way to hard to kill as one person, make it so we can swim!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,322920,15027340,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Corrosion,Abandoned.
,Recommended,322920,35314508,Posted: 29 September,all,Lx188,Is posible to return game back to store!!!! i dont want it more bug full game!!! i want my money back!!!
76561198012802750,Not Recommended,322920,13385869,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,M3Y3R,55 min... very boring right now... Lacks weapons and fun.  I have played thehunter normal game and this is nothing like it.   You spend the whole time looking for weapons that like someone else said doesn't kill the dinosaurs....  Very disappointed in its current state.  Its basically a explore the map and try not to be eaten game.  Find weapons.. no point really because you can't do much with them...  I wouldn't recommend this until it gets more developement....
76561197996536971,Recommended,322920,16578376,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,block,On my first day I found a raptor family.They got a meal.The end.
,Not Recommended,322920,13484556,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,snyft,"DayZ with dinousaurs.Early access gameplay may change etc...Liked: Atmosphere, graphics, sound, dinousars, t-rex encounter the ground shakes and it just gives you an epic feeling, multiplayer with pvp or coop.Disliked:When somebody loses connection everybody on the server gets blackscreen and a window popup where you have to wait 12 sec (gamebreaking).Loot is very scarce and most items except .700 rifle is useless. The clothes do nothing and the shotgun/sniper is worse than bow.When trees are coming in to viewdistance they looks like invisible and made up of dots.Dinousaur AI is pretty dumb especially T-rex.Few dinosaur species and numbers.Map feels like a giant wasteland with zero interesting places.Inventory system is horrible you can't split or combine ammunition.You can't swim.You can sprint for 10 seconds then you have to walk for 5 minutes to do it again.No Vehicles.Many issues are from The hunter engine and that have been out since 2007. If they haven't fixed the issues since 2007, I doubt they would fix them now.Do not buy this game, the developers are interns that the company/studio don't pay for.This is a dirty cash grab that uses free/low paying workers to work on an easy formula with an already made engine."
,Not Recommended,322920,13398696,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hectic Serbian,Like many have already stated. Run/walk speed is too slow and I seem to not be able to kill anything (multiple rifle shots to the head)Shows lots of promise but i wouldn't waste your money on it until it becomes more fleshed out
76561197996781170,Not Recommended,322920,13400385,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Bacarte,"I didn't like that much, the game seems like its a walking simulator, just  like the other guy said, few kinds of dino and stamina bar goes fast and takes forever to recharger again, you spawn 1 kilometer away from the others when you play online. But the point is, i played for like 3 hours and could only manage to find 1 gun .....  it should be a game with more action and not walking 20 minutes to reach a crate and then dont find a gun but only arrows, and then you start to walk again 20 minutes to the other crate, where's the fun here ?  Serious i tried hard to like this game, the porpouse its cool and everything but i don't have patience to waste 20 minutes just walking to somewhere and don't have nothing when i reach.Summarizing- Graphics Good- Game Lacks of fun, too much walking and less fun"
76561198044443958,Recommended,322920,13375447,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Spartan,"Spawned in thinking I was top♥♥♥♥♥♥ but quickly got rekt by a T-rex I thought was from Jurassic Park, but was really just coming back from the gym.Like Skyrim with dinosuars - 10/10 IGN"
76561198015231091,Not Recommended,322920,16194325,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Radix,"- This ISNT a survival game even though its in survival section- Description of this game states its survival, once again it ISNT- Devs made enough money so they just walked away form it. Suck it suckers.First off this game is false advertised""Step into a huge Cretaceous world (24 km² / 9.3 mi²) where the very environment will test your survival skills to the max. This is the planet of Primal Eden. Help us reclaim, subdue and eradicate the savage wilderness so that we may plant the seed of civilization in its place""NOTHING is going to test you survival skills to the max, and that is because runing around sneaking past dinosaurs isnt survival, and that is the only thing you will do. Literally, the only goal in this game is to find weapons and kill dinosaurs, it has nothing to do with survival, you cant craft a thing, build a base or anything other than killing and sneaking. You literally have 3 things to do in this game, sneak past dinosaurs you cant kill, kill dinousaurs you can kill, and look for more weapons, thats it, survival my♥♥♥♥♥ ""help us reclaim, subdue and eradicate"" this makes people think"" hey sounds cool, like, I will get to build a base and ""plant a seed of civilization"""" no you wont do any of this things, they just wrote it to lur you in.""The most realistic prehistoric survival game ever created"" - do these people know the definition of survival game?? this is one big fat lie, and on top of it they abandoned this game and customers cose they have fat enough wallets by this point......."
,Not Recommended,322920,13398097,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Primax,"I gotta learn not to trust all the steam reviews I read...  Some people are impressed by so little that it led me to buying this...It should be noted for ANYONE wanting to buy this, it's a walking simulator... All you do is walk, with very little stamina, trying to find weapons, to shoot dinosaurs with.  The dinosaurs are incredibly tough, and your weapons probably won't do much...Given that its early access i will come back in a few months and see if I change my review, but as of now, not worth spending the money on...  There is no ""fun"" as it is right now, and without fundamental design changes it won't be any fun regardless of early access or not...I was skeptical as the other game by this company has a scam ""f2p"" model as stated by multiple reviews, but my wish for a cool dinosaur game made me buy it anyways, regretted it deeply..."
76561198012209746,Not Recommended,322920,13398715,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Lp505,"good graphics,consunderpowereddont start with enough itemsbow does 0 dmgdinos dont dierunning is unrealsticsta recovers to slowneed better starting items"
76561198065089392,Not Recommended,322920,13398423,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Solemnwind,"I would not recommend this for a huge problem. There is a huge error that they have in launching the game that just crashes it immediatly. And big surprise, no one helps the people that are on the forums.12/25/14: After they fixed this problem i realized that this game needs an extensive amount of work, and no one should buy this if you are looking for a FINISHED survival game."
,Not Recommended,322920,13403227,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Dr. Alan Grant,"So far the game is disappointing but I expect it to get a little better.Walking is very slow...Sprinting cooldown takes WAY too long for how long you are even able to sprint.Need to have more then just 5 arrows per slot. 5 is enough to maybe kill 1 Utahraptor is your lucky but nothing elseVery difficult to find weapons besides a bow, found PLENTY of ammo for many weapons but still only found a bow.I'm pretty sure the bases around the island have guns in them but I can never make it to one with my 5 arrows.I know this game in in early access and I hope it imporves very much from this point on."
76561197978178256,Not Recommended,322920,13396291,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,MrTibbs,bought this game today and dissapointed! as soon as i get near any dino audio starts popping and crackling! not very playable in its current state1 maybe they will get out bugs/ but wish i had waited!
,Not Recommended,322920,13406849,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Onion the Okapi,"This game has a lot of potential. When I first seen screenshots and what the summary of the game said, I was imediatly excited for it because it brought back ideas of Carnivores. I loved that game and I've been wanting something like it, and this is a pretty good recreation of sorts but with more elements. I won't say that it's easy, far from it, but I will say, if the Devs listen (wich they are as far as I'm seeing) this game will be amazing. I'll go over a few things that got me all giddy inside and things that make me kinda ticked.Pros: There's defiantly qute a bit to this game and it has a lot of nice things to it.-Sounds : The sounds in this is amazing, absolutely astounding. Love it.-Visuals : The game is pretty, it's gorgeous and the dinosaurs look cool too.-Tracking System : I'll say that I'm new to theHunter ""franchise"" but I just adore the Settlernav. It shows where an animal is going or aproximate area as well as time when the ""track"" was left. And you can use it to put waypoints on the map as well, and I found out that if you're playing with a friend and they got a map fragment that shows a closer settlement thing, they can set a way point and you can see their waypoint they set so you can meet up.Cons: There's quite a bit that's kinda bad about this game, but they're fixable.-Wepons : EVERYTHINGS UNDER POWERED! Me and a friend shot one Utahraptor, point blank in the head and chest, with five arrows, 6 .307 rounds, and 4 .44 handgun rounds... Everything's way too under-powered and that's really upsetting when you can't take down a raptor running at you to save your-self.- Raptors : The thing is after we tried killing the raptor, me and my firend had no ammo and had to run... or shall I say walk away from the raptors. If you walk in a strait line, it's impossible for them to get you because their attack is "" RUN. STOP. BITE. REPEAT."" They need to be given actual attacks like pouncing and biting as they go. What animal stops THEN bites. None, they keep attacking. They also should have less health than they do now. They're fragile yet strong creatures. they should not be able to take a small army's worth of ammo to the head and keep going. No!- Aiming : Ok, this one may be my computer, but when ever I aim. My entire game lags... or should I say, my character lags. The dinosaurs go the same speed, but I lag and can't follow them to actually get their spine because that's one of the few places you can actually get them with decent amount of ammo (like 3 arrows). Also, as I'm lagging, the wepons CONSTANTLY moving down, I have to quickly keep moving my mouse up to be able to even hit it somewhere. And the Holding Breath mechanic doesn't really work because the guns going down all the time. By the time you get a decent shot, you let out and you gotta start all over again. It NEEDS RE-WORKING!- Server Set-Up : Ok, I'm onto the little things now. A nice little dedicated server set-up would be nice, but I'm sure the Devs are working on that too.- Dinosaurs : They said they're planning on more dinosaurs. But When they actually do, decrease the population of the raptors. They're oozing from the crevases of the mountains... And you can't get away from them, there's no chance to get them off of you so you can go get better things. They harass you untill you give up. You can't distract them when they're attacking as well because there's no pebbles or anything laying around to make them get off. There's a few pebbles in the marsh but that areas infested with raptors too. when something starts going after you. There's no chance at all to escape.- Raptor calls : They sound way to much like lions... I want something that sounds a little diferent than an animal of our time.- Trike feathers : The feathers on the Triceratops look freaking rediculous. The animals compleatly feather-less besides that mowhawk of feathers. It looks dumb. Add a layer of thin feathering then yeah, that'd be cool.IDEA: Might add to it.- Pterasaur Hunting : It'd be pretty awesome if you could hunt pterasaurs like birds of our time. Add in rahmphorincus' by the coasts. Make like a call, chuming and bird shot too. That'd be sick.- Dino Interaction: I would love to see dinosaur interaction. Like being able to see a pack of raptors or a rex bring down an herbivore and munch on it, and be able to stumble on a kill and be able to tell when and what actually killed the animal and start traking from there.- A little cabin of sorts for like saving yourself from the dinosaurs or a save point and able to purchase wepons and gear with the in game currencey and store.Conclusion.I would like to say I recomend this game, but I don't entirely. It's much too soon for it to be any real fun for a long time. The only way you can get from point A to point B in the game safely is prone crawling to it. It takes years. Running should be increased too instead of running 4 paces and can't anymore. But if you want to watch a game grow, expand, and recive tender-loving-care that I'm hoping it'll recive and like dinosaurs and initial testing of games, putting in your imput as well, get it. But for now, untill things get better sorry ""theHunter: Primal"" I don't recomend you.[I'll update as the game does. I REALLY WANT to love this game. I really do and Devs, coming from a dino nerd. Don't mess this up, please. Don't just add in 2 more dinos. Add in like 10 or 20! Make the HUGE map you made feel alive instead of feeling empty of any and all life besides you and the walking Mini-Tanks that are the Utahs. Please nerf them.]"
76561198112981059,Recommended,322920,13377533,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,choglit,"WOW this is great.You start off with a bow and arrows,then you have to find better weapons and equipment in the jungle to survive those dinos which have killed me 3 times..........i love it.Keep up the great work devs."
,Recommended,322920,15209849,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PhantomGeass,"First thing is please ingore the negative reviews espically on the ""nothing but walking"" bit. This game is thrilling and to survive can be a challenge. The beginning is a pain to play but once you loot a better weapon or learn how to use the blade correctly you'll survive. What negative reviewers fail to realize is, YOU DO NOT WANT TO RUN INTO DINOS, it's a freaking survival game. However you can try to find them if you learn to use the tracking.How long can you survive? That is the question. Five dinosaurs is a fair amount for game to hunt, but at the same time lacking. Now one thing I'm shocked about (proabably patched) is I haven't seen any flyers... Might be a good thing tbh. Also something else about this game is exploring, there are hidden goodies if you can find them. i.e logs. From the couple of hours I've put into it the diffuclty of the game goes as follows, easiest to hardest.Velociraptors: Decently easy to kill with the standard blade. You can one hit them, but if you are being attacked by a pack, they may kill you.Triceratops: Will take some time to take down, but they hardly attack. Unless you upset it.. then watch out for the horns.Utahraptors: These will kill you easily. I've notice they have different skin colors (could be my imagionation) and like theVelociraptors they will hunt in packs. You can scare off one if you can learn to dodge and fight with the balde, but if you want to *cough* hunt it... I suggest learning to use the bow or get the rifle.Tyrannosaurus Rex: Use extreme caution and RUN THE F*** AWAY! Unless you have decent hunting gear on you and with friends. I highly recommend you do not attempt to take it down alone, unless you are very skilled at stealth. Although the death animation is just funny.Flyer: ??? I have no data to give you on how to fight it. I would assume if you hear the flapping, look the the skies and try to kill it before it grabs you.Hunting can be a fun sport (I come from a family of hunters), and I was suprised they applied ""vital hits"". It's just like acutal hunting, quickest way to kill it, aim for the heart!I don't know what else to say about this game other than SURVIVE! Although I would like to seem more dino species in the future."
76561198123534566,Recommended,322920,13381354,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,VamWam,Fun game! It feels like its hard to find anything at first but then a T rex comes out of no where and your running for your life! Very intense!
76561198079746706,Not Recommended,322920,15246823,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Xeneroth,"They released this game WAY too early - this game rarely loads right for me at the moment and I can't even start my own server as the screen turns black and doesnt load, this game is basically still in beta, however when this game DOES decide to work it is REALLY addicting, just save your money and wait until the bugs are patched."
76561198084484575,Recommended,322920,15148164,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Edman,"This Game ROCKS! Absolutely worthy of being a ""complete game""Well balanced, visually stunning(when you're not deep in the jungle), and completely worth the money.As with most games of this genre, survial/hunting, it takes time getting use to. Don't start playing if you're just gonna get frusterated and angry(use dark souls as a litmus test).Personally, I didn't find a gun until hour 10, but that was for a lack of stealth and understanding. If you stay low and hidden, preferably with a buddy, you can easily play the game for hours.In short, ignore reviews that have less than 40hrs gameplay, it takes a few days to understand and appreciate what The Hunter Primal brings to the table."
76561197963212270,Not Recommended,322920,13410895,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ashkeuron,"The Hunter: Primal?More like Get Killed: Every 5 minutesSpawn inside a group of raptors, search 20 crates and get only a pair of gloves and 19 'map fragments', find a total of three rocks in an hour. Group of raptors can spot, smell or see you crouched or prone. Weapons are not very powerful, though with correct shots even a bow can down in one.At this time NOT worth buying."
76561198146418725,Not Recommended,322920,13423358,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,SmellyGrandpa,Obese kid running sim. My grandma can run further than me on this game. I also must have puny arms in this game cause  after my initial aiming if I move the reticle it drifts downward to my feet. Dino AI is lacking atm. 3 hrs in and I'm bored. wait to buy 12/17/14
76561198091554681,Not Recommended,322920,13424908,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Luziano (Team Bowhunting),After last patch game doesnt work anymore: It gets stuck on the Hunter PRIMAL (early access screen).I'm considering asking for a refund.
,Not Recommended,322920,13488558,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ElderDreams,"I didn't enjoy the game. It felt poorly conceived and executed. Yes, I know its in an alpha state, but overall the game is not setup for solo play. To play effectively you must work with others and I just didn't enjoy trying that without voice communication.Hopefully I can change my review in 6 months, but for now I would suggest avoiding this game for a bit longer."
76561198203697249,Recommended,322920,25299415,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kaanakar,Creapy and spoky and terrafaing there are dinosaurs but they likr monsters AMEAZİNG
76561198168701977,Not Recommended,322920,14571753,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Conceptions,"Probably the worst game I've ever played. The game has no objective and you die every 10 seconds. Whenever you pick something up it seems like you immediately die. Then, whenever you go to get your items back the dinosaurs camp over your pack. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME OR YOU'LL WANT TO KILL YOURSELF FOR MAKING THE MISTAKE OF WASTING YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME. I'd rather play Barbies treehouse."
,Recommended,322920,15206531,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Tushii,"Overall, a pretty good game, however I feel that alot needs to be added in terms of behavioural traits of the dinosaurs - not once have I come across a silent T-rex in my times of watching tv shows, documentaries, and series and witnessed one myself.I also believe that the basis of when a dinosaur is shot should be a more realistic outcome that what is in place now; I get that this game isnt out of beta or whatever, but still, for future reference. A more realistic outcome may be that they gain a limp/become slower when shot, because in real life, if something is shot, their stamina/whatever is shot is damaged considerably, especially if it is with a high-caliber sniper rifle atleast 20 times. I get that dinosaurs are alot tougher to kill than your average bear or elephant, but they dont require 20 .700 bullets to take a single triceratops down.To add to this, I do believe that the pack-size of certain dinosaurs could be tweaked too. I was lead to believe that T-rex's were solitary, not travelling in packs of 3-5. This element is something I would look into alot because it makes it alot harder for newer players to kill a dinosaur-not that t-rex's are hard enough to kill already- never mind stay alive.In addition, I believe, personally, that a goal is to be added so that the game isnt just leading to the survival of you and your team mates. Maybe personal/team quests could be added, or maybe objectives or something to add an element of challenge towards the game, and not just your ""generic dinosaur sandbox-survival"".Another thing, a positive, is that this game is very aesthetically pleasing. They fixed the aliasing so that this game is less of a headache to play, and not one thing was out of place. The game itself is very artistic and beautiful, and so i give credit to that.Anybody that wishes to buy the game I want to note that this game is still in beta, and so you may have to wait until the game you're lead into believeing is complete is actually polished. They are very frequent with the updating, so i doubt it would take very long to do this. This game would be well worth the money if it was out of beta, I bought this a while ago when it was on sale, so if you get the chance i suggest you buy it then.To sum up:POSITIVES-Aesthetically pleasing-Still in beta, more things to be added.-Good array of weapons and clothing.-Advanced detail in terms of terrain and terraforming.-Dinosaurs are well-textured and can sometimes change depending on their age/gender.NEGATIVES-Pack sizes too large with certain dinosaurs (T-rex's, Triceratops')-Map maybe a little bit difficult to traverse (not a big issue)-hit's need to be more realistic.-maybe a little bit too pricey.**Please note, I am aware that the game is still in Beta. I'm just stating some things that could be added**Overall, a good game and I would definitely recommend it to anyone."
76561198170402926,Not Recommended,322920,14808309,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,brauxey6,Don't waste your money.
76561198063035069,Not Recommended,322920,13700145,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ian_goddard,"looks good...................... it's really not, what waste of bucking moneyimagine a game map that's emptier than santas' sackimagine a walking simimagine having the stamina of a 3 year old with a 40 a day habitimagine 3 poorly animated dinosaurs who aimlessly walk around till they spot you and chase you unless you stand in water in which case they just stand next to you perhaps this is true to life I wouldn't know having never met a dinosaur at my local watering holeI know it's early access but I think people will have cloned a dinosaur before this gets anywhere near something I would want to playI'd have been dissapointed had this been free....£15 now I'm just f###ed off"
76561198188251755,Recommended,322920,25657308,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,RaptorReaper,yes game cooker i agree with u and as does my brother RexReaper :) is does lack the dino species it need more
,Not Recommended,322920,13749678,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,spageti boy,"I don't know how far behind in progress this game is but currently it's unplayable for me and friends. The graphics are dead awful, i can't seem to have it run smooth either even on low graphics. It's quite sloppy due to the fact that everything is in progress (including putting a password on a server.).Would i reccomend this game? I don't have enough knowledge to tell you but from what i have gathered, No. Too laggy, seems pointless when you begin, it has alot of missing important features (including changing the graphics INSIDE of the game instead of OUTSIDE).I cant even rate it because it's nowhere near finished."
,Recommended,322920,18375644,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,LORD GG,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Eat."
,Not Recommended,322920,15021425,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Miloš Obilić,"Give me a few asian kids as an art team, (they don't have to be older then 12 with basic maya and mudbox knowledge)some doucheeee-bag coder that spends 22 hours of his day jerking off, 1 hour sleeping and 1 hour working and a creative director that plays with his dong while skyping the dev team and i can recreate this type of experience for everyone to throw money at! YAYYY!Oh and we should get the guy who took a huge dump from jurrasic park one , to leak on twitter that he is a huge fan of this game, then pay black market asians 2 bucks an hour to post fake reviews for the game so we can sell it better.Idea for the latest review can be: If Jeff Goldblum plays it, thats good enough reason for me!And while we rake in thousands for a few years work and share it between the whole team, Our best pals on youtuberehashing the game can earn hundred of times what we make in months just by playing it for a few minutes!and that is why the people who play it, HATE THEIR lives and it really shows in this game...-If you want to play it alone I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS it gets boring after 2 hours tops.-if you want to play it with mates. I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS, enless you like spending hours and hoursjust to find each other only to have bugs kill you and make you respawn again randomly in the world.-If you want to play it for the pvp I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS> its a failed hunting./survival hybrid pve was a stupid idea to begin with.-if you want to play it for pve I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS (you can prevent any disanaur from attacking you by walking over a heap of stones and walking in circles on the stones, or by walking around a tree)Worst developement for a simple game idea EVERThis is like the plan 9 from outer space of games.I wouldn't be suprised if edd )=ucking wood himself is funding this project.Disgusting."
,Not Recommended,322920,15247501,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Adrian,"Not enjoyable for most people. the map is a chore to get around, and there are some cheap moments. it can be fun, but the fun moments are few and far between compared to all the frustrating moments.  This game started as a joke side project of the devs, then realized they could make money with little effort, purchased dino skins and a clunky ui plus a terrible collision system makes for a game that LOOKS amazing, but gets old fast"
,Not Recommended,322920,15202150,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,k0s,"Absoluteley NOT:Terrain is AWEFULGrafix is AWEFULSlicing some raptors at the start.. i felt like playin ""serious sam"" .. and seriously ""sam"" was far better...  ^^What is it ?Your stranded with a pod.. equip a machete and a handheld device.. slowly walk around..meet some small itchys, slice them with your machete.. oh a crate appears on your ""buddy'phone'o'mat"".. walk there figuring out: YOU CANT JUMP OVER A BUNCH OF SMALL FREAKING STONES??? and have to walk around...waste of energy..yay you found that crate... arrows... wow...walking around walking around walking around..oh wow.. sun!enjoy the environment since your stamina is down after 10meters...enough ""wow sun effects""...walk around walk around..cant climb up a hill.. walk around the hill.. to... walk around walk around..eh .. do i just walk around ?!?!"
76561197993642999,Recommended,322920,16535925,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tangles,"Creepy, atmospheric and it has dinosaurs!"
76561198315659996,Not Recommended,322920,24169094,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Flaming Viper,This game is very fun if u have cool weapons i did i had tons of stuff and got killed and lost it all bc someone looted me so becareful who u play with guys
76561198123104060,Recommended,322920,16457895,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,that stank nigga,noice
76561198148716455,Recommended,322920,16998862,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Lucastripp,fun
,Recommended,322920,13383542,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bible Thumpin Conservative AK,Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,322920,13383625,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,HoneyBadger,Amazing. 10/10
,Not Recommended,322920,18417220,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,AlienStalker,the graphics are bad
76561198094395742,Not Recommended,322920,16286028,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,TheDeadTrooper,I think they need to add more to the game then just killing dinos with guns. I think they should add making bases and hunger and thirst. Also adding more dinos and making a campain how you got to Eden and being able to go back up to space to avenge your people that died in Eden and go up to a space station and raiding it to get loot to get back to Earth to learn why they did this to your family or to you. Hope a dev reads this
76561197990894223,Not Recommended,322920,14020031,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Unknown,Save your money this is terrible.
76561198042424031,Not Recommended,322920,14064345,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Mr.Rob,"I feel no sympathy to any of the developers who actually read these reviews when I say this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's lower than♥♥♥♥♥♥ its dried up in the sun, close to breaking down,♥♥♥♥♥♥At first I thought this game was okay. I did the right thing and youtubed game plays of it before I bought it. Thought it was alright... Then a t-rex decided it'll just jump out in front of me and kill me. Thats fine, it's early access and there will be bugs.Second play through, no boxes with starting loot, thats alright, one in the distance. Get there (somehow without dying) only to get a ♥♥♥♥ing bow and handgun ammo. YAY! I can now shoot these 100% useless bullets with my 100% useless bow. If only I could, then atleast I would've had a fighting chance with the 3 raptors that came and demolished me.I usually don't give out a third chance, but I for some unknown reason, gave this game the benefit of the doubt. I spawned in a vally, near on in the center of it, surrounded by raptors. I gave up. This game is either made as a scam to have people give them money for a game they whiped up in a day and say it's ""early access"" OR this is some sick joke made up to see if their game can make national news because it was used as an excuse as to why they went on that mass murder-spree.I would continue clicking the 'No' button, but that won't accomplish anything, Just like the devopers who created this♥♥♥♥♥♥they thought could be a game. Really dun created a piece of crap here, mate."
76561198030734545,Not Recommended,322920,14000038,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,dreamlord1979,"This game is awful. The controls are horrible, the aiming is way more difficult than it should be, and hunting raptors (or any dino) with a bow and arrow is laughable."
,Not Recommended,322920,13887192,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dr.McLickerTitty,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥same yourself some time and money and just don't get it, they start you out with a bow and that wouldn't be bad but the ♥♥♥♥ing bow doesn't kill anything so your better off playing another prehistoric game"
,Recommended,322920,19951819,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,xXProD.VaXx,"i saw loads of you tube videos on it an it looked amazing, play it for my self and horrible textures and a real lack of dinosaurs."
76561198121139296,Not Recommended,322920,14148266,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,xX_XxJacobxX_Xx,Why where the ground textures so bad
,Recommended,322920,16986062,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,hi im bronze,I Hate T-rexes
,Not Recommended,322920,13513631,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SGT AWESOME,DON'T get this game is has the crappiest graphics even on the highest settings it said and tree was a dinosaur.
,Not Recommended,322920,13451166,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,RaY_s_Kan,♥♥♥♥ing bow !!! i need anather weapons.
76561198007341077,Not Recommended,322920,14094669,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Maty743,Shoudl change its name. Not much hunting to be done. Really needs a single player option where you can choose your loadout. At the moment it is just runing from one side of the island to the next and back again to maybe find a shotgun. Yes this is in Early access but that doesnt excuse bad design choices.
76561198009559912,Not Recommended,322920,14027508,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,BadGreenGonzoDaGreat,"Game looks nice, but is unplayable at the moment. You lost connection to server every 30 sek and there is no offline mode.It's a shame, because the game has a lot of potential. The time between two disconnects is indeed fun. Far more than the other TheHunter-Games, in my opinion, who are not my cup of tea. Hunting an Dinosaur has nothing in common with hunting a defenceless deer. In many situation you become the prey.I hope that they will be more dinosaures and more weapons in the future, and that they give us the possibility of swimming and more important jumping.Save your money and wait. I wish I have do."
76561198355050966,Not Recommended,322920,31630824,Posted: 8 May,all,Xx-Strune-xX,"This is a bad game!,Do not buy!,You can hardly get passed a velocirpator,Never mind a ♥♥♥♥ing Rex!,You just get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little machette and when you go searching for crates/Boxes,Utharaptors just chases you!,Don't get it!"
76561198129239656,Recommended,322920,23963673,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,help im constipated,-crawled out of pod-found some guns and ammo-shot some people and took thier stuff-shot some dinosaurs-Killed more people-went home and started playing the hunter primal10/10 would play again
76561198079647227,Recommended,322920,17700262,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,"Scooteh(Gone till Dec., bur bye)",I can see my feet.10/10
76561197999875022,Not Recommended,322920,14069073,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,The Marlboro Man,"This game is really rubbish... controls are bad... you can't even jump (or at least i couldn't figure out how to) and the graphics are bad... i do NOT recommend this game, and it really sucks to have payed for it :/ i wish there were some kind of refund on it..."
76561198212729655,Recommended,322920,23390484,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Diablo,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198055593926,Recommended,322920,13382593,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DUW2PAG,"Fun game while it lasted but like so many games support and development have been dropped for this game. Please don't waste your moneyFantasic game loved thehunter and Primal just adds that spin to it, when you see and hear the T Rex for the first time you fill your pants. Armed with nothing but a bow you hide like a scared little girl."
76561198119596177,Not Recommended,322920,13775928,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,deezdrama,"Wanted to try this for weeks, held off but finally got the game. Looks great and has potential but after over an hour of trying to play- I only actually got to play about 5 minutes.First time I ran it it ran fine, nice looking world, graphics are nice, smooth fps.Found 2 crates and got the 308 rifle, killed 2 raptors and then the third one killed me,I start over and the screen goes black and says someone disconnected.Only lasted a few seconds but then happens again and the screen was black 5 minutes before I alt tabbed out to find the game not responding.Start new game - pick a server- load in, play a minute then screen goes black again- game not responding.Reload the hunter primal- no hosts found, try to start my own then game freezes again.Already tired of all the issues thats making it unplayable for me.Would get a refund if I could. Guess I wasted $20 and will just have to wait for updates.Shame as it looks to have potential."
76561198011962156,Recommended,322920,14912553,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Lust,"My time on Hunter: Primal a difficult time.I got in the game, my first encounter was some grass eater dino or what it's called, Dinos is not really a thing I now much about.I follow it for a while and untill it took me to a weary thick jungle, there I heard some weird sound and that something was moving between the bushes. I moved around for a while hoping that the sound would go away, I knew that it was something in great numbers that my tiny♥♥♥♥♥♥bow wouldn't stand a chance to defeat. 2min later I heard something roar and 3 raptors moved in attack mode straight to me...My second time playing, I thought that I should stay away from the thick jungle and try some other place, maybe more open. That's when my GPS thing start to pick up some loud noice, I follow the GPS coordinates to the sound. After a 300m walk I heard big footsteps I thought to my self ""I'm screwd, ain't I?"" And betwin the trees a big T-rex walked towards me. I pulled my bow and start to fire me arrows, but the T-rex was pretty much careless and just continued to walking towards me. I became T food.I finally found it, a chalange that I can go for, that T-Rex head will hang on my wall, I named him Glen. I know I can take out Glen, I just need to be more carefull and better equipped then just a bow, so I started to scavange for a while, I eventually found a shotgun and ammo, but Glen was stalking me. No matter where I go hes there, it mocks me, I know that. It barely tries to kill me anymore, it just stept on me, or just smack me with it's head, no it didn't eat me, it punched me with it's nose.After some time I found a box with a new map location... It looked like a globe or an atom the icon... Could it be? YES, science! Science can probably help me, I know they can, is there something science can't do?So I had my new destination, towards the science station. After my great journey to science, I could't belive it, Glen was here to, he was looking for me. I took a run for it to the science station, I could hear Glens big footsteps behind me, looking for me. I can't die here, I didn't walk 10 000m to die now. I run, I hide I need to get there, science must have left something good behind for me to take.When I finally arrived, I found two boxes, ""finally, what could be in here?"" I got the first one and opend it and found a shotgun... Well, this could be good, I read the ammo description and noticed it was was specially for big dinos. GREAT, I went to the second one and founda a magnum, this should work to I guess, if I lay down when I shoot I could take him on a mid range.I bucked up and headed towards Glen, he should have left some tracks after him, and he's weary loud to. It didn't take long till he start to roar so my GPS could find the posision the sound comes from. And there he was, Glen, my nemesis, the dino that have made my life to hell here on this planet, I will have my revenge!I found a good hiding spot in a bush, I pulled out my Magnum and aimed carefully on his side neck. If I get a good hit, he should bleed weary much there. I pulled out my first shot, but Glen didn't seem to care weary much. I pulled on more, he looked to the left with no care... WTH, I fire it again, and again and again and again. I fire him 16 times and Glen just didn't care. Then I took my shotgun and fired it. Glen reacted, Could this be it? His weaknes?Glen walked towards me, he knew I was somewhere around, he bypass me, I fired a shot on his neck, he turned around and start to stand over me. My heart start to beat weary loud, I have never been this close to him without him killing me. I couldn't tell if I did any great damage to him, but he walked pass me again later, and I found my chance, I gave him a shot on the side of his head. And I shot again, and again... After 10 round on the same spot, I couldn't believe it, he was still standing, after so much fire power Glen is still standing.Glen left after I feelt my defeat, and found some blood on the ground he left, I took my GPS and scanned it... No... how is it possible? The blood scanned showed that Glen still haves 99%hp left! It's not possible, I.... I... I don't know how to kill Glen... I... I need him dead, I have to see him dead now! I will continue fighting, I will have his head on my wall singing a fun jingle over my fireplace! Some day I will see him fall to the ground, if it so take me my entire LIFE!!!10/10 would Hunt for revenge again!"
,Not Recommended,322920,13410847,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Stubborn Deer,THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE$203 THINGS TO HUNTSPAWN NEXT TO A T-REXBOW AND ARROW♥♥♥♥ YOU
,Not Recommended,322920,14229081,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Smol Pupper,Garbage. ♥♥♥♥ing pure unadulterated pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Garbage.
76561198043570236,Not Recommended,322920,13397129,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Christian Crusader,boring waste of money barely any dinoes to hunt and glitchy and laggy
,Recommended,322920,13380107,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Diablo,"This game is very fun and exciting to play. The aggression system that the dinosaurs use is very unique compare to games I have previously played. There are a few bugs that happen in the game, but so far nothing game breaking. It can be worked on a little more in terms of the stamina system goes. Other than that I am thoroughly loving this game. Check out my youtube channel as well to see the fun I am having!www.youtube.com/diablo2lorddI am very excited to see how this games continues to develope."
76561198037467592,Recommended,322920,13377045,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Anyone want shirtless pics?,"Fokin hard, shot a raptor 8 times to the face with a bow, it said ""u wot m8"" and roffle stomped me. Would get roffle stomped again, 21/10"
76561197971692751,Not Recommended,322920,13418010,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Delle(DK),"Walking simulator 0.1 might be a better title, since that is how I feel when I play the game.First of all it is a beautifull game on a large island. The dinos are beautifull.Well other than that, I did actual only see t-rex and non of the other animals anywhere though I walked 10km on the map.I saw many t-rex dinos and they are extremly deadly. However I did manage to survive an attack by hiding in a tree and laying still for 5 minutes while i could hear the t-rex walking arround outside with its big heavy food steps... After a while I thought it is gone and i slowly crawl away and thought I was so lucky to survive.. However the t-rex spotted me and I could hear it come running for me and then I got killed again.Other than that the game is about exploring. I would say it is a kind of survival game and not much a hunting game since there are only 3 animals so far, and it do require you to find som good gear to be able to do anything... This take alot of time and well the game feel like a ""walking"" simulator more than everything els.ALso the story of the game is rather strange. You walk from a-b to hunt dinos, but you have to find boxes of stuff here and there on the map before you can do so. To be honest I do really not understand WHY there in the first place are boxes here and there in a dino world without humans. Im aware there have been other people there to hunt and stuff like that but it still think it is very strange boxes are scattered over the entire island, it simply do not fit in.I hope this game will add many more animals for free and NOT release DLC's with new animals.Also i sincerely hope that the game will not become like ""the hunter"" where you are limited to only hunting a few animals and if you want to hunt more or see another island then you have to pay for it.In general i do not like the game it is simply very borring.. But ofcourse it is in development so lets see how it will evolve.I will maybe write a new review in the future."
76561198112856913,Not Recommended,322920,15057576,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/DrScales,Nobody likes this game.
76561198081337949,Not Recommended,322920,13405114,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,FURION.,"1: devs has abadoned the game2.if i could scaling  ,it will be 5 out of 100 the game bugs that got fixedtheres a lot actuallybut lazy to wrote a reviewif u had interest of this game ,please DONT BUY IT ,please for ur own sake's save ur money"
,Not Recommended,322920,13483423,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Gorgias the Nihilist,"Wait for new content before buyingMain Problems-Raptors are to hard to kill and appear to often-Travelling is a pain-When ""fighting"" a raptor (which is what you are doing the whole game) you don't die instantly therefore you don't feel very tense, just annoyed as it slowly kills you, plus when you hit it in the face it won't die-Dinosaurs can sense you way to easy making it difficult to escape or traverse the landscape"
,Recommended,322920,17688564,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Yu,Shot a trexKept shooting trex for about 3minPut 50 arrows into trexTrex dies!I winAMERICA ♥♥♥♥ YEA:)
,Recommended,322920,17709882,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,MVPaun,best game ever
76561198117238970,Not Recommended,322920,14496930,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Awesome,"very difficult to find loot as you star the game without the ability to find loot (no radar) and this makes playing the gamer very time consuming. World looks pretty good, but unless you want to spend hours and hours walking around aimlessly, then getting taken out by a raptor that you have no weapons for other than a bow, good luck."
76561198018326732,Not Recommended,322920,16372510,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dr_well,yup this game can't be rebuild back cuz it's worst ever even paceman fun then that game.
76561198016553332,Not Recommended,322920,23129743,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,goth17may,why can not run it has error as i click play wtf  all i got is a start menu then an error  re installed 4 times still error wtf is there evan any game to it or just a start menu if aint fixed imediatly il tell everone never to get and get a refund ffs make sure your games evan playable bfor selling it or is it just a scam
76561198258179681,Recommended,322920,23727755,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,zombierunnerUK,best game 10/10
,Recommended,322920,14297859,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mostart,Suck weed erry day
,Recommended,322920,13384724,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,TheLostBoys,"You will die. 10/10Christofer Sundberg: ""Move over, undead people - dinosaurs are the new zombies""."
,Not Recommended,322920,13397788,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Telephone,Can't play as it crashers on start up. Would no recommend at this point. Will change once I and others can play. 0/10*Still unable to play... (24/12/14)
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,322920,13404179,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"Ok i thought i would put this out there.This is NOT a survival game, as in you need resources, loot for items, build a shelter and get food to survive, a reason to hunt etc.In this game all you got and do is walk around and find a Dino and shoot it, that is it.I can not reccomend this, there is simply zero content in a way and the game will certainly get very boring very quick, just walk around and shoot Dinos is all it has."
76561198061440097,Recommended,322920,15148606,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,RampagingMuffin,"This game is most certainly complete, unlike what other reviews are saying. The mecahnics all work, the dinosaur AI has been vastly improved from what it was, and the number of bugs have been greatly decreased. The Hunter: Primal is a game filled with content and the developers were (and still are) consistantly patching the game and it will continue to get better.The most important thing to say about this game is that it is NOT for everybody. This is a game that requires time and effort to excel at and most people will get angry or give up when they first play. It is a survival/hunting game where you kill dinosuars. why would it be easy?The thing I like most about this game is the suspense. You start out in an unfamiliar island, armed with only a bow (or now a machete) and you have to survive long enough to find better weapons and become the hunter, rather than the hunted. There are heart pounding moments when you are crawling through the jungle trying desperately not to be seen by a pack of raptors hunting you or when you first hear the stomping of a T.rex as it approaches you and subsequently eats you.The Hunter: Primal is best played with friends. Trekking across the jungle to team up with a buddy and hunting and killing a T.rex is a great feeling and it takes a lot of what can be stressful moments away if you have a friend to be with you.In review (get it) this game is fantastic and it only continues to get better as the developers update and improve it. It will take some getting used to and has a steep learning curve but if this game style interests you (and especially if you have buddies to play with) it can be played for hours on end.Plus who doesnt love dinosaurs"
76561197970772522,Not Recommended,322920,14305270,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,PKNecron,"Absolutely HORRIBLE game.  You are not the hunters; you are the hunted.  Prepare to die over and over and over and over...  Not fun in the least, and possibley the most frustrating game I have ever played in my life.  0/10 hell  -10/10."
76561198005681886,Recommended,322920,13377976,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BoBTard,"omfg whats not to like  dino's that hunt you hahaha, Great abit of advise read the in game tips  to help you hunt , Its a must buy i think and anyone whos played the hunter should enjoy this for an early access game .Those UtahRaptors omfg sneak up behind you,  best thing to do lay down in the prone position  pick a rock up and throw it in the opposite direction when you see one learking around it will go to the rock noise and then take aim (becareful allways another one around hiding near a tree )8.5/10 greta game"
,Not Recommended,322920,13888438,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,LochnessGaming,"I was looking forward to this game until I played it..... First off, you can only run for a few seconds at a time and then it takes forver to charge back up, this gets very old very quick.  Next you are so underpowered to fight any of the dinosaurs, ""It really grinds my gears"" as Peter Griffen would say.  However, if you want to walk around in a forest all day with the only highlight being able to find a piece of dino poop; then this could be the game for you.  For the majority of gamers out there this is how we will remember this game... A big T-Rex sized pile of poop."
,Not Recommended,322920,32950262,Posted: 28 June,all,RagingWaffles123,"This game is not a Rip-off of Ark: Survival Evolved but when Ark: Survival Evolved came out 3 months after its release it had lots more to do and more then a small 4-5 dinos in it. Another reason is that in Ark: Survival Evolved you counld battle then tame/kill dinos unlike this game where you just battle again 4-5 dinos so you lose interest in the game and evetualy uninstall it, for me I uninstalled after 1-2 days of playing this game. I could make a whole list that would take around an hour  on how I don't think this game is very good but I want to give you only a few reasons that could convince you to NOT buy this game... If you want a game like this then I would recommend Ark: Survival Evolved but get it during the summer sale because it is $30 but during the Summer Sale it is 14.69 cents"
76561198150000181,Not Recommended,322920,13700331,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,HolyDonkey,"Game doesn't even start... and developers do nothing about it for month. Really don't buy this crap! 1/5 people think that this review is helpful, but 5/5 have problems with this game, and 3/5 didn't even see how this game looks like, as it freezes on start for them. You like animals, better buy ""Depth"" - really nice game."
,Recommended,322920,23815404,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LulWeayn,Such guud dino geme pls develap moar pls.  luv u capcom pls. luv
76561198144038476,Not Recommended,322920,23672221,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,KillMe,meh
76561198041407947,Not Recommended,322920,14188000,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,GoochSlurp Part 2 The Taintening,"awefull, waste of time and money, freaking T-rex and raptors follow you to the ends of the earth. enjoy respawning over and over for hours while desperately trying to find a gun, any gun: only to be turned into poo."
76561198171039177,Recommended,322920,29679670,Posted: 3 February,all,godzillaguy,best game in the world
,Not Recommended,322920,25635956,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,SnackBar,hahah so gay
76561198086355920,Not Recommended,322920,13962996,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,RayD,OVERRATED.THERE IS REALLY NOT MUCH TO DO IN THIS GAME .
,Not Recommended,322920,14087440,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,tact,I don't understand. Turd Hunter 2015.
,Not Recommended,322920,20318969,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,robomagon,Game advertises single player on its store page.Won't even start in Offline Mode.0/10 would refund again.
,Recommended,322920,15139196,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TicklePickle,"Love it, Buy it, Need it"
76561198011035394,Not Recommended,322920,22920522,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,zander,I want my 20 dollars back this game blows
76561198031280196,Not Recommended,322920,25198325,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Azi ヽ(◉◡◔)ﾉ,dino pew is dead
76561198012670157,Recommended,322920,13378579,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hvorfor er jeg god i alt?,"Played it for 5 minutes, got eaten by a t-rex twice. That world are not mean for humans."
76561198076104157,Not Recommended,322920,13971942,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,TheBadAIDS,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad. I shot a T-Rex for 20 seconds, ran out of arrows, and he just did a 360 for two minutes before deciding to bite my♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ these development ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I hope you all burn in hell, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,322920,13382721,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Kementari,"After i click  ""Play Now!""... my game crash.  A error ..."" An unknown  error occured. Please try again.""""Erro: - 1073741811 ""I do that more than 10 times, and keep the same problem...   Anyone have the same problem and know who to fix this ???Thx if someone knows who to fix that :)"
76561198049435011,Recommended,322920,14442895,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,[ZSU] Eazy,- Me and my teammate follow t-rex tracks- We spot t-rex- I tell my teammate to get to another position before we shoot- I tell him to shoot first so I know he's ready- He shoots t-rex- T-rex is mad and chases teammate- I stand and watch- T-rex catches teammate and eats him- T-rex is eating dinner unaware of me- I shoot T-rex's heart with slugs and get the kill- I take trophy shot of T-rex- I tell teammate I will guard his stuff- I secretly take all his loot- I say I have to go and there's no one close enough to get the loot before he does- I switch servers- I rinse and repeat10/10 would trick gullible pioneers
76561198125119536,Not Recommended,322920,23406784,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,brenton357,CDNCJKCJCJCKJCXMKVBNMFCJVIKBNJSDSJDIFJWSJDHSGHDJAHXYDXUDSJUCUVJUDFUDCUV8CFUSIKVIFCJVUDUVUDUVIDUCUVIFIGIFGJFJFGBHUT98Y98ERTF98YFEUDFHUVFHUERHUWUYESAudhuvffsfe9ijjdfsfehudfsfedfsdfsdsdsahuddsawqDFSGHUDEQOIEogr9dfwerthunjgijwgoijfgnjfbhidfsadfsadfzfsafsa9juwadsp98udsagiudsiudsiufeDFSADSAUDSAIUCXDWHUS WEUDSAUDSADSAHUDSADSDFSOIDFFGOIJDFS DSDFSDFS98UYDFRDFOIJDFGDFGIJDFOIOIDFGOIJ09J0JUOIJFIDFSADFSDFSUOIJOIJOIJGJDGIJDFGIJDFSFGHFGHFGHFGHPOKPOIKFGHPOKHPOKFGH-POKFGHFGHFGHFGHDFGHPOFGH[POKFFGNXDSPOKPOKDFGPODFPODFGOFGPOKGH[POKPOKDFGGHOIKFEOIGRKL.GRPOGPLKGSDFGPODFFGHOKGDFGIJDFGSDSOIKIJDGFGIDGZDFG9976945Y046093450934-05-0DFHJDFOJKFESADSADFSDSADVSSONJDFPOIJDFSMKDFSAIJIJPOIJDADFGSFSAFOIJDFSDSABXDSADAOIJDFPOIJDFIJDFUF9HUDFSAOI8UDFGWEOIJWEvffedfboij[poijdfbzfepoijdFoijdfsijwe98uOIJDFSOIJIJDFSDFSOIJDfsaDFSOIJ WE9IIJKFRSJKCVBPOIJRSPOJFgsPOKdfsKDfsOJKDVDDSDVOIJDFOIJVFCVBZFBXZMKDFBZOIJvNJCVXZNJKCVBXZOIJDVCVXZCvxDSPOIJDFSCDCNIC 540 319 3110
,Recommended,322920,13377146,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Smoka Cola,"It's a survival game with dinosaurs, it's what you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s always wanted."
76561198072877851,Not Recommended,322920,13381069,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,JohnBods,Servers are too buggy atm! But like all early access games it has lots of potential.
76561197968687811,Recommended,322920,13375985,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Rofle,Looks promising
76561197972288952,Recommended,322920,14723733,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,awcurdie,"Graphics are excellent if your PC can handle them lots of incidental, animations happenning all the time.Unfortunately I am still on the learning curve and coupled with a few bugs, e.g. half the time I start a game my player is locked facing one direction so if I want to move left I end up moving sideways, cant sprint either, so just walk along casually with a t-rex chomping at my back, I am sure if this is not specifically related to my installation it can easily be fixed, annoying getting killed by something I cant even see !Not had too much time on this because of the direction bug, but all I managed to find was a couple of rocks 1 mushroom and a lot of teeth in my back.Cant even punch in this game, the thing that is eating me just munches away while I stand there holding up my GPS device like a tv remote.  That said I think bugs aside, there has been a lot of hard work put into this game, I am sure with bugs fixed it will be highly reccomended."
76561198076822573,Recommended,322920,30629603,Posted: 19 March,all,Node 712,it is fun hunting but need more guns. they should just had this game over to moders to fix and make more fun
76561197991954383,Recommended,322920,18329503,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Wild,"ARK isnt the same.. they dumped alot of HIGH END graphics, into a small mixing bowl.. stole ideas from indy game developers.. thousands of gamers CANT even play ARK! it takes HARDCORE internet speed along with a thousand dollar computer system to even play that so called ""game""..Ark.. most laptops wont even let u log into its server..AT least THE HUNTER allows average players to log on and enjoy its treasures!PLEASE DONT GIVE UP ON THIS GAME"
76561198138558371,Recommended,322920,16531060,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,inFamy,Fail
,Recommended,322920,15155213,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,BroItzChaz,"Edited: Did a number of fixes. This game, Can be fun for the Patient player. BUT...Dont buy it, unless its on Sale. Didnt put it back in early access, But its still a much more polished game, than when I first wrote this ReviewI Want to recommend this game. When it was in Early Access, I would recommend it, With the only concern being its in Early Access.But now its been released, At such a unstable. Un-polished, Un-balanced state.If they put it back in early access, I would love to recommend this game as possibly one of the best Dino Games out there."
76561198006376002,Not Recommended,322920,13501106,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Fratabasha,"December 15th 2015: ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME, so full of bugs, bad spawning point and ♥♥♥♥ off, Just buy a game like ARK Survival Evolved.I played as a solo player so my evaluation might not apply for multiplayer.  My first impression is that this game is a hunting game where 99% of the time, you're the prey. Of the three types of dinosaurs that you can hunt, the tyrannosaurus is to player what he is to a ant. The utahraptor make you feel uneasy when it's alone and it get worse when they're in pack. The triceratops goes from ""easy prey"" to fast as hell when you manage to hit it, and you have to follow it to the gate of hell to hunt it down. This game is not a survival game, as the only threat to  your life are the dinosaurs and the water (because you can't swim). There is no consideration about sleeping, eating, drinking, infections and other hazard that we love to overcome in survival game. I didn't notice fall damage, especially when I fell from a huge mountain. Of course, the game is in early access so I'm sure the game will be a blast with a interesting start like thatPro:-Beautiful environment-The settlements seem to show potential for safe haven or some history-The dinosaurs are very well done and their behavior are interestingCon:-The shooting system is not great, especially in a tight spot-The basic bow is pretty useless no matter what you are hunting and to get better weapons, you have to search for hours. And even with better weapons, you need to use stealth like I never had to in other game.-The inventory does not combine similar items together, like arrow or bullet.-To have a true hunting gear, it's all up to luck and hours of search for almost nothing-There is no crafting-The variety of dinosaurs needs to be increased."
,Not Recommended,322920,15191540,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,W@nn@be,I loved this game for a while got addicted but... the devs NEVER updateded it but now they are updating it with a new update that added in a boss and more weapons and a pod beacon that respawns  you right by your beacon pretty nice eh! well the game is DIFFICULT it takes about 30-40 hours to get the hang of the game and actually be able to solo a T-Rex.
,Not Recommended,322920,17112122,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Einheitlich Germanischen Reich,"A really good dino survival game! Scary and enticing! You will die every 10 minutes! But thats about the only good things about the game. Players (IF YOU CAN FIND ANY) are annoying and are asses, the dinos are completely annoying because you can't do anything about them unless you have the♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game, or if your in a very well coordinated group. you can't really ge anything good because dinos are everywhere near the good stuff and you would get killed going anywhere near anything good. This game personally I think is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥because of the shear annoyance of everything."
76561198039897909,Recommended,322920,20130679,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,VeRyBaDBaBy,"The best T-Rex hunting game out there.  A lot of reviewers ask for more features and contents.  Well, all I can say is, compare this game with its competitors.  It is the best of its kind.  They're releasing new weapons and new animal too.  Its fun to play with friends.  I do not recommend playing alone - always more fun to watch others get chomped by t-rex while you run away and surive :))."
,Not Recommended,322920,20101183,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ghosty4k ヤン,Getting Error 3 when trying to launch the game.. RIP and it's only on this account where i bought the game.If i try to launch the game on my alt account i have for csgo it then works fine. also my friend tried with he's pc to open the game and says the same... RIP my game.
76561198133241658,Recommended,322920,20112751,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,kieran oconnor,"Its really immersive until you realise theres only 5 dinosaurs, but overall its fun.7/10"
76561198075610928,Recommended,322920,17636393,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,wboler05,"I'm pretty torn on this game.  You're thrown into a new world through an escape pod and left with a machete and a map chip to help guide you through an expansive world.  Your apparent objective is to hunt down as many dinosaurs before succumbing to your inevitable demise.  Once you die, your equipment and your body is left to be eaten while a ""family member"" is spawned at a random place nearby.  If you want that equipment back, you basically have to trek through the jungles and mountains to regain your possessions or search for more boxes of goodies scattered throughout the lands.The pros of this game are that you get to walk around with dinosaurs, enjoying the view, and taking the time to learn the long-lost art of tracking down game.  You can spend hours doing this.The cons are plentiful.  There aren't many dinosaurs.  You'll only get the 5 types of dinosaurs advertised.  It can get pretty repetitive hunting down the same dinosaurs over and over.  There's not much variety in that sense.  To make matters worse, the AI for the dinosaurs are pretty bad.  They each have their own way to move, which of course makes sense, but they tend to move directly towards a waypoint.  If you run out of the way, they will not change their path.  They'll arive at the waypoint, then turn around to recalculate.  This doesn't make the game any easier, because the T-Rex will kill you, but the realism takes a hit in that sense.To add to the cons, the game is not fun when you're playing it alone.  It's all fine and dandy while learning how to do things, but once you figure out the main aspect of the game it gets pretty boring.  I can only play long enough until I die, and then I shut the game off.There are no missions or no primary objectives.  You just kill dinosaurs and hope to harvest them for points.  You collect the same objects over and over, and then go out and use them against only a few of the dinosaurs.  The rest of the time, you're tracking for hours looking for the one that you wounded while avoiding the ones that are just too hard to kill or more likely to kill you in one blow.  You need multiplayer to make this game enjoyable.And my biggest buzz kill is no controller support.  I never liked keyboard/mouse games, especially when I have a perfectly good controller that can execute all of the small list of tasks available to the player.  Your guy can't even climb, jump, or swim, so there's nothing complex behind slapping on a few instructions for a controller.Overall, I say it's a well made game that I enjoyed for some time and would recommend for others to play, but like the dinosaurs it doesn't stand the test of time."
,Recommended,322920,17599817,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Blue,"I've enjoyed this game greatly! I wish there were more dinosaurs available to hunt but overall the game is easily played, easy to understand, and the community is generally, very helpful!Finally a ""shooter"" that isn't focused on headshots! Pro-Tip, aim for the heart!"
,Recommended,322920,17614263,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,The Punisher,"Great game if you love hunting, and dinosaurs. :D"
,Recommended,322920,17896926,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,undead_Equinox,"Ok this is my first review so stick with me here.The hunter primal is a hunting game where you have to actually get off your backside and stalk the enemy there is none of this guns blazing so if you are impatient don't get it and if you do you've been warned so don't come here kicking and screaming after 2 hours of gameplay calling it s%%tthere are pro's and con's like with all games of this caliber yes the devs could put more into it with updates new dino's and new weapons, they should also do something about the amount you can carry.you dont need real money to buy the better gear it can all be found in game or you get in game currency when you kill the dino's but you'll only get to use that when you die and trust me YOU WILL DIE!you are being hunted everything wants to kill you and on the pvp servers its twice as bad.if you like games where you hunt in the means of tracking the prey then stalking it actually aiming and saving ammo and getting that good shot in the head or heart top drop the ""trophy"" or shoot it in the lungs legs or wherever and follow a blood trail then this is for you.if you cant be bothered to wait around save ammo and try to find the biggest trike or something then dont get it.hopefully the devs will put more into it but there is a big emphasis on hopefully the devs will put more into this"
,Not Recommended,322920,17874296,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dr.Whiff,29.99$ for a hungarian language optimization patch ...... what was i expecting from this developer ? Can you even call them that ?
76561198005991264,Not Recommended,322920,13420232,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Ultimatejim,"12/17/2014: So far I'm loving this game. I've played about 6 hours as of writing this and I've played solo as well as with friends. I will say, if you're looking for a terrifying experience, play solo. With the lights off. With the bass on the speakers way up. And put a glass of water next to you.The gameplay feels little clunky and rigid, but it's an early alpha stage of the game and there's only 3 types of dinosaurs at the moment, but for what stage this game is in it looks beautiful, the sound effects are terrifying, and it's not a run and gun once you get gear, but you MUST evade dinosaurs at all times or you're probably going to die. They're clever and violent.Aside from the expected buggy nature of an early alpha game, I would highly recommend this game. 9/10UPDATEUPDATEUPDATEUPDATEUPDATEUPDATEUPDATEUPDATEUPDATEUPDATE!UPDATE 3/3/2015: As a full release game, there isn't much that has been added to the game and there's a serious lack of variety in dinosaurs and vegetation. There's a barely existent backstory, no driven purpose, and it feels like it was rushed to release with a promise of more material based on how well the game does AFTER ""Full"" release. That's a very poor marketing choice and practically screams ""Bored, now! Here's this thing we made. Now get bent.""The game can't do well if it's left unfinished by community standards, but promising to finis- errr, ""add more"" to the game if it does well despite that fact is foolish and near-sighted. It cannot do well in its current state and I am thoroughly disappointed in the devs for rushing it to release with so little content."
76561198171607354,Recommended,322920,16831320,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,✦♛TheKingSLO♛✦,Top♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME BUY IT!!
76561198052382911,Not Recommended,322920,17130703,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Stan,"Balance is terrible and not much to do after a point. I bought when it was in its first stages, dropped for a bit then came back recently to see if anything had changed; Nothing really changed would not recommend you buy its pretty much dead and abandoned"
,Recommended,322920,17135855,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,♥♥♥♥ing sweet!looks and sounds so reallike deer hunter but with dinos.....that eat you .not alot of dinos around but when you find them your heart racesHUGE PRETTY WORLD!fun alone better with friendsdino hunt you tono food or water to stay alive ...thank god lol9/10 would have gave 10/10 if had more dinos
,Not Recommended,322920,17140951,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Farticus,"Eh. There's such little content it's not worth my time to review. It is important to avoid this game, though. Quick cash grab early access alpha, should still be alpha. It's not any good, and sadly (as it had much going for it), it never will be."
76561198021855160,Not Recommended,322920,15241349,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Filthy Pillager,They have abandoned the game DO NOT BUY i reviewed this as possitive but it was before i realized how♥♥♥♥♥♥this is
76561198182627971,Recommended,322920,17126691,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,M.A.V.1127,All i want to say is its a awesome game but it also needs more dinosaurs and we should be able to ride the dinosaurs with saddles that we can find in crates and can you add tranq arrows for the bow so that we can get the dinosaur. There one more thing can there be water dinosaurs please. Thank you
76561198029297778,Not Recommended,322920,17746638,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Hillarity,Waste of money
,Recommended,322920,17839286,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Archispookitect,Spawn-camped by utahraptors for hours.8.75/10 Squid Rating System
76561198068629802,Not Recommended,322920,18199422,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Owen,"Really good game until they stopped development, whats the point of half making a game not true developers IMO."
,Not Recommended,322920,16631476,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,scachich,"this wasnt worth it, somehow i got comfused and bought the wrong game, but that was my fault, still when i bought it i expected it to be similar screamshoots, but all i saw was a chunck of low graphics, walked around a hour, what did i found? absoluty nothing, i died for no reason twice, not for hunger, or either being killed, if you consider on buying this or other survivial games.. i recomend the new one which is pre-realese... if you dont have enough money for both dont waste your money on this pathethic scam."
76561197987262658,Recommended,322920,16679049,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,-NACA-,"This game is finally what I've been waiting for since Carnivores 2 came out on PC ages ago.  You hunt dinosaurs, not deer, in a big world with plenty of weapons full of immersion.  The sounds are amazing and can really get you tense when a T-Rex is around.  However, at its current stage, the price is a little bold.They've done pretty much everything right to please me, but the lack of dinosaur species and lack of interaction between the different species that are there makes the world feel . . . well . . . empty.  Especially when I only play solo.  However, the game is only worth like ten to fifteen bucks at its current state.  If the developers can bring in more species (not all of them needing to be carnivores either) and program them to realistically interact with each other, than I would rate this game a 10/10 because seriously.  Dinosaurs!"
,Recommended,322920,16679090,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Newota_Waya,I think this game rocks and is kinda scary when you're trying to avoid the T-Rex.
,Not Recommended,322920,16716800,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,lilnoobito,"It doesn't have alot going for it really. You spawn walk around hope you get good loot from boxes and then you go around finding ammo and when you and your friends finally get around to it, shoot dinosaurs. Then, that's it. The leveling system quickly becomes unnecessary as the loot you find quickly outrank what you can purchase in the store. I just can't imagine how somebody can devote a lot of time in this ""better with friends"" game."
,Not Recommended,322920,16610751,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sterling Archer,Bought this before refunds were available. This game makes me sad. 19 minutes of gametime and no refund.
76561198061821624,Recommended,322920,14077783,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,edswirles,its fun
,Recommended,322920,14152534,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,⊰★ FrankenBell,"So far this game is really great, I am really enjoying it for it being a early access game. I also understand it's getting tweaks and is still being worked on with players giving feedback on bugs and such. I really love how immersive this game is. The realism of the environment and the feel of being stalked when the sound of dinosaurs are just out of range really picks up your heart beat. The details of the dinosaur's are impressive their AI's are a little finicky right now (As sometimes a Utah Raptor will randomly run around in circles). But other than that, it's REALLY fantastic. I have yet to run into a T-Rex and a Triceratops. I only wish when you die you keep your inventory, but I suppose that's half the fun! Really love the expansive environment only do wish there happened to be more edibles to find such as berries or other smaller animals to kill for easy food. Other than that, Fantastic! I recommend it. :)"
76561198059596923,Recommended,322920,14139752,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Richo,this game is a fun but very frustrating game
76561198079017095,Recommended,322920,13538031,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MysticMC,"The dinosaurs look amazing, the graphics are amazing. It is the best hunting game I have played so far. The tension you feel when you are hiding in a bush as a huge T-rex walks past is awesome. I hope they add more dinos soon."
,Recommended,322920,13539573,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jvep420,Challenging and Terrifying!!
,Recommended,322920,13440539,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ASpecialOstrich,its scary as hell
,Recommended,322920,13444284,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Roy0441,"This isnt the game to survive alone. AI is very unforgiving and will hunt you down. 2-4 man is needed. from dodging 2 t-rex's to 8 pack of rapters this game is hunting you! Only hope of survival is to find your friend quickly and start hunting care packages. Learn shot placement as normal shots are not going to kill them. Only vital heart or double lung shots will kill immediately. kidney, single lung and stomach shots are semi-fatal but will not kill immediately. Leg and head shots are even more useless. To survive is to learn how to fight and pick your fights. This review is for PvE only. I dont dare imagine what PvP is like. God be with you..."
,Recommended,322920,16815085,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,PiXel,i really like this game but right now i wish if it could update and add a bunch new dinos coz i am starting to get bored but it is recomanded for dino hunters fan / dino survival
76561198080609610,Recommended,322920,16819008,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,guitardude216,This game is great ! !
,Not Recommended,322920,16487886,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ChinChillaGames,"I want to preface this review by stating that the game can actually be enjoyable in small doses with several people. The game has a plethora of issues between glitchy hitboxes, glitchy textures, glitchy movement, overpowered dinosaurs, underpowered weapons, a shortage of weapons, an incredibly large distance of aggravation for t-rexes, and a map that is simply too big to explore at the snails pace that you move.A huge game issue for me is simply the fact that after dinos are hit often enough they run away at a speed you can't match. As soon as they exit the camera it's almost as if their health resets. This is an infuriating mechanic for a game with the objective to actually kill things.An important thing to note is that firearms or a bow is almost required to kill a dino, and they are found few and far between.Ultimately, this is a game with a lot of potential, which was overall wasted."
,Not Recommended,322920,13642001,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Goose,"Very fun and realistic game. It actually matters where you shoot the dinosaurs, for example if they got shot in the long they could try to escape but quickly die due to their injury.Yes, I know this is early access but I'd like to make a suggestion. As of now, 12/27/14 I think there are way too many t-rex's. Every time I spawn im killed by a trex within a few minutes. If not less trex's then make it harder for them to catch you, like giving them poor eyesight and scent.Other than that I think its a great game and i cant wait to see what else they add.--EDIT--Devs have abandoned the game, which has very minimal content and much less than was promised. Do not support this game, it is definitely not worth the money at this stage."
76561198114120788,Not Recommended,322920,13975713,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Primal,ok first of all this is a good game not saying it crap if you like to play dino games like i do then this games kinda for youproblems with the gameok i could name over 9000 bugs but i wontthe devs may have stoped working on the gameand theres a lack of things in the gamegood things about the gameDINOS :Dgood gameplaycool items etci wish the devs will still work on the game but in its state if no one helps this game i cant recommend it
76561198092829352,Not Recommended,322920,13385808,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Dablife,early access forever
76561198006931996,Not Recommended,322920,14313793,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Funkle,Game is trash without more updates.
76561198249153204,Recommended,322920,17937640,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,goldpride3267,"This game is exactly what I expected.  Those who say it's a bad game are use to run and gun and being given an advantage. This game however is about strategy, patience, and precision! The scenery is phenomenal, and the game play is pretty smooth.  Although the raptors are annoying, and the occasional t-rex spawn trap ruin things from time to time, it wouldn't be nearly as fun without those surprise elements! The game will needs work in areas but is overall fantastic!  Well worth it to me, but maybe not if you've never hunted or had any kind of patience to stalk prey and defend against predators constantly."
76561197995467798,Not Recommended,322920,14076811,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Grand Nagus Quark,The Utahraptors remind me of my cats. :)This game is incredible. Buy it.The devs are busy updating it practically every other day. Most of the things I've wished for in this game have already appearing in the week I've been playing.
,Recommended,322920,13624623,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BlossomBoy,"thehunter Primal, more like thehunted Primal."
,Recommended,322920,13615765,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,T1GREXHUNTER,Works great but please fix movement!
,Recommended,322920,13672302,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,I_No_scoped_JFK,"I have to say, I absolutely love the feel of the game so far. Dropped in with nothing but a bow and no choice but to survive. You never know what is waiting around the next bend, what loot you might find, if any, and whether or not you can trust others. Nerve wracking in a good way. That being said the game isn't perfect, AI could improve as im sure it will, melee and jumping could also be an option. Swimming is going to be a must, and im sure equipment durability would add another layer to the game. Overall i'm impressed for twenty dollars!"
,Recommended,322920,13674664,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,STRong3r,Put your headsets on cause you will need it.
,Recommended,322920,13676273,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr.Robot,"I have to say when buying the game I really started to question if it was going to be worth it. I have a monster PC so the graphics are great and not as bad as I thought. Also the gameplay is great. There are some bugs, like when a dinasour charges you and you avoid it, sometimes he gets glitched and doesnt turn around and you hit him 10+ times, but after he does turn around 1 shot kills him. But listen If the devople team really fixes these bugs and adds a few items, like a compass would be HUGE! but all in all this game forsurely worth buying and playing."
76561198061070755,Recommended,322920,13650877,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Deadmancw,this game has potential but a lot of things need to be improved
,Recommended,322920,13654607,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ghost of the Bastard Man,This is the dinosaur survival game we've been waiting for.It's damn good where it is and theres still more to come.
76561198043910686,Recommended,322920,13541894,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,|LaG| V!C!OUS,"OMG!!!! I hate and totally love this game. It is by far the most intense, at times, game I've played yet. It does have some drawbacks though which I will address in a minute. First, i'd like to congratulate the dev team that worked on the sound and graphics. Some of the settings are absolutely spectacular. My brother and I just bought it today and I found myself staring at a couple of sunsets and a triceratops roaming down by the ocean. They're so life-like.The utahraptors...don't get me started. They were so hard to deal with in the dense forest I finally quit trying to get my stuff back. I was almost there once. I was traveling a little gully and saw a pack of them ahead of me say 50 yards away. Too late, I've been spotted. I laid down and worked my way over against the side of a rock wall as they approached. I can hear them hissing and that weird growling. One just walked right by me.  My God, they're everywhere. I can see their tails. Okay, my screen is red and I'm am feeding them with my entrails. I love this game.The pros are the intensity is insane. There are long stretches when nothing happens, but the never knowing when something is going to happen, especially at night makes the intensity more enthralling. The sound and graphics are top-notch. The utahraptors actually herded us up a hill where we had no choice but to take a stand against them. Very real feeling of dread. Between my bow and my brother's .308 scoped hunting rifle we won. My brother ran out of bullets. I'm going to cut this short because he's back and we're going to play some more.The minuses are the stamina. It runs out wat too fast IMO. Should last a little longer, but not too much. There's not enough wildlife yet. There should be a crafting system to build a place to make a homebase. Or perhaps a structure that can be used as one. That's it for now.If you like survival games, some long stretches of just looting and exploring followed by stomach twisting moments of chaotic mayhem where hours of hard work can be extinguished by one bite...this game should not be missed. Twenty bucks and my brother and I are hooked. In the immortal words of Axl Rose, welcome to the jungle baby...you're gonna die!"
,Recommended,322920,13463513,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sir Punpun,"It's really fun, in it's current state it's quite buggy but that is to be expected with an early access game. there is single and multi player, however it's the most fun when you play with a group."
76561197974101197,Recommended,322920,13464732,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,5imulated5teve,http://youtu.be/R0AUmx6Efb8
,Recommended,322920,13465588,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Shattered831,"This is a quick initial review after spending my first 1.6hrs in game, all opinions are subjective to change as the game updates as it is in Early Acess State.I had initially heard of this game from a youtuber by the name of DevilDogGamer, listening to him talk about it immediately peaked my interest. The thought of being dropped in a distant land full of dangerous prehistoric predators with the sole intention to turn the hunters into the hunted.  Dinosaurs have always been of interest, an while currently limited in the species type this game did not fall short of delivering an immersive experience.PC Specs - MSI 890FXA-GD70 mobo, AMD Phenom 2x6 1075T cpu, XFX 6870HD gpu, Gskill Ripjawz 8gb ram, WD caviar black 2TB HDD, Onboard Realtech HD audioRating - 8/10Pros:1) The game is beautiful minus a few graphical glitches I noticed here an there, nothing major however. Sometimes I would notice a few white slivers here an there as well from textures that haven't loaded. However with that said my GPU is dated an it still looked gourgous for the better part.2) Sounds/ambience - The audio for this game has so far been done in extremely good taste. The nature of this game forces you to constantly be vigilant and paying attention. You are being hunted after all, An with time the 3 different dinos become easily distinguishable between them. There is also the atmospheric background noise, as well as the terrain/movement sounds.  There was one sound I feel could use some improvement, which would be when the raptors are coming up on you. To me it sounds like a record player playing static and it keeps skipping, It's by no means a game killer but it does get kind of annoying after a bit.3) Each individual dino looks amazing and unique, I love that the devs took into account that many believe modern day birds evolved from dinos ( I agree with this but if you don't to each their own ). It's evident in the designs as portrayed by the feathers particularily on the raptor which raptor in itself means bird of prey.4) Tracking is easy for anyone, Your not going to walk up to a dino sign an sit an wonder for 10 min what it was. Each animal has its own individual sounds and tracks, it's very important to be able to decifer what exactly your chasing... or whats chasing you for that matter.5) Loot crates stand out, they show up nicely on the pda as well. With a bright orange color, an audio que and the pda dropping you rite on top of it they're hard to miss. I also found plenty of them, an while most had decent drops in it I'll get into my thoughts for improvements on them later.Areas of Improvement1) First an foremost to few weapons, I haven't found a single firearm as of this post within the amount of time I have played. I get the survival with limited resources aspect an that this game isn't supposed to be easy, But with the number of crates I opened something other then another bow would have been nice. I did however find enough arrows the T-rex probably would have chocked on them if it wasn't ultimately a pack of raptors that did me in.2) Non-stackable items - I ultimately died from running out of arrows with my bow, not because I didn't have any but because my stack of 8 had run out and in haste switched to my stack of 3 which is no bueno with 3 raptors chasin ya down.  Pick a number and allow us to stack it up to that, doesn't have to be big i'ld say 8-10 if you'ld like to keep it limited.3) some dino suggestions for the future - Stegosaurus, Ankylosaurus, Allosaurus, Pteranodon ( more so for ambience then to hunt ), Archeopteryx ( again for ambience ), Baryonyx.All in all it was an enjoyable experience and I look forward to playing it and progressing with it as it updates. This is the game many of us have been waiting for, and tho this is just the first lick of the spoon it's already hit my sweet tooth.  I would recommend playing with a friend, tho it could work against you as well depending on the type of experience your seeking.I will continue to update this as improvements and changes are made, this is just an initial review an thoughts of the game in its current state."
,Recommended,322920,13470472,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dragonhanx,"I see Potencial for greatness, Check out the Ealy Early Access Videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AI2n3WgO5g4"
76561198037057801,Recommended,322920,13550066,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Spongebong,"I have played TheHunter: Primal For about 20 hours now so here is my review. For a early access game the graphics look really good, and the map is huge and the forest looks really amazing.It does lack a little bit of life though, so far they only have 3 dinosaurs, Utahraptor,Triceratops, Tyrannosauras Rex. These dinosaurs have there own traits and habits, for example. The Utahraptor raptors usually will hunt is packs, so you have to be carful not to get flanked by them. The Triceratops is usually a none aggressive dinosaur of course dont provoke them or they will fight back. The Tyrannosauras Rex is probobly the most scary and toughest of the 3, usually when he is around he will let out a big rour, when the t-rex get's closer you will start to hear big thumping sounds of his feet. The A.I for these dinosaurs i find quite good. Also dinosaurs have certain weak spots like heart and other vital organs, dont go for the head.You start the game off with just a bow and some arrows , you must explore the island for boxes which might have weapons, outfits, or health canisters. You will also have GPS type device called the settlemate, it will help you locate these boxes and also help you let you know were the dinosaurs are.The game does have multiplayer up to 16 players online, the online is really fun!.......when it works. there is no dedicated servers yet which is really disappointing. To play with friends you have to open ports to your router and it's a big pain and sometimes does not always work. When you join other peoples games sometimes the players your with dont have good enough connection which will cause a black screen, it seems to happen quite often on servers, and it's really annoying. I hope they will fix this soon because the game is really fun to play with friends.OverallThe good+Good Graphics+Fun gamplay+Cool dinosaurs+Big mapCons-Online needs fixed-No ammo stacking-Sprint Does not last long-No real story7.5/10 So far this game is on the right path hopefully by full release this will be one of the best dinosaurs games to come out in a long time."
76561198079624235,Recommended,322920,13552424,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Donut Lord,pretty fun but awsome once u have a group of geared people and can go hunt down dino'snot sure if it currently worth £15 but it got alot of fun in it
76561198060855940,Recommended,322920,13706086,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,spatak,"ok here are a couple of things-most servers are locked so people can play with friends-the servers that are not locked are a mix of coop and pvp-raptors are frustrating as all hell only because they are everywere and run in packs so it sucks when you just start fresh-rexs ♥♥♥♥ everything up and take a while to get ride ofother then those the minor problems-game crashes 3 out of 5 times-you have to port forward to have your own server to play with friends-if you dont play on mid lvl grafics or higher the game looks like complete trash-you cant hip fire your guns at all, shotguns rifles pistols dosnt matter you have to aim down the sights to fireso if you run into say a pack of raptors and you want to back up and shoot you have to stop and shootother then those which in some cases are so bad, i am still going to play this game do to siting in one spot for 20 min waiting for a trex to ♥♥♥♥ off"
,Recommended,322920,13810469,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SpookyCorgi,"I highly advice that you purchase this game. If you have played theHunter (free to play) and you liked the style and purpose of the game, then you will love this. It may cost 14.99, but the game is still being developed, which mean there is loads more to come. Oh yeah, and there DINOSAURS! :D"
,Not Recommended,322920,13814584,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,The_Peruvian,I literally handed my money over to game that doesn't even run at start.
76561198170023826,Recommended,322920,13926306,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,steve.aquaweb,best game ive ever played even better than call of duty ore grand theft auto and they where my life
,Recommended,322920,13935786,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,(SAS)Ghost,for all you hunters out there i have a Facebook page where you can show of your Kills and get help from Players who have been playing for a while please join us herehttps://www.facebook.com/groups/643875929031930/
76561198063814743,Recommended,322920,14064372,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,shanic77,"Open world, no hand holding dinosaur hunting game. Even though its still being created and updated, it has a nice level of polish. Animations look great, and the enviroment looks nice. Dinosaurs are scary, due to how easy they can kill you, but also scary in a  realistic sense because they dont always find you. Join a player vs. player server and basically play ""Hunger games: Dinosaurs are here too""Some of the most suspensful moments in this game are the moments when you dont even push a key or move the mouse, and  a T-Rex is walking 6 feet away from you. Do you move away, or hope it passes? You only have 6 arrows and 4 magnum rounds. Its choices like these that really are special with this game. Your not overpowered with machine guns, and you move like a human carrying gear.Throw some headphones on, and you can really sink many hours into this game looking for better gear, and hunting.However to call the game a hunter game at times can be tough, might as well call it ""TheSurvivor"" because you feel powerless at times. You usually start off with a bow and arrows but their is almost no way to tell were the arrow flys when you shoot it until you see the little ""smoke"" effect it makes hitting the ground. Making it a bit frustrating to use at times unless you like 10 feet away from a raptor. Obviously if your 10 feet from a ratpor with a bow, your a dead man if there are 2  or more raptors which is almost the case, so prepare to die a lot.Likes:-Dinosaurs! (Only 3 for now, but its the most requested 3 I would say)-Open world-Not an easy game-Multiplayer! Play with up to 16 people as teams! Or play against other players! (2 types of enemys!)-Player vs player mode really is scary with both threats everywhere, only using your ears and eyes-Your little screen device will give you subtle hints on dino locations, but not enough to feel overpoweredDislikes:-The Bow is not well designed. Aim and fire and you dont see the arrow in the air, only were it hits assuming you hit ground and can see the ""smoke"" effect. Makes you say ""Were did the arrow go?"" a lot. Especially since this is a starting weapon, it makes it frustrating when the game also spawns you near 4 raptors. Would be nice if it worked like a crossbow with some kind of indicator of distance and being able to see the arrow fly to adjust aim.-Sound design can be better. Its not sounds themselves, but were the sound is coming from. The Trex stomping is an awesome sound, but it seems like it just plays, with little sense of direction. A lot of sounds could use a better sense of direction. I can tell its coming from behind me, or in front of me but not to the left right or center.-There is too much walking with not enough reward. The best loot (Weapons) are only at specific camps marked on maps while there are random pick ups across the map but they always have decent stuff. Why cant the randoms have good pick ups? Makes me only want to check out camps.Overall if you like dinosaurs, and dont mind open world games, I would for sure reccomend this game! It will require patience as it is set as a hunting game. So dont come in expecting dino kill streaks, since every kill counts in this game.Grab your headphones and prepare for dino suspense that you cant buy anywhere else."
,Recommended,322920,14093203,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Emo Pingu,"This game is balls and is not very enjoyable at the moment. When they fix the Raptors, Gun rarity, Starting bow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, INVINCIBLE GODDAMN STUPID♥♥♥♥♥DINOSAURS and making this game more fun and convinient for the players with badass dino hunting that makes you feel like THE COOLEST ♥♥♥♥ER EVER the game will be amazingly good.While it is possible to kill a raptor with one arrow IT IS DAMN NEAR IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND A GUN AND KILL A T-REX.Thats just not fun. But hey at least you dont have to sell your lungs just to have a goddamn gun to hunt deer.10/10 would get eaten a billion times by mother ♥♥♥♥ing raptors again."
76561198122552253,Recommended,322920,13511184,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hot Monkey Shlong,"I Really love the game its super fun and challenging to play i just halve a few things to say to you that i would like to see added or fixed to the game.Added:1.swimming2.more/easyerto find guns3. MORE CARNIVORES!! mainly Spinosaurus and carnotourus4. MORE HERBIVORES!! mainly gallimimus, brachiosaurus and stegosaurus!5. more clothes/ armor6. and to go along with the swimming you should add sea monsters like pleaseosaurus, leoplurodon and megalodon!FIX:1.shadow- its just the phone2. when you walk in water sometimes you  get stuck3.aim and shoot: takes too long4. smarter raptors!!!5. Stamina takes too long to refill.thats all i wanted to say, so if you like the ideas please add them in!!! and SPINOSAURUS LIKE A BOSS!!!!! thanks!"
,Recommended,322920,13471658,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Babalonkie,"Good but very basic, extremely promising and will be successfull if attention from patches and updates are thrown at it. This game is a true EAG... its promising but in it current state, lacks features. Only get it to support the program, like i did, but remeber your taking a gamble, like other EAG's, 75% of them are just a quick con and money grab, with nothing much else released after. However Expansive Worlds is a well known developer and their other titles normally receive allot of love from them with patches. I will update/change this review if no updates are released, i suggest others do the same."
76561198132314308,Recommended,322920,13512074,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Never will give a fuck,Pretty good game worth the money still in alpha though
76561198053635449,Not Recommended,322920,13514714,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,PrayNplay,"Game will not play.  Start screen loads, however, when you click ""Play Now"" a white screen appears and the game crashes"
,Not Recommended,322920,13555341,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Core,"You get started out with a terrible weapon not able to kill the weakest of creature I shot one of the raptor atleast six times it did not die and four of the arrows were sticking out of the skull, they make it almost impossible to do anything accept die, it needs some work before its worth twenty buck. But the environment and textures dont look half bad."
76561198051695545,Recommended,322920,13557901,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Faustiana,"TheHunter: Primal takes everything good about TheHunter and makes it more awesome. You still have the slow ramble through the wild while you look for beasts, listening for their cries, tracking them, and trying to sneak close enough to get in a good shot.. only now you're tracking dinosaurs. And they can track you back.My second time out in Primal Eden I came upon a Triceratops. After startling him I followed his trail for a while before I realized the growling behind me wasn't just part of the general atmosphere. Diving into a bush saved me from a Utahraptor who walked by and presumably kept tracking the same animals I was. But when I made to leave the safety of the underbrush, another Utahraptor brought up the rear. I froze.. but it was too late. I became his lunch.Great game, I'm going to play it for a long time. I get giddy when I remember this is in beta and it'll be even more awesome as time goes by. I hope for a lot of dinosaurs to be added in.Oh, and unlike TheHunter, there are no memberships or micro-transactions. You buy the game and it is yours, and you find what you need through luck and perseverance."
76561197974852215,Not Recommended,322920,13559392,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,princess,"this game has a ton of loading issues; first when u download it u must check the files as some dont load and u must uninstall then reinstalle; and if ur lucky it will take u as far as the play key and a cute picture of a t rex looking at two men hiding behind a tree then freeze like an ice cube; u must reboot your pc as this is the only way to get back to your desk top; ive read every helpful review out there and the game just will NOT play; in my opinion its a waste of time and money, ill keep it in libary as i own it right; but way to many good games that run available; thing is some people dont have a problem except for in game freezing, it would be nice to just start"
76561198128782458,Recommended,322920,14273948,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Prototype200081,I like the game but... I wish you could choose your spawn in multiplayer so you don't have to walk 5000 meters to find your friend. Or spawn me close  to them. :( But it's fun. :)
76561198154675373,Recommended,322920,13423821,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,[ACE] FireFox1524,good game and ty to the dev for add the thing the players want and keeping up with the game keep up the good work and bring more dinos in to the game and keep them updates comeing out fast
,Recommended,322920,13408465,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Gring,"This game still needs alot of work, but alteast now it goes to play the game, the crates contain a decent amount of weapons and ammo, still i think we should have the ability to climb up into the trees to hide from some of the smaller raptors, and it would be nice to jump."
76561198069682647,Recommended,322920,14040912,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[Beyond] Simply Chaos,Im going to tell you that when people say its hard to kill a raptor our a rex your stupid I killed a raptor 1 shot the the bow and this game is amazing and maybe ill just say maybe the rex is a little to strong But its the best game ive played since 1944. But now the update kina ruined the servers and i think they should add more guns and dinosauers and they need more content and i think basebuilding. Out of 10 its a 10/1o its fun addicting realistic and scary at the same time.
76561197960887681,Recommended,322920,14041300,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,PSYCHOCAT,"Only 1.5 hours in but here's my impressions so far:PROS:Graphics, nice and moody with a great draw distance (think recent far cry games)Sound: AMAZING!!!  from the music to the ambient life so far it's very good.  *see below for my first dino encounter where sound played a big part*Controls:  So far it feels good to walk and look around.  weird not having a jump button though.Location:  Excellent so far.  Vast island with forsests, swamps, mountains, beaches, and I think a volcano (wasn't never able to climb up to the top to find out for sure but once again the excellent sound design tipped me off that something was going on up there).  Found a few locals so far.....an old beach log barracade fortress called ""Raptor Bay (I think) and an old concrete tower with some small 3 walled cells around it.BUGS SO FARFirst one was I was getting constant ""lost connection to server errors"".  I was playing in a solo world but I'm thinking that means you're connected to a single ""hive"" a-la DayZ.  I ALT-TAB out to find out windows was blocking some of the online features so I allowed it access.  and restarted steam but still constant disconnects continued.Got stuck in a hollow tree that was next to another tree.  With no jump button I couldn't get out.  Gave up after five mins....quit to menu and restarted and thankfully it started me back near spawn.FINAL THOUGHTS:I can't wait to see what this game turns into as it's development cycle goes on a bit further.  My first life ever led to one of my best gaming moments of the year.  I logged into the world and was awestruck and immediately pulled in by the excelent sound design and setting.  I myself love vast open world exploration games and the setting of the island had me hooked right away.  I wandered about with my GPS and found a loot container and arrows.  I followed the edge of a swamp set deep in a basin with mountains and forest all around.  I felt somewhat safe because I could see for a good distance in most directions.  Then I decided to climb up and out of the basin.  As I got further up the mountain I noticed some large trees with hollow trunks.  Thought to myself ""hhhhmmmm gotta remember where this is in case I need to hide"".  Hadn't gone much further when I heard.....something...... wasn't sure what it was.  Staring to get a little nervous I pressed on.  Then I heard something else......sounded menacing......sounded close...... ok now I'm scared.  Was this just an ambient sound I hadn't heard before?  I crept onward now looking over my shoulders in every direction.  Then I heard it........OK OK THAT HAS TO BE BAD....I then started backtracking to my hollow tree.....the only safe place I knew of.  As I headed toward it I heard the sound again.   I got to my tree and went prone in the ferns inside.  I then heard a loud pronounced dinosaur call on my left.  Then as immediately heard an answering call off in the distance.  My mind raced....ok this must be raptors.  Then I heard another call and multiple answers...... silently I began to pee my pants.  Each set of calls got closer and closer.  I crawled prone as far back as possible into my tree.  Then i began to hear footseps.  Then snorting and sniffing.  Now I'm in panic mode.  Peering through the dense ferns I was prone in I could barely see outside my tree truck.  I saw a shadowy figure flash by.  Then another.  Then a third.  The forth one was close enough to make out a distince outline.  That outline also was accompanied by a text box that said UTAH RAPTOR.  Ohhhhhhhh  Crap!!!  I figured that they were hunting me.  As I saw the figures moving by I thought I had given them the slip.  Nope.  One stopped right outside my tree.  Then a second.  Then a third.  After an eternity of about 15 seconds the 3rd one saw me and attacked.  Trapped inside the tree with nothing to defend myself and nowhere to go I didn't last long.I was that encounter that will go down in one of my all time gaming moments.  It was so perfectly set by the hostile undiscovered world I was exploring.  And made perfectly terrifying by the excellent sound design as I heard the dinos calling to each other.  I know that at this early point in the games development there's not a whole lot to see and do yet but if this is any indication of what's to come I'm all in for this adventure."
76561198160312139,Recommended,322920,16590188,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cadie Bear,great play with otheres and survive dinosaurs i dont know wye its mixed everyone shall get i love it you earn money u can get ewapons its easy!!!
76561198021293014,Not Recommended,322920,16592333,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Yanko Löskedja,can't even walk
,Not Recommended,322920,16650675,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bedil_Juling,"There's many things in this game that I don't like... the only thing is good is you hunt a Dinosaurs  (or rather the Dinosaurs hunt you).- the fact is u need to die first before u can customizing your Inventory is ridiculous.- Anything you bought like weapons, ammo etc will drop with your dead body when you die, so once you respawn you'll need walk long distance to the place you died to retreive your gear that is if you didn't die along the way or someone else didn't took your gear before you. So if you bought the Best weapons in the game, do your self a favor, always play alone and never let anyone joining to your game, or you end up buying expensive weapon for someone else.- You can only shoot if you Aim so no quick panic shot when the dinosaurs is close, not even with a shotgun which anyone know doesn't need to be aim in close quarter fight.- The fact is the right click to aim is a toggle instead hold to aim is ridiculous making sure you died if the first shot didn't kill the dinosaurs, coz in order to run you need to click the right mouse button again to release aim before u can run. Oh did I mention u can't shoot without aiming with right mouse button toggle?- U walk long distance to get a supply drop and what did you get? A bunch of ammo with no gun to use with, so guess what? U just have to kill the T-rex by throwing your ammo to the t-rex mouth with your hand, hopping one of those ammo will choke the Rex to death.- Huge map to explore but only 5 Species to hunt? ohh... my bad, is actually 6 species (that is if killing other player also count)I played the original ""The Hunter"" once which u hunt Deer, bear etc... is a good hunting game, I stop playing it bcoz is too expensive to stay subcribe. Comparing this game to the original ""The Hunter"", this game is a major fail. The developer really need to redefine the game system. Coz this one sucks."
76561198013968257,Not Recommended,322920,16772364,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,bambiblasterqaz,"The devs for this game know how to make an addicting game, yet managed to give you the subtle middle finger in almost everything. For example, have a valuable pack with lots of gear? One of a couple things WILL happen. A: A pack of 3-5 Utahraptors will swarm you, and given the odd control scheme and feel of shooting in this game, you will have zero chance. B: You will be a couple (10-15) meters from a ledge and the game will suck you over the side to kill you. C: Some other form of the middle finger will kill you. Then once you respawn, you better have a lot of buddies by your side because you can bet you bottom dollar there will be 8-10 utahraptors between you and your pack. Refer to A above.Weapons have an amazing drop in power after only a few feet. Yet sometimes they seem to have loads of power to spare across the map. More than once I have one shot a triceratops from several hundred meters with a .44 and not hit any vitals, yet it dropped like a sack of rocks.The game often has issues on a lan. Sometimes everyone can join wihtout issue, some times no one can join. Two machines with the same config and the the following will happen. Some users can join one but not the other. All of this is without any real information other than generic cannot join errors so troubleshooting is a crapshoot.Despite having way over the top specs on both my and several of my friends machines, this game often has unexplained slow downs where the dinosaurs all seem to move in slo-mo. Then there is of course the all too common 3 people see a dinosaur thats standing 50 meters away, the other 10 people dont have it on their screen.Bottom line, for full price pass it up, if its on sale for 5-10 bucks and your looking for a buggy often incredibly frustrating yet somehow still often fun game, snag it."
76561198026934804,Recommended,322920,16782463,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Jackal,"If your like a game that can ""scare the it out of u"", this is it.  I've player Alien Isolation - great game - but, Hunter Primal has it beat hands down.   Being stalked by, a T.Rex or hunted by a pack of Raptors and surviving it - well - pretty satisfying.  And, the graphics in Primeval world is mastefully done - great enviroment (u'll love the intense thunder storms).  I'd have to say that - Fear - should have been part of the game's title."
76561198007842875,Recommended,322920,16758583,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,produno,Very good survival hunting game.  Though has very little content. I would suggest buying this game in the sale as i did.Im hoping the devs continue to update this game as i see loads of potential here! If the game were to be updated with more content i would have been happy to pay the full price.
,Recommended,322920,15229679,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,CptFoley191,They fixed the flying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. thanks.
,Recommended,322920,14223044,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,BREAKING_FELONY,"Didn't even load up properly...I have 17 hours because I left it on over night in the jope it would respond but nope as soon as I press play, it stops responding and I get an error 1 which I can't seem to find on google...Pointless waste of money and now I am £15 short!- Then I installed it to my SSD which has Windows running and it ran fine! BUY IT!"
76561197986488095,Recommended,322920,15147262,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,M@x,"All in all, this is the best game of its kind, all these negative reviews are about the game this could have been rather than what it is and what it is is plenty good in my opinion.I had high hopes for this; the most realistic dinosaur game I'd ever played. Brightly coloured raptors who would hunt in packs, deadly yet animal-like T-rex. Then they gave the rex x-ray vision and psychosis, turned the raptors fifty shades of brown and released a game when I can still get infinite ammo by spamming the inventory button, where I can lose my gear just from quitting to desktop, with aiming controls akin to having a brick shoved in your face and a pair of midgets sitting on your shoulders and where you play as the world's most unfit man, huffing and puffing as the deadliest predator in history breaks the sound barrier to use you as a squeaky toy.My recommendation? Get it on sale. PVP is still a blast with a sniper rifle and enough people, hunting dinosaurs when not everyone is duping can be quite fun and challenging, even though most of the community is made up of 7-14 years old squeaky voiced boys whom you will blast in the face with buckshot after the seventh hour of them yelling at you because you reached a supply box first or won't give them your gun.You'll get your money's worth of fun if you're into dinosaurs, but that's its one appeal, if it's all the same to you, get RUST or The Forest."
76561198029563099,Recommended,322920,14050944,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,FooxTroT,Called 2 of my friend:u guys have to buy this game!! it looks so awsome!All got it and we startet to play. after like 5 mins we found a raptor. we desided that we could kill it easy!we went closere and saw the raptor familie and desided to leave them alone!few hours into the game: we got 2 riffels and 1 pistol. NOW LETs GO HUNT!Found a T-Rex ( we killed it ).FOund a Raptor ( we killed it ).Found a new T-Rex ( we died cuz we were out off ammo!GREAT GAME!! GG BUY IT!
,Not Recommended,322920,14053453,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,[TSYND] Winter,"Could be good, I see the potential, but right now the lag and fact that you seem to get 'Lost connections' on everything from the main menu system (yes, THE MENU!.. before you even get into a game!) to the game itself is quite galling. Early Access is a good idea but there's a huge amount of work needed in order to make this stable / fun. Right now I'd avoid, but come back in 6 months.."
76561197978832149,Not Recommended,322920,14054811,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,flinteryk,"This game is ok i guess its not amazing and its not horrible it just skirts by. i have only played it a little bit and not on a server with anyone however but just hunting the dinos it feels like its missing a lot, and when you shoot a dino in the heart with a 308 youd think it would at least stumble a little but no they dont charge or flinch they just keep slowly walking towards you. it needs a lot of work. there is a tracking feature in the game but its a bit random some times you can be tracking the same animal and it will change your track target and you loose your direction of travel even though its the same dino just a differant type of track you are following *scatt foot prints and vocal tracking*currently its at best a 5/10 but it has potential to be great but i dont see it happening."
,Recommended,322920,13982557,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Charlock,"I've played about two hours of this game and, when I realized I had to be awake for work in 5 hours, managed to pull myself away for some pesky sleep. I am already thoroughly enjoying the game, despite the many frustrations of hunting massive, nearly unstoppable killing machines. I have yet to take down a Tyrannosaurus or a Triceratops, but can effectively defend myself against a Utahraptor or two.I'll say this, keep in the front of your thoughts that this game is in EARLY ACCESS, which translates to EARLY DEVELOPMENT and the people behind its creation are still hard at work on it. That said, I have faith that we'll continue to see updates as regularly as they can manage and anything they do, at this point, is going to improve the playability/enjoyment.There is a steep learning curve here. It really is a brutal, primal hunting game. You're not meant to walk into a world ruled by giant, flesh-hungry reptiles and come out an hour later not having been repeatedly mauled with a T. Rex head on your trophy wall. It's unrealistic to purchase this game and expect to kill everything you set your sights on.You start with a bow. Arrows do not penetrate dinosaur skulls.If you want a serious challenge, then opt in and support these folks and help make the game better. If you buy it, hop in and being killed often frustrates you too greatly, just come back in a month and see what's changed.Some notes on possible improvements (which I'll submit as Feedback in the game, as well):- For a dinosaur hunter, stamina is in short supply. I'm pretty sure if I was being chased by an eating machine, I could run  while longer than these poor saps.- Ammunition stacking is a MUST (Everyone has mentioned this, I know).- Swimming sure would improve my chances of not being dinochow.- Being able to jump would be an excellent benefit.- A starter knife would be excellent.- ""Harvesting"" would be much improved if we were harvesting useful materials from dinosaurs we've killed.- Retrieving arrows when ""harvesting"" would be great.- Traps would be really great to see.- Character customization.I'm sure there will be tons more suggestions, but you all keep up the great work. Thanks!"
76561198102144967,Recommended,322920,13987429,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Toronto McNugget,"This early access game is great! I wonder where they will go with this... a realistic dinosaur hunting simulation.... or an island survival dinosaur game. Either way, there is not enough in game details to decide yet. The dinosaurs are pretty cool, but, without the ability to climb trees and other ferrety ways of eluding large prey (that our ancestors have been doing for EVER) I feel like the dinosaurs are almost cheesily hard. creeping around, collecting loot, and hoping its a gun, then shooting dinosaurs, is THE ENTIRE GAME. Will they allow us to create shelter? and put in a hunger system? And public servers of a couple hundred players? Will we actually take the role of our avatar, truly LIVING on this island? Or is this a fun dino themed hunting simulation, in which we dont actually care about our temperature or hunger, or creating tools, and its all about the hunt.... if this is the case, more realistic damage has to be added to the dinosaurs, and the player... better sound effects, and weather.I really hope this game goes the way of Rust and other survival games, allowing players to actually enjoy LIVING in the world  of Primal Eden... instead of just a dino skinned hunter sim.COME ON SHELTERS AND FIRES!!! :)"
,Recommended,322920,13961289,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Konc,"Despite being an early stage early access game I really like this game. There's nothing quite like the feeling when you're hiding from a T-Rex, praying it won't turn your way and see you. I'm really looking forward to what the development team will do with the game in the future."
,Recommended,322920,13949045,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,dazspiral,A Fantastic open world survival game for being in early access.  This is a dinosaur game that dinosaur lovers have been waiting for.  really looking forward to the stuuf they will add in the future and would really recommend this to anyone.
,Recommended,322920,13920689,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,cassssssp,good game :^)
76561198030123830,Recommended,322920,14023928,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,1800getalife,"The game has a really great concept and world structure. How ever, it lacks survivability. I saw the the game will be 'tweaked' untill release and so on and so forth. One major thing that I believe should be imigrated into the game is materials. Im talking about building materials to create structures to protect yourself and others from dinosaurs."
,Recommended,322920,14086189,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vanta Black,Its all about hunting Dinosaurs. No eating or drinking required. A lot of tracking and stalking and lining up that perfect shot to the heart. Its not a fast paced game by any means.You'll say 'clever girl' a couple times and just the general ambience of the island is enough to keep it interesting.
76561198025161066,Not Recommended,322920,15226875,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,MurderHorse,"Not really worth the price tag- Bought it thinking it was early access on sale, very disappointed to find out this is pretty much it. Not buying anything else from this company."
,Recommended,322920,15227649,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Darius Ren,It simple beautiful! It's massive going around and so much beautiful landscapes and just gorgeous. I love how able to track down a dinosaur by following footprints or pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥basically. I have defeated one T-Rex! He's pretty tough! There is some glitches and bug but if the developer continues to fix and update the game. It's simply beautiful and love the mechanics of the game.
76561197976628153,Recommended,322920,14362340,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ShadowMunkey,"At first I didn't like this game. Its pretty challenging and can be a real♥♥♥♥♥♥off especially losing all your gear on a cliff... But that being said this game is absolutley amazing in sound (best played with headphones), teamwork (great community so far), graphics are astounding for the requirements (not the best out there but expected way less), when you make a kill it is way more satisfing than any game i played before because it so hard and shot accuracy matters big time. The size of this online multiplayer map is very impressive too. This game is a fav of mine****UPDATE*****Sick of seeing these reveiws that are so negative after the reveiwer has only an hour or two or 4 in.... They cant hunt and are more mad about their own lack of skills i'd say just need to vent. As of now I have 242.5 hrs into this game, It has problems yes... I paid 20 bucks for this game, thats 20 bucks ppl!!!!! people expect to get a game at the standards of others in the range of $70+ and yes there are better $70 games out there but not one about hunting dinos multiplayer online, and those $70 games get pushed back and back and then when you think it will be released push it back again (Rockstar). At least its playable while dev is ongoing! some ppl say it runs like crap on their comp, well my 2nd computer is dualcore amd mini itx @ 2.7ghz with a 1g radeon hd7750 runs native settings and runs this game at full graphics 60fps with minimal drops in frame rate and my card does not heat up so i'd say ppl have hardware issues other than this game seeing that card is known for running hot, and it doesnt in this game! You will not find a better looking and running game anywhere on any system for $20"
,Recommended,322920,14790106,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,LeZion,Great game but a jump mechanic would be very useful in certain cituations and so would melee weapons.
76561198208775088,Recommended,322920,14793409,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,kegseboy,"What a fantastic game! One of the main reasons I love this game so much is because of the way creators have depicted the way these dinosaurs look. Velociraptors in particular are fantastic, small, feathery and incredibly intelligent. Just the way Palaeontologist would picture them. However, that being said the game does have a lot of issues such as constant server disconnections, slow aiming reaction time and a some what annoying scenario where a player buys items e.g. ammo and then losing it all upon reconnecting from a disconnection without even using them. In saying that the game is again in early access and will undoubtedly fix the madurity of these issues and I for one cannot wait!A few things that I would love to see:More dino's obviously,Stegosaurus, Iguanodon, Parasaurolophus, Pachycephalosaurus  just to name a few herbivores.Something to compete with the might of the Tyrannosaurus. Giganotosaurus, Carcaradontosaurus and Spinosaurus all bigger would be a great accusation.Something in the sky and something in the water would be quite exiting.More weapons, clothing and other objects of appeal.A larger scale map.And finally as im sure everyone would love to see dinosaurs hunting something other than you!"
76561198068151682,Recommended,322920,15282421,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Wintertreedog,"I would recommend this game, although to start, it's overpriced for its current lack of content and it has a few flaws. However, other reviews go over most of these.The main problem is like I mentioned, the lack of content. The game could use a couple more guns, but mainly it needs more *dinosaurs*. After all, they're the focus of the entire game.I'd suggest adding a few more well-known but interesting ones. For example, deinosuchuses could live along the coastline and attack you if you got too close. Stegosauruses, Allosauruses, Coelophyses, and Gallimimuses for a start. I understand, of course, that it takes time to create and add something so complex, but the game could certainly use it.The current dinosaurs are modeled very nicely and their behaviour is pretty well-done, but it has some bugs.In any case, I'd recommend this game.TL;DR- more dinos pls"
76561198115025978,Recommended,322920,15273400,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,^8AcHiEvEmEnT^8,The Game is better than the other The Hunter well not fully just because it has dinosaurs they should add more dionsaurs I know they tried with the Quetz and the Velos now the Quetz are most feared than the Rex so just add a new dino like a Carnotaurs
,Recommended,322920,13618874,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gromfle,It actually went from not being good to being a good game they updated and fixed alot of things and guns are now very easy to find. I reccomend having a group of friends to survive with the dinosuars if you are just first starting and try to make more friends on other servers to be able to survive longer in the dinosuar filled world. It is a very good game I reccoomend buying it.
76561198161874912,Recommended,322920,14816642,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,OutKast,"Now You Don't see many Dino hunting/survival games out there,and this is the best I've seen so far."
,Recommended,322920,14827663,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Haunnter,i bought the game awhile ago.. and on the website it says i get a 12gauge shotgun for purchasing the game. but i dont see it anywhere ? how would i go about that ?
,Recommended,322920,14735627,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,MacaDeath,"Loved playing TheHunter as a free to play player. This takes all the best parts in TheHunter and adds more and more to it.I have never felt so terified whist playing a game than I have trying to take down a T-Rex on my own in TheHunter Primal!In TheHunter you did the hunting, in TheHunter Primal it goes both ways although mostly you are the pray and the dinosours let you know and toy with you!Like others have said if you are new to TheHunter games then try the free to play standard game to get an idea of the game play and then if you like it try Primal.This is early access, so don't expect perfection and there is not alot of content in the game yet but more is being added almost daily! (Well done Devs)All in all this is a BEAUTIFUL game with stunning graphics and game play that will get your heart racing!"
76561198170383237,Recommended,322920,14736905,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Shortcut,"Its over all really good game with MASSIVE potentail(or however u spell it) Maybe add like zipine or wingsuit of some sorts to get across canyons or the ability to climb trees. But PLEASE add Pterodactlyes. PLEASE imagine climbing the tree with a group of people the pterodactlye circling the tree then u all jump shotting down WHILE FLYING... eh, eh did i go to far of course not and add like mossasaurs and theres like wet suits across the maps and then whne u and ur team finds enough u go mossasaurs huntng with harpoon guns! PLEASE ADD WOULD LITERALY PLAY FOREVER. PLUS BUY THIS GAME SUPPORT THEM GIVE THEM FEEDBACK AND IDEAS BRO IF HIS HAPPENED IT WOULD BE THE BEST DINO HUNTING GAME OUT THEREBUY THIS FREAKING AWESOME GAME DEVOPLERS I HOPE U READ THIS PEASE FREAKING READ THIS...ps i love u guys"
,Recommended,322920,14861226,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Pistn,"Loved dinos as a kid? Always wanted to pet one? This game is for you, get upp close, kill it, touch it, take a selfie. Perfect.And yes there is running, screaming dying too.Great huting sim.. And yes ITS COOP. Grab a friend and hunt!"
76561198085724135,Recommended,322920,14680096,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Éamonn ó Ceannt,"game needs a way to recover arrows and collect meat. And it really needs missions or something. Good game despite the fact That I keep getting killed by raptors. I Killed two of them, they killed me five times. so dinos are winning. But not for long."
76561198097714302,Recommended,322920,13729514,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,NolesFtw,"This Game is Listed a Survival Game. As it Trends toward role the one thing that bothers me is...Well the lack of current Survival features. This Game is incomplete Survival Game with some hunting aspects. Currently Death has little punishment. Dino A.I. Is shaky at times ,but most of the time it fares decently. The Game is in Early Access so many of the features aren't here yet. But this game has tons of potenial as a Survival game. Unlike many other Survival Games the PvE can be heart pounding. However in its current state the game esclates to easy very quickly Dinosaurs need to be feared not target practice. Overall i like its potential and it is fun to play ,but lacks many features before it can be a Full release game.Requires more Dinos.More Survival Aspects.Better Dino A.I.Party system.For starters.Would only recommend to those who desire a Survival Game with fun unique elements."
76561198119321594,Recommended,322920,13429786,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Victor Crowley,"this game is much alike carnivores but with a survival aspect to it, probably more like dayz mixed with carnivores with thehunter gameplay style but let me get to the aspects of this game.pros1. pay once play forever unlike the original thehunter... i still like that one2. gigantic open world.3. different terratory for each dino but dont expect every area to be clear of certain dinosours (i was exploring the lower terratory, which is raptor terratory, and found a trex that i ran into)4. realistic versions of dinosours ( such as feathers or spines which is a good turn around to realism... also dont expect the volociraptor to be 6 feet tall in reality they are about 2 feet tall)5. better graphics then carnivores... at least the old ones.6. you can die... which you can do in the original thehunter but is rare.now for the cons.1. dino's are stupid they will run right past you and give you a chance to kill them.2. tricy's run away and wont charge... maybe run you over but that hasnt happend to me yet.3. only four dino's the volociraptor, utahraptor, triceratops, and the trex. isnt that bad though remember its still early access.and thats about all i can think of the cons. Now there is a currency in this game but isnt like the original thehunter where you have to buy currency to get all the kickass stuff, you have to level up and inorder to get money and exp you have to hunt."
,Recommended,322920,14692599,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,you're mom209,best game ever hunt t rex triceratops and utah rapter for now they will ad more weapons and dinasurs
,Recommended,322920,14696243,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BugSpray013,"I like the game it's a hard pure survival but I don't annoyed when everytime I get close to an outpost there's always Raptors and it spawns them right next to either than that I love it.One of the main issues I struggle with is finding weapons I get more arrows than I do ammo and guns, I've gone over the whole island almost and I haven't had a fire arm in a long time.The Raptors are a pain to get away from as they always find me and they spawn in right next to or they spawn in at the outposts I get close to.But the rest is brilliant, graphics excellent, Dinosaurs and weapons. I would love to see other dions though."
76561198170137361,Recommended,322920,14321676,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ikillufoo123,"All you doops out there who think this game is too hard then why would you buy it? It is a simulator in a world where dinosaurs exist....with two of the most lethal dinosaurs known to have roamed earth walking around it will tend to get hard....yes it is frustrating and gets your blood going, but that doesnt make it a bad game. It is a challenge and you have experience in a game to get good at it. So shut up, sit down, put your headphones in and play some primal......stop whining just because you suck at it."
76561198170890394,Recommended,322920,14215654,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TypicalBipedalMammal,I purchased The Hunter: Primal about a month ago and so far I have loved the gameplay. I have had very little problems and the AI on the dinosaurs is great. However there are a few problems that I would like to address about  Utahraptor attack behavour and Triceritops movement glitches. The raptors seem to attack plays by sprinting at them from cover and killing them by biting them to death. Recent studies on Dromeosaurid (raptor) anatomy has shown that the most likely ambushed their prey from cover and then pinned it to the ground sinking their large sickle claws into the victim`s  back then started to eat the struggling prey alive. If this was implemented in the Utharaptors it would make fighting them harder and hunting with a buddy more important.
76561198205208321,Recommended,322920,16868739,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,cec21,"despite this game being hard, it is actually pretty fun. IF YOU GET IT TO FREAKING START! i dont know if i am screwing something up, but as soon as i start the game its like ""the hunter primal is not responding mam amamamaaa! but when  this is fixed it will probably one of my favorite games"
76561198054375818,Not Recommended,322920,16399057,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Srazor,Try a different dino game! This game is not good. I felt like the devs fell way short on their promises.
,Recommended,322920,16391021,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tero,"Great game for affordable price. Very adventurous, co-op game."
76561198076075900,Not Recommended,322920,16838655,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Viper,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. If i had a quarter each time i died. I would have ♥♥♥♥ing bought the entire ""the hunter"" just to ♥♥♥♥ing get rid of the game. 20 bucks for a t rex claw up my♥♥♥♥♥I do like dinos, but i dont like them when they♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ing kill me. Thanks for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ kitty."
,Recommended,322920,16847501,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,cmiller,"I have to say Im not one to personally critisize or OVERLY  praise a game, but this one is one of my favorites. It keeps me entertained in my free time and its a lot of fun. Of course there are still lots of things to be fixed and I can wait for a while. 7.5 out of ten"
,Recommended,322920,16800971,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,itendtobite,"Even though I see numerous of glitches happening to the dinos the game is still fun and scary XD when I first heard the guns on it, it gave me a heartattack because they were so loud Lol. It would be alot more fun with more dinos and based on actual survival; hunger, dehydration, temp, shelter, etc."
,Not Recommended,322920,15153637,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,KelesK[*],"I am sadly changing my recommendation to 'no' after a month of idle action from the devs and a woeful patch and a recent interview.I have finally agreed that the devs have abandoned this game and are only doing what is required to make it playable rather than enjoyable. This change of attitude from me comes in leu of the recent interview the dev's gave where they said their primary focus is on theHunter and not Primal. This now being said it is nice to know that anyone who has purchased this game has now done so in order to monetarily support theHunter and not Primal.In short; you, and I, have all been scammed.While the game has a weath of potential I very much doubt they will ever tap it."
76561198048220097,Not Recommended,322920,16750592,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,George Washington,"Very cool game to play with a group of friends. Alone it is nearly impossible to survive. Hunting dinosars is pretty awesome, but finding equipment is frustrating. The developers have stopped working on the game from what I have read, which makes the huge D-bags. If they had any morals they would refund gamers all of the money they have made and just make the game free. When you buy a game you expect it to be finished, not left in Alpha forever.  The developer should be banned from steam."
,Not Recommended,322920,16750641,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,AdamUpBxtch,"The dinosaur models look great, but everything else is just bad.Bad Optimization and the Dinosaur's themselves while the models look great the animations are a little wonky as well. Not a lot to do in the game either aside from hunting and killing dinosaurs which is fun for like 20 mintues, then after dying 12 times because the gun you are using glitches out everytime and does barely any damage you get a little annoyed and wuit playing.I'd recommend Ark Survival Evolved instead of this if you want a great open world dinosaur survival game."
76561198062722821,Not Recommended,322920,16751402,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,little_tida,"Don't waste your money, horrible game, dinosaurs floating, I was lucky it was on sale"
,Not Recommended,322920,16755631,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,chrisbeale2010,"This game suffers largely due to the developer, the idea and the gameplay is great but the developer has and still is using it as a side project, the result is a game with only 4 species of dinosaur, limited dinosaur intelligence, a very weird difficulty curve.If this game is on sale for around £6 then pick it up otherwise ignore it, the game is not worth anywhere near what the developers are asking and they have pretty much said ""we don't care about this game"" in recent interviews. The developers want to concerntrate on ""theHunter"" which is their main game and honestly i wouldn't bother buying it till either they put more development time behind it (which is unlikely, read the interview they recently gave as it was kinda a bit arrogant) or until it is very cheap"
76561198139372510,Recommended,322920,16619946,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Morshu,I like this game.
,Recommended,322920,14738140,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Deredel,"The Hunter: Primal is an amzing game. I love playing this game with my friend, but, the stress of not knowing when you might come accross a raptor is horrible. The game overall is really good, but there are a few things that I think could be improved. First, it is nearly impossible to find guns. My friend and I went all around the world looking for anything, guns, arrows, and ammo. But not once in the countless crates i've opened have i come accross a gun. I think the spawn rate of guns needs to be increased. Also the raptors are dumb. They run right by you and then look around like you dissapeared(Which can be good). But overall, i think it is a really good game."
76561198098422535,Not Recommended,322920,17054445,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Salem Poor,not much stuff in this gameplus a guy could hold more loot then me and told me he could only because hes a devthats a whole lot of bs i tried to get a refund but couldnt if your reading this dont buy itits a waste of money
,Not Recommended,322920,17054754,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,WhiteTootle-Senpai ツ,"now worth it at all. Trust me. I rather get ark then this game. They work hard on it, but when they offically released it. It was pointless of buying it when it was in alpha. Looked promising at first, but now it isnt at all."
76561197976775794,Not Recommended,322920,17054833,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,korama571427,DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT TO WASTE YOUR MONEY. WAS a great game....for the most part fun killing each for the first time with most weapons. Then its just straight boring grind fest. Boring and game feels very incomplete. Dev's have pretty much dropped the project so yeah... a shoulda woulda coulda down the drain.
,Recommended,322920,13646265,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kytronix @BetaLAN,"Really fun game. It's about hunting dinosaurs, well mostly the opposite. You are being annihilated by them. The environment is majestic."
76561198044627839,Recommended,322920,13410103,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,nerdwerld,"This game has a pretty interesting aspect of survival, and far superior to other games of it's ilk such as Stomping Land."
,Recommended,322920,13413254,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Cleversaur™,I cant find a single gun i'm getting tired of running around with a bow and arrow and a million rounds of ammo for guns i don't have
76561198063438850,Recommended,322920,13413908,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,BarraFisherman,"It is great but  would be a lot better if there was a set inventory. if you die you might lose it, but only for the round. if you were to restart then you would have all items bought in the store were kept, and only items found in the world in the round that you died and not kept by surviving were lost."
76561198052602958,Recommended,322920,13414224,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,WinterBeholder,"So far, I feel like it may be exeedingly incomplete. But, my experience may also be influenced by my computer specs. The trees looked like giant cones from only a small distance, and as I got closer the turned into real trees. The ground was covered in bushes that were surouned in grey polygons and I could hardly tell what I was walking on. I had no idea where I was supposed to go to get weapons. I could walk right through the pod I assume I came out of. I would like to hear some audible naration at the beginning at least. I hit control and ended up swimming in the groung or something. The controls were not really explained at all when I started playing. Also, starting up the game did not close the opening window that you would hit ""Play Game"" on. So it left multiple windows open. I reallly hope to see the game a bit more playable; I was reallly excited to play a hunting/survival game and it was not really playable on day two. Again, My experience may have been influenced by my personal computer. I really hope to see this game excel and become a long, hardly ending, fight for survival game. I want to run through the woods, hide in a cave for shelter, and Hunt dinosaurs for food lol! I really dont even care about a campaign  personally."
,Recommended,322920,13454034,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hotstuff5743,"If you've grown to love this games sister game theHunter as i have for the past 10yrs i think or since season 7 according to my hunter profile u'll love this game. One can't really begin to love this game as i said b4 unless u love it's sister game as this games a COMPLETE role reversal. In TheHunter it's u the hunter who is hunting deer, bear, rabbits, moose, elk, coyote, hogs to name a few of the species but in this game ya u might be there to hunt the dinosaurs that they have now but these dinosaurs are out to hunt u the hunter. This game u can either be the hunter or the hunted it just depends on what u see beyond the next bush or what u hear beyond the next bush. It could be a cocky velociraptor, a gentle triceratops or a down right nasty azz T-Rex ready to throw u around like a chew toy. I highly recommend this game if u've grown to love the sister game theHunter."
,Not Recommended,322920,13448053,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,P𝔯𝔢𝔞𝔠𝔥𝔢𐍂[Global Conflict Gaming],"no yet.. hold off for maybe 6 months, let it be worth the $20 . Early Access means exactly that. you dont get much bang for your buck... literally. you start off with a bow and 5 arrows against packs of raptors and a t-rex in the first 5 mins. hmmhttps://imageshack.com/i/eyvV02P9j"
,Recommended,322920,13483579,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Silver Sparkle _ (Poni),Amazing detail and very well made. apart from a few things - Sound has some issues when near waters edge seems to crackle/ Not play till very close - A slight lack of items to loot my personal opinion and there is a lack of tutorial but apart from them few things its an amazing game and a must for any game collection.
76561198003079193,Recommended,322920,13484607,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Jessidiah,"Somewhat con(s) I really hope the devs will include some kind of crafting/maybe even rudeimentary base or structure building system.  It would make teaming up much more fun, and give you more incentive to group up.  So far, I don't see anything of the sort listed in the ""what to expect"".  This does have great promise, and is fun as is, however I really think some more features should be in the ""upcomings"" to justify the pricing...Pros.  Being hunted by dinos and subsequently hunting them back, awesome :)  Yes, some other games have done this, but this one has a very immesive and more realistic feel to the approach.  I like :) But I'd really like to see some more complimentary features listed in what to expect :-/ Mayhaps I missed something."
76561198115561900,Recommended,322920,13488874,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,deerhunter1098,This game is super scary while playing at night and being hunted by raptors
,Not Recommended,322920,13453157,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Meme Wizard,"This game is like trying to find the keys for your car so you can do some urgent food shopping, but every twelve minutes someone keeps running up to you and kicking you in the bellend or vag."
76561198020973019,Not Recommended,322920,14105853,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Snowball,Personally i thought it was fun but this game needs MAJOR IMPROVEMENT. I constantly get spawned near raptors and rexes lose my stuff non stop and cant find any good loot. Starting off with a bow? If you got dropped on a planet to hunt dinos i think you would bring something better than a bow.
76561198143794124,Recommended,322920,13711065,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dank Hill,DayZ with Dinosaurs
,Recommended,322920,14185747,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,RikRakJones Saiyajin,"As you can probably see from my account. I don't review games often. and when i do. It's probably just cause i enjoyed it and felt it was a good buy.However.This game...This game is fantastic. Even in it's current state. It's intese, It's immersive and quite frankly sometimes. it's terrifying. The stealth is a fantastic factor, the loot spawns, the PvE and the PvP are fun. and if your a hunter fan, or a dinosaur fan and would like a ""as close to realistic"" game, this is for you. Be prepared to die. ALOT. Raptors are relentless. Even if you encouter one on it's own. You better be a damn good shot and take it out or you're going to have 4 maybe even 5 surrounding you while you're on the move. T-Rex's are ruthless, Your only chance of survival is to stop drop and DO NOTHING. even then. Sometimes. It runs into you. and well. Squish.Pros :ImmersiveIn-depthUnforgiving environment/dinosaursgraphics are real prettyruns very stable (occasional FPS drop but nothing game breaking)No amount of gear makes this game ""easy mode"" Rifles? Arrows? .44 magnum? You still have to be careful where and what you shoot at.Good co-op experience + good solo experience i enjoyed playing alone or with others.Cons (subject to change)Combat (I dislike the requirement to ADS to even load an arrow/how slow ADS is)No possibility of hiding yourself from dino's (smothering your self in Dino poo, for instance)Once you have a raptors attention, they NEVER back down, I'm aware this is how they hunted in real life but it's practically impossible once they have an idea that your there because they convienently stop within hearing distance of you (unless this is just my unlucky experience)T-Rex doesn't seem to attack other dinosaurs, Or any dinosaurs don't attack other dinosaurs. Something i found quite frustrating."
76561198068340239,Recommended,322920,13423562,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ODC|Navysquid,"Pretty awesome game honestly. It's early access, and obviously it needs more content in the game. But in the state it's in now the game is well worth the money."
76561198007861135,Recommended,322920,13424568,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Gabogar,"Spawned and felt the ground shake. Turned to my left and saw T-Rex coming towards me.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again.But in all seriousness, this game looks great and has an awesome feel to it. While it's true that that the dinosaurs AI has room for improvement, it easily makes up with an awesome environment (kudos for the soundtrack) and the importance of it, somewhat realistic play and a genuinely stressful environment (you start walking and begin to hear sounds of Utahraptors circling you). Devs said that there are still many updates to come, which makes this a promising game.Instabuy ONLY if you like slow paced and strategic survival games."
76561198158928157,Recommended,322920,13424995,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Randyx007,"Game plays pretty well. Feels good, graphics are great, and it is scary/hard as hell at first. Like a survival game should be. After you get a weapon the little carnivors are not such a issue!As far as the excitment goes it is always a thrill to hunt a Raptor just to figure out it has a pack of them that is actually hunting you. Once you run, they will fallow your scent. This is why I LOVE IT!!!Game is limited as of now. Not many guns, animals, things to do (besides survive) but that is what I love about it!When the game developes more it should be amazing. Bigger company behind it so hopefully they can fix things such as the balance of sprinting/stamina or how the animals will get stuck on objects when trying to attach you... still a great game as of now!"
,Recommended,322920,13425475,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,1080 Ti,"I got the early access while it looks promising as of this moment my game just hangs on the 'logo'  ingame and I have to alt-tab out of it. I have played a little while and the map looks amazing, also the ambiance is great. Graphics looks solid and dinosaur animation don't look too bad either. All in all, a bit expensive but promising still. 7.3/10."
,Recommended,322920,13425598,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,KingZope,The game is definitely fun and you're on the right track if you like dinosaurs.  It is sort of similiar to thehunter but with more of a survival aspect.  The rush of getting hunted yourself is really awesome.Downside to the game appears to be the devs.  I play lots of other alphas and the devs for this one tend to keep quiet more.  You don't feel like you have that constant communication like you do with beasts of prey.  Also their support is very slow.  I opened a ticket with them and it took well over 24 hours for them just to respond.So far the good outweighs the bad though.  We'll see how this game goes.
76561198083624513,Recommended,322920,14097083,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,HanBrolo,"I havn't been able to play it because everytime I pull out a bow the game crashes on me, I re-installed it twice and it can's be my PC because my PC is beast"
76561198070313405,Recommended,322920,14098245,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Poon Wet,"I have always wanted a dinosaur hunting game and when i saw this i thought it it was just another dinosaur game that is going to be cheap and anoying but when i got it after watching videos on it  it looked legit, i downloaded it, and it wouldn't get past the loading screen, then a update comes out and it works. I spawn for the first time and it was night time, grabed bow and arrows and headed for the map marker from the map fragment walked for 5 minutes fall off mountain died. :>     Spawned back after 15 seconds look left, see trex turn around and see a raptor pack, layed down then the trex walkes by me i leave to get a glass of water come back and all of the dinos left, i got up and found my dead body after a 20 minute walk got bow killed a raptor got a trophy pic turned around then died by what seemed to be the father. Best Early Access Game. and it still has great content to come. PS it's about the hunt not about slaughtering dinos but you will die unless you have friends and even then good luck. still Best"
76561197985215692,Recommended,322920,14100885,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,BuckshOt,"First playthrough...Opened my pod from the heavens and found a wooden bow and some arrows, ok, I guess if i was preparing to be jettisoned from my space ship orbiting the planet i should have actually packed some real weapons but i was just so damn excited to see dinosaurs i completly forgot to bring my thermal detenator and Plasma Rifle.  Anyways gotta make due.  With my trusty bow and 6 arrows i set out in the tropical oasis.  Shortly into my journy i see this thorny bush with pink flowers.  As curiosity overtook logic, i walked up to it to try and smell the flower but was chocked by a pugent poisin gas.  Luckily i had picked up a bottle of Herbal Healing hairspray and quickly replenished my health.  A bit further and i started hearing what sounded like howling.  Was that a Wolf?  As i creeped closer to the sound i saw what looked like a giant chicken.  At this point i was very hungry and figured i would try to bag me a snack.  Slowly creeping up to the giant bird i drew my bow and let one fly.  It hit the target!  But the bird became angry and started charging my way.  As more howling was heard i saw three other giant chickens charging towards me.  I quickly became cornmeal for them :)** If you are looking for a game to just hop in and start offing dinosaurs mindlessly then play ORION Prelude **   If you are looking for a game that makes each kill feel like a trophy, play this game.  The people who say that it is impossible and no guns are probably the same people who play halo and COD all day and expect to feel like a god.  It took me about 2 hours to get my first kill because i was not playing as if i was just a dude with a bow.  Once i realized that i prepared accordingly and in about a 1 hour run, i found a .306, shotgun with buckshot and slug ammo (which just pisses off a TREX :) and a full camo outfit.  I managed to drop a flock of raptors and then tracked one i injured for about a mile to finish the job.  This game for those of you old enough to remember, feels like a Beefed up version of CARNIVOURS from back in the 90's just without the variaty of dinosaurs and weapons found in that game but keep in mind this is EARLY DEPELOPMENT PEOPLE!  What i hope to see in the event that a DEV reads this are:Wide variaty of DinosSingle PlayerShelter/Survival featuresTrophy room (can you tell i miss Carnivours :))I think that the team is doing an amazing job and looking forward to the final polished product.  I really hope that they can pull off what i hope this game becomes.  Lot of potential People!10/10"
76561198075664259,Recommended,322920,14109072,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mirakuru,"This is by far one of the most intense survival game i have ever played. However, i wont be playing it for now because i rather wait for the full release to fully enjoy the game. Awesome graphics with very high details for models and environment. There is one thing that Im not comfortable with is the mouse/aim sensitivity is too slow ( even at its max setting ). I understand that this is still alpha and i believe it will be an overwhelmingly positive game to play.Before buying this game, few things u must know.1. You will have to die the first time when u log in because of inventroy weight bug.2. You CANNOT craft things like 7 days to die/minecraft etc.3. You CANNOT survive alone.4. Check your country's server before buying, I had to join servers more than 300 ping.5. You die you drop all inventory ( clothes as well )6. No hunger/thirst system ( yet )7. Sprint for less than 30 secs and recharge rate is slow, so running all the time is not an option.8. Limited weapons in alpha version.9. Less dinos than what you expect ( Alpha )10. There are probably more stuff I wouldnt know of and above all, Dont get eaten!"
,Recommended,322920,14314490,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,mcqueenzoltan,This game is something else.  The fact that you can attack dino's in this game is awesome.  It does still need some work but it is a great alternative to the pay ot play TheHunter (the original game).  I look forward to improvements. grtz
,Recommended,322920,13442820,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Dinoworld112,Rawr Would play again fantastic !!!! so many dino poops to crawl inside :D booya <3
76561198155956054,Recommended,322920,14381929,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,HoneyNapkins,This game is a lot like The Stomping LandsExcept this has guns.And it looks better.And the devs care about it.And it's cheaper.And it's in every way better then the stomping lands.8 outta 10.
,Recommended,322920,13586373,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BreakneckSam,"This game is a lot different then i thought it would be when i purchased it. I love the graphics and dinosaur designs. There are more cons than pros in my opinion, at the moment though. I know this is early access but at this point in time your character walks incredibly slow, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but the fact that running doesnt boost your speed that much, and the lack of stamina to begin with, just makes out for boring gameplay. My last complaint is the dinosaur AI. you can simply walk away from a Utahraptor without it harming you, and the voices of the dinosaurs repeat very quickly which makes it sound cheesy.theHunter: Primal does have a lot of great things coming its way though if they can pull it off. But for what it has now is good enough as a dinosaur game by far. If you're a dinosaur fan and enjoy a beautiful open world, i highly recommend this game. I think its definitely worth it, especially if you want to support."
,Recommended,322920,13722628,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,A Fuzzy Object,"I would like to start by saying that I REALLY want this game to be good.  I know it is not exactly a triple A series, but some things just have to be added.To start with, there aren't enough guns and attachments for people who like to have multiple options to take down enemies.- The best example would be Payday 2.  It is also in the same category as this game in terms of subjective value.  The reason why I still play it with friends is because there are so many guns and attachments and every game is different based on the random actions of the AI.  You won't need to include as many guns as Payday 2, but 5 weapons is just not enough.  (I'd appreciate a 50 cal rifle like the M99 or M95 ;] )-The dino variety also hurts the immersion this game would ultimately have.  3 dinos is ridiculously pathetic (sorry for harsh words, but it significantly hurts the game in my opinion).  You could start with the famous dinos, like:+pachycephalosaurus+pteranodon+Parasaurolophus+Deinosuchus+And many others from the cretaceous period. Because there are so many to choose from, I'd add in more prey animals and I'd LOVE to see a Deinosuchus! The world needs life!-The dino AI is borderline non-existent.  I've found myself standing in front of many dinos as I put bullets into their faces and end up taking no damage because it did not notice me.  (Also a major immersion breaker).-The animations for turning is also a major breaker since they turn like I'm playing a Garry's Mod session.  You could look to some recent dino documenteries for examples.-As in games like Far Cry 4, there NEEDS to be interaction between animals.  I have not seen any interaction between animals ever!  It doesn't need to be extensive since it is a hunting game, but it completely destroys the immersion for me, in addition to everything else.-PLEASE reduce the zoom for iron sights! The use of scopes is almost useless because it has about the same zoom level as a scope, but with a better field of view.-Another major aspect that is missing is the nests.  I'd love to stumble upon a raptor nest or some other dino's nest and be ambushed by the parents!  I do not expect parental behavior, as in hatchlings and raising babies.  It doesn't need to be that accurate.-For the love of God please let us JUMP!  I've been stuck in weird gaps that I can't get out of because I can't jump!-The inventory system is an OCD nightmare.  The ammo needs to be able to stack.-The day/night cycle is choppyIt seems like i'm being harsh to the game, but as I first said: I want this game to be awesome! I had so much immersion during the first hour of playing, but seeing all of the immersion breaking things I've pointed out, I am almost unmotivated to continue to play.  I read that you guys are going to add in some structure building into the game and that would be awesome, but compared to the points I've listed, this is secondary.  What's the point of having structures if the dinos are so stupid, you could just go prone and wait for them to wander off again?  When it releases, you should do what Overkill does (the maker of Payday 2), release DLC for a reasonable price to add more content into the game.  New dinos, more weapons, more clothing, etc. Some of us are against DLC whoring, but in this case, there is so much that could be added, you'd need a triple A budget to make it a dream game.Before I finish, I'd like to point out some things you did well in:+The detail on the dinos are very well done.+The way noise works is simulated well+The way loot works is good for the environment you intended to make, though I'm not sure if the loot pertains to who ever takes it first.  PLEASE DO NOT MAKE US FIGHT FOR THE SCARCE SUPPLIES!!!+The guns feel good, could be better, but I do not expect perfection in this case.  (if it's a $60 triple A game, I expect near perfection)+The sounds of the dinos are also done well and made me shift into stealth mode many times!  I love it!+The animation for the T-rex is good, but I've never been lifted up as the animation suggests,+The bleed out is good, you've done this before anyway.+The hand signals or emojis are done well! I appreciate those things because it helps boost immersion.+For an alpha build, this runs very reliably, possibly due to the simplistic nature of the game in its current state.  it could use some refinement in terms of optimization, especially if you are to add all of the things I've listed.+The ambient sounds really helps with immersion!!I really hope you find this helpful and I hope you add at least some of the things I've listed.  If you do, I'm definitely going to convince my friends to pick up the game and purge the island of beasts!"
76561198226816224,Recommended,322920,20054177,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,mclaughlindl,I bagged a rare quetzel and unlocked 3 new items.  :)
76561198264244916,Recommended,322920,20050806,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Call-of-The-Wild,best game ever
76561198053583121,Recommended,322920,14016989,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,xY_Zondario_Yx,"I'm simply saying that life, uh... finds a way."
76561198139075330,Recommended,322920,14022880,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,After_Lyfe,"For what the game has so far for early access is quite small but it is really fun to play with friends,"
,Recommended,322920,13765390,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,cam,Ran around like an autist for an hour only to get ra ped by T-REX to then getting a sniper rifle and not being able to quickscope. -10/10
,Recommended,322920,13769195,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DPapey,This game is so good even in early access stages!A large map with multiplayer support and intense dinosaur survival and hunting. I rate this 10/10!
76561198049702022,Recommended,322920,14219077,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Vash,"I mean, I really like this game.Its hell of alot of fun if you have friends in teamspeak or vent playing with you.But for the love of GOD! Let us make our own ♥♥♥♥-ING servers.Port foward? You mean to tell me I have to go out of my own way and learn how to ♥♥♥♥with social networking just to play alone with some friends?7/10 for now. I recommend it, because I know it will get fixed sooner or later."
76561198021642070,Recommended,322920,14174398,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Caveman Fury,"This is by far the best Dino survival game out there ..... ok I know its not really survival as such but when I play this game and get into the world (which look amazing!) you cant help but really feel like you have just landed on a hostile planet where everything is out to get you. So in that way for me its about survival but with that bit done this game is awesome! its what I was expecting from other games of titles I will not say, the AI is great the dinos look amazing even the sounds of everything going on around you at night sometimes you cant help but stand there and just listen to this world thats come to life. You also have a PDA that gives you a location to get to and along the way you come across drop pods for a chance to gain new weapons and ammo and also with the PDA you can also scan dino crap and footprints which will tell you how old it is and how far away it could be from you. This game manages to do things, make me feel things that so many other dino games have fallen short on and its only getting better with plenty of updates so on that note buy this game its a worthy investment of you cash and time."
,Recommended,322920,14174649,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,mrunbelievable,fairly nice looking game for  where its at in development should be a good game by the time its finished .
,Not Recommended,322920,14875787,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,special egg,A game that I feel with a little work could be great just not at this point in devolpmentfor example strange lag when looking down scope and slow sluggish feeling controls imobut that is to be expected of an alpha game. For now I will sit back and watch it develop.Edit:Very little changes being made. Might be another dev abandoned game don't buy.
,Not Recommended,322920,21926756,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[ e c t o ],An almost an Ark game that lack of steroids.
76561198063659873,Recommended,322920,14137561,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kodie4194,Nicely done guys
76561198138887139,Not Recommended,322920,25598946,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Dr. Ian Malcolm,"Pretty fun game, but it has been abanded. Unless you have 1-2 friends and the game is on special dont buy it."
76561198045851247,Recommended,322920,25513150,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,chamex3,"Just starting to play the game, what I can say it that the adrenaline flows, the game is a challenge, hunter becomes the hunted and vice-versa. Great game."
76561198165273075,Recommended,322920,22988231,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Cache Hunter,"This is a fun and challenging game. It is fun to explore the interesting map and locate the camps, buildings and gear. It is a challenge to move around and hunt the dinosaurs without becomeing a snack."
76561198164706315,Recommended,322920,22265602,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,potter.07,its good but very hard
76561198261306807,Recommended,322920,22322215,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SHarper,very good altogether and challenging aswell
,Recommended,322920,22043156,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,cuz he just got dunked on,This game has literally all the animals in the description. Nothing fun about it. The Devs don't update BUT here some stuff you will do:1. Slice your machete2. Figure out your stamina runs out3. Find a dinosaur4. Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥5. Look for some more dinosaurs6. FIND DINOSAUR♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!7. Figure out it is T-Rex♥♥♥♥♥♥8. Run away in any direction because you can hear the footsteps of the T-Rex.9. Mistake the T-Rex as a rock that was really skinny10. REALIZE THE ROCK IS MOVING AND IT HAS TEETH.11. Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥12. Beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of any dinosaur you see.13. Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 YOU STILL GET REFUND AFTER 1 MONTH AND 4 HOURS OF PLAY TIME!!!
76561198068875638,Not Recommended,322920,22205918,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bo Bear,"They aren't supporting this game any longer. (Atleast for the moment) If you play by yourself, simply watch the first trailer, imagine worse graphics, and thats how the game is. Single player is like, a prehistoric dying simulator. Tons of fun."
,Recommended,322920,22134798,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sergei Utkin,"I'm going to keep this short, sweet, and to the point.Ok I bought this game the day after it entered Early Access. It was like Dec. 16 2014 or sometime around them.I am reccomending this game for these reasons-Fun with friends-Can meet new friends-Terrifying dinos-Pretty good graphics-Nice atmosphere-frickin' dinosI am warning you about this game for these reasons-Rough/awkward movements-Basically abandonded by the devs-Few weapons-Horrible PvP (Havent played in a while but last time I did it was unresponsive)-Linear gameplay-At times too easy-Not very many species of dinos-Bugs. Bugs everywhereWrap Up: This game is very buggy but has its moments. The dinos always cause a sense of fear especially the Utahraptors' calls and screeches (sent shivers down my spine many times)The team competitions can be pretty fun and being able to snipe raptors from a long distance seems to never get old. Would I reccomend it?If you are willing to deal with slow devoloping and awkward controls then yes. Buy this game."
,Not Recommended,322920,22223609,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SpectaKoo,The fun you have in this game comes from how hilariously awful the AI and animations are. If I can give it one accolade it's that it's the best raptor dodging simulator on the market.
,Recommended,322920,22346773,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SharpEyeShooter,I like this game because i love hunting dinosaurs and having the thrill of being killed/eaten.
76561198103332443,Recommended,322920,21472903,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ApexPredatør,"A good hunting/exploration game, i play this game since the alpha and i really like the final product. It's a game about strategy and somethime teamwork. the graphics are good and to be honest it's a game who will takes alot of time of yours if you like hunting down the most dangerous creature never seen by man and travel to the deepest forest or one of the mysterious abondon site to discover the stange story of Primal Eden !"
76561198148853329,Recommended,322920,21367712,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Reaper4949,"I like this game. I like sneaking around looking for guns and ammo. trying to set up a good shot without being seen, or eaten.  I just wish it would save you at the exact spot you leave the game at. Or let you make somewhere your camp so you can leave inventory before you go on a hunt , in case you get killed. even with that being said I still love this game."
,Recommended,322920,16269819,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Mr. Boratik,"its a pretty fun game, but the fact that the developers abandoned the game after only 5 dinosaurs and a limited ability to do anything except to creep around, makes the game simply a one trick pony, if thats all you are looking for, have fun, otherwise turn to something else.UPDATE: so the devs go back around to updating the game, i went back and gave it another chance. it seems most of the bugs have been worked out, except for stealth dinos every once in a whle."
76561198088106073,Not Recommended,322920,16697519,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Shapesnatch,I am sorry this used to be one of my favorite games i still play it on a regular basis but...sadly it is dead i will still watch for updates that i dont think are coming. If you want to buy this game..be prepared it is a brutal game when you are new. The game is dead/dying so if you like this kinda game then buy it but buy no mans sky when it comes out if you want to have an exploration/hunting game. I will miss you Hunter Primal but sadly i cannot reccomend you.
,Not Recommended,322920,17056188,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Johnny Quasar,"This game is an absolute atroccity and should be taken down from the store. the devs are scumbags, don't listen, released the game out of ea out of the blue despite being nowhere near finished and they don't update it at all. they have abandoned this game despite having huge potential and was executed quite well, it just never got completely finished. please don't support this kind of behaviour by buying this game. stay away and just buy ark survival evolved if you are looking for something similar. I myself used to be excited getting home and logging onto steam just to get some more loot, hunt some more dinosaurs or maybe survive the bloody birds. now I stare at this game in despair and look at what it has become and what could have been."
76561198070111623,Recommended,322920,22047152,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,GRBurster,Hunter Primal... yes its way different than The Hunter but..If You like:-dinosaurs-nature-being alone atmosphere-holding a gunthis game is for youadvice for beginners-> avoid Trex and hunt anything else to lvl up so you can carry more ammo
,Not Recommended,322920,21940886,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,CharlieSeaHorse,"Not recomended, I hinestly wasted my time with this game.  I bought it because it seemed cool and interesting, but it is clearly shown that there was little to no thought into would make this type of game great.  Didn't really run well on my computer either. Although that isn't the games fault,  the graphics and action were not enough to have been running so slow on my system.   The games damage system seems to me to complete erratic and unpredictable.  Was looking forward to a diverse number of dinos and there was only 5 different species.  It is so utterly difficult to level up to be able to start with a gun, albeit not a good one, that it madee me want to pull out my hair."
,Recommended,322920,26192083,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Kevin Vang,"The servers are crashing down again, please fix them"
76561198064122781,Not Recommended,322920,14506811,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,DoGgs,"Devs have abandoned this, supposed to be a finished game but its far from that...Do not waste your money, how is it still on sale? i paid for this back in the day, now i wouldnt play it if it was free, terrible game."
,Not Recommended,322920,13424387,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Flakk Gun,"Updated as of 22Jun2016This game is abandoned. Last update was in January. It was a decent update, but really just an over due bug fix.While it is enjoyable, its not going anywhere.I can not recomend this game based on its incomplete feeling. If you want good hunting, get TheHunter. Primal is dead."
,Not Recommended,322920,16086301,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,「KILLER QUEEF」,"This is a game about hunting dinosaurs. There's no real plot, it's just shoot dinosaurs. Which isn't all that bad, because it's fun. theHunter: Primal is, however, not perfect (shocking, right?)Pros:- Very immersive experience, makes you feel as if you really are in this savage world- Beautiful Visuals- Fun gameplay and intense gameplay- Interesting currency and respawn system- Dinosaurs can track you, giving a unique thrill of being hunted. This game can be scary at times.Nuetral:- OK netcodeCons:- Small variety of weapons and dinosaurs alike. Feels very limited- Dinosaurs seem unkillable at times unless you hit them directly in a vital organ. Once, I unloaded 6 shotgun shells and a rifle round into the chest of a Utahraptor. Then proceeded to die.- Takes FOREVER to get from one place to another based on how slow you walk, and how SNAIL-PACED your stamina recharges. Seriously, I should be able to run for longer than 10 seconds and I should be able to run again in at least a minute.- Lack of dinosaur interaction. Tyrannosaurs walk past Trikes and the Trikes don't seem to care at all.- Poor AI. You can just continue to walk a rex in circles by staying at his back leg.- The real kicker is developers. They basically abandoned this game, only updating it in very occasional months and still not fixing many of the problems that constitute this broken game.Overall: 5/10This game is fun and a cool idea, but it feels unfinished. The lack of variability and proper AI leads to this feeling like an Early Access game, the same title it just recently dropped for a full release. The developer abandonment is not good either. They really don't care about this game anymore. Would not recommend."
76561198179380771,Not Recommended,322920,24168604,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,skarrmann60,"The setting of this game is simply stunning; the island and dinosaurs look amazing, and the day/night cycle plus the weather helps set the mood of being in uncharted and unfriendly land. Having the opportunity to simply walk around and appreciate the visuals and sound would be very enjoyable.Unfortunately, the positives end there. For ""the most realistic prehistoric survival game"", the gameplay is pretty garbage. Dinosaur AI is buggy (You can just stand next to a Tric and hit it with a stick until it dies, it can't turn sharp enough to get you), and there are needless delays in the combat system that create very frustrating gameplay, such as drawn-out reload times and a very slow turning rate while aiming.The biggest issue is the punishing nature of this game. You start with nothing but a machete, a very limited stamina bar, and a settlermate (a map/radar device), yet the first dinosaur that you could encounter could be a T-Rex or a pack of Utahraptors. After you die, you drop all of your gear and have to make your way past whatever killed you to get it back. That is assuming that you can make it before whomever is running the game shuts it down, at which point you will lose all of your gear and need to start over.It sucks that this game has been abandoned, as with some gameplay adjustments I think that I could really come to enjoy the challenge that the game presents, but as it stands, I say don't buy it.tl;dr: The graphics are great, the gameplay is buggy and punishing. Don't support developers unless you enjoy losing your gear time and again."
,Not Recommended,322920,14765318,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Huntermist,so far the game is starting to falter and this game was great when it started but now the game is losing its touch from lack of content.The game is great if you play it properly but the game lacks content.The cool thing about this game is it plays like realistic hunting haveing to worry about witch way you sent is blowing to what type of shrubs your in and the weather. when its raining mask your sound so other dino's dont hear you.To me i enjoyed this game vary much but all great things must come to a end. i do hope soon the devs add more content and fix a few bugs here and there but this game is great even with friends.Im puting this on not recomended list because the game is dying but if you want this game get it with friends and such but so far the game is losing its touch.
76561197977762161,Recommended,322920,23354722,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TheBritishSniper,this game is very fun and a amazing concept.the only problem is the makers only work on thehunter so this game is left to die.it would be amazing if only they add more content.i give it a 7/10
76561197972535489,Recommended,322920,14501309,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,KOS762,"If you ever played ""The Hunter"" PC game... you know EXACTLY what to do.   This game is the same except you are hunted but dinosaurs!!!....  Its survival, death, loot boxes everywhere.Here the story,  Your a prisoner, lifer.....and you get to help colonies, clear the land of wild predators, in return for a pardon.   Thing is....If you die, your body becomes food for the predators, making it an act of treason, and your family pays the price.   Rough stuff, didnt know Hitler was still around.Anyhow,  to survive....dont move...dont hunt... hide and listen, eventually... T-rex will sniff you out..... following your path...exactly...until.......ITS  TOO LATE!!!!!! RUN!!!!!  .....""you will have to toon in, to see the ending of this one""...lol"
76561198103816429,Recommended,322920,22416407,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,TheAGamer,I know that the original hunter has more Content then this one but it certainly beats having to pay monthly just to renew your hunting license over and over again. As for primal I think its quite fun for a general hunting game.
76561197981573793,Not Recommended,322920,22480121,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,NagaN,"Quite disappointed by this game :- still very few species of dynosaurs to hunt ;- a lot of bugs (including the screen not adjusting properly, even after modifying the parameters) ;- the way of using XP is frustrating at the best and does not encourage to invest your time in this game ;- the graphics are, in my opinion, ugly ;- bad AI.When comparing this game to the other survival/dynosaurs games, I consider it being a waster of my money."
,Recommended,322920,22425628,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Phoenixstorm,"the Hunter: Primal is a small sideproject.The basic goal was to create a hunting game with 5 different dinosaurs on a large island with a good atmosphere and some weapons to hunt them down but be careful they can hunt you down aswell.You get nothing more, nothing less.if you want to take a look on the gamecontent, here it is.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=366082844"
76561198023562379,Recommended,322920,26596765,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,4RM4G3DD0N,"I certainly love the game, for one basic reason, The Dinosaurs and Hunting them, Although more Dinos would be appreciated, Like a Stegosaurus, Carnotaurus, Ankylosaurus, Pterosauruses, and Grown Velociraptors.Bugs are annoying but doesmt make the game completely playable, the launcher keeps getting corrupt and thats one of the reasons of the game crashing. I lose connection to server when I myself am the host(once in 4 sessions)."
,Not Recommended,322920,13720776,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[WoMp]MaLiBu,Please I beg you all !!!!!   DO NOT BUY!Got it 2 years ago and its the worse game ive ever played. I wish i can get a REFUND.
76561198009928132,Not Recommended,322920,28705292,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RAM,Feels over priced @ £2.99. Not good
76561198043066316,Not Recommended,322920,16768866,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Orange Juice Jones,COMPLETE S H I T Ripoff not even worth 2 bucks abandoned by devs only a game to fund their main game the hunter DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,322920,28652066,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dr Knox,"This game is quite possibly the worse game i've ever purchased, even considering I only got it for $2.49!The objective: Run, try to find weapons, & kill everything in sightHow to complete Objective: Run, Die, Run, Die, Run, Die, Run, Die, Finally found a weapon, Die, Try to get Weapon back, Die, Tried again, Died Again, Finally Got the weapon back, Killed one dino out of 1000+, Die.... Ect.The dinos are OP since they hunt you and ONLY you. A T-Rex, for example, will not attack the Trike or Utahraptor 10ft away from him, but will instead B-Line straight for you 600ft away; it's rediculous. The scarcity of weapons and ammo are horrifying. The amount of deaths you are expected to endure is rediculous and completely ruins fluid gameplay.Altogether horrible game."
,Not Recommended,322920,28726483,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,aswitz87,"Let me put it this way, I've had this for years, and I'm tempted to attempt for a refund.  Nothign against the devs, its just not a finished product."
76561197996714311,Not Recommended,322920,28906254,Posted: 1 January,all,BigNStrongGuy,Can't figure out how to start a single player game and how to save.
76561198039484971,Recommended,322920,15055017,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Galactic Chicken,"If you ever went hiking in the woods, and you thought it was missing the parts where you get to sneak around in the bushes shooting at everything that moves, or running down hills like a bat outa hell, or the parts where giant dinosaurs jump out and eat you're face because you're as loud as very loud thing, or maybe the parts where you get to stay up all night and all day for like 3 days, sitting on a hill watching the sun rise and set, while sniping T-Rexes.You can even walk off cliffs, and find outposts, or both if you ever get the inclination.Then maybe you should get this game, where you can do all this, and more.Like, getting the crap scared out of you before being hunted down and devoured like the mangey dog you are, or killing a raptor with you're last clip of pistol ammo, only to realize there was actually 5 hunting you, you can even sneak around in the bushes, while the T-Rex searches for you ( because he only wants to tickle you with thoes cute little hands after all ), and when he finds you ? ahh such glorious reunions, he loves you, he realy does, give him a hugg.Ahh yes this game has it all, if you dont like spaceships, and lazers, or cars and helicopters.And now that they have giant pelicans, what more could you want ?It is fun to fly is it not ?Fly away pilgrim....fly away....."
,Not Recommended,322920,13749964,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Neatrior,"This game has been abandoned by the Devs, it's still in a buggy and unfinished state. I assume that same thing will happen to The Hunter: COTW."
,Recommended,322920,17149632,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SampleMagpie,"Gonna try to make this review as short and informative as I can.theHunter: Primal is an amazing and fun prehistoric hunting game.The Lore:You are an intergalactic prisoner or something, who gets sent to an alien planet, inhabited by dinosaurs. Your goal is to kill everything you see, so that an intergalactic coorporation can settle and build cities and stuff on it or something.The GameplayThe gameplay is based around stealth and hunting teqnicues. Don't make sound, and don't be downwind for a creature etc. if you don't have powerful weapons or a shelter, you are gonna find yourself crawling amid the foliage from time to time. Sometimes you get eaten, sometimes you don't! There are a wide selection of weapons and camoflague clothing in this game. Each item being different and useful for certain situations. You will spend most of your time searching for lootcrates and settlements. The walk from each settlement/lootcrate can be long, so grab a snack while you're at it!Some people may find this aspect boring, but I quite enjoy it. It's peaceful and calming to take a stroll through the world of TheHunter: Primal. My main issue with the gameplay, however, is the low stamina. You run out of stamina pretty fast in TheHunter: primal.HuntingThe hunting is a bit... questionable to say the least. You would think that a Utahraptor would not withstand 5 shotgun shells to the head and neck would you? This is the case, however, it doesn't bother me at all really. In order to efficiently kill most creatures, you need to shoot them in the chest/heart area of their bodies. Most of the creatures are pretty tanky and can kill you whenever they like. So be careful I guess... The stealth mechanic is wonderful and adds more atmosphere and immersion to the game. There aren't many survival games out there that comes even remotely close to having as amazing of a stealth mechanic as TheHunter: Primal has. That doesn't mean it is flawless...Pros:Amazing map, arguably one of the best open world maps I have had the pleasure of playing on.Immersive atmosphere. It really feels like the world is dynamic and alive.Cool dinosaurs. I love the Utahraptor and T. rex models. The other ones are OK.(And they have feathers ;))))))) )Stealth mechanic.Has a decently sized multiplayer community.Cons:Sometimes very glitchy.Awkward dinosaur animations and AI.Lack of content.Feels like it has been abandoned by the devs. Updates once a year or so, and the only things they add are new languages.SummaryGreat game, very atmospheric and immersive. Lack of content, but it maked up for it by having amazing map and one of the coolest and funniest multiplayer experiences I have had. I reccomend playing this with a friend or two, really makes it more fun.I reccomend this game to anyone who likes dinosaurs and hunting."
76561198070691672,Recommended,322920,24063611,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,jeremyj621,"I owned this game for less than two days and started a new game. Normally, all your progress and equipment is saved and loads when you start a new game, but not this time. I lost all progress and equipment and requested a refund. Apparently the developers abandoned this game and no longer support it or fix issues with it. I recommend not purchasing it.Edit, July 27, 2016: The issue of losing progress and equipment is a rare occurance corrected by exiting the game and restarting. Since I can't get a refund, I still play the game, but stand by my initial assessment since the developers seem to have abandoned this game and likely won't fix it. I still don't recommend purchasing it for this reason.Edit: June 2, 2017: Since the latest update (Jan. 2017), loss of equipment when starting a new game session is no longer an issue, and in fact you can now carry more equipment than before. For the value, Hunter: Primal is OK as is, but could definately benefit from more work: more dinos, bugged dino hit boxes, and additional game maps would be nice as well. If the game were more expensive than it is now, I would not recommend it, but for the value, it is fine enough and fun to play."
76561197992534243,Recommended,322920,20863653,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Chico,Fantastic game despite some of the bugs. But they are bugs I can live with. Beauty of a game.
,Recommended,322920,33347914,Posted: 7 July,all,Spirit,"It is quite a good game, yes it has some bugs but not so much that you cannot play this game and enjoy it.If you play this game by the rules it is a real adventure! You can hunt the dinosaurs but they will definetly hunt you as well :)I really hope they will make a DLC for it and Expand the game even further."
76561198049425806,Recommended,322920,33299808,Posted: 5 July,all,Davefrog234,I love the game I really do but there is  one problems that I dislike is  that  I always spawn like 15 feet from some raptor or some other animal that wants to kill me idk I may just be unluckey.
,Not Recommended,322920,15186562,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,blizzard season coat,I originaly gave this game a thumbs up but now it is pretty much dead. It's not worth your time or money.
76561198354553832,Not Recommended,322920,31185687,Posted: 16 April,all,IT'S MINE,it wont let me move
76561198275565606,Recommended,322920,31146749,Posted: 14 April,all,bodyngriffin,i need help my states kepp reseting and my invintory is reseting to if someone knows how to fix it tell me please i need help and help fast or else i wont be abel to play it but i love love love this game
,Not Recommended,322920,14121116,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Doc Corb [RCL],"You know what really makes me sad? having to edit a review. This game is effectively abandonware at this point. It's satisfying enough, but it's just at a standstill and assuming the devs will be forever.Summary: I really normally don't plug early access games because I've been irritated by them in the past, but as of this moment this game is a whole lot of fun. It's one of those 'survival sandbox' types, except.. streamlined? You have health, stamina, your only way of regaining health is rare-ish healing items and rare as crap mushrooms. You start with a bow and 10 arrows, bright friggin orange jumpsuit, and your trusty PDA map thingy. You pick your way through the landscape trying not to die and also find weapons/clothing/equipment at various ruined resource caches throughout the map. It's made with the engine of the prolific hunting game by the name of: TheHunter that i've played years off steam.TL:DRPros:Realistic AI: 'The hunter has become the hunted, hurrdurr'Satisfying gun/bowplay: Bloodsplats, you see your impacts and arrows sticking out of stuff.Varied-ish, huge map: You are on a giant subtropical island, swamps, beaches, mountains, and volcanic terrainPotential: TheHunter devs have been updating that game for years, and as satisfying as this is right now, wow!Cons:Servers: You basically have to make a solo multiplayer game to play, even if by yourself. As of this moment the only multiplayer games joinable are from folks who bothered to forward ports and all that. I hope that changes down the road as someone that enjoys multiplayer but also has a somewhat unstable connection.Steep difficulty curve: While by no means impossible, it so far has taken a long time to walk away from an encounter with raptors alive 50% of the time, not to mention with only a bow. I consider this game to be a DayZ lite, in that regard.Limited content: Despite my adoration of the game, as of this moment there isn't an awful lot in terms of weaponry/dinos to hunt/be hunted. 4 guns, I think 4 different outfits (counting hats and glasses and so on) 1 bow, 3 healing items, misc hunting gear, T-rex, Utahraptors, Triceratops.All in all I totally reccomend this game for folks looking for a realistic sort of shooter where you roam around and loot stuff to survive and prosper. It's a survival game without the eating/drinking, which IMO leaves you a lot more time to worry about the staring at the t-rex 10 meters away while shivering."
,Recommended,322920,13856816,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,AggyPlays,TRex's in this game make you blow them! Literally! 10/10
,Recommended,322920,31392916,Posted: 27 April,all,Sorsi,"NIce, I hope there would more dinos and weapons into future! ;:)"
76561198272239061,Recommended,322920,28129710,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Argagax,"A pretty simple, ""small"" game, as it's only one map (vastly larger than any of the hunting reserves in theHunter though), with only five species of animals, only one of which is a herbivore.I haven't played many survival games but I imagine there being more focus on not dying due to thirst, starvation or exposure in those - since this is still ""theHunter"", the only thing that can kill you here is either the animals, or your own stupidity (don't walk into deep water or jump off mountains, is my advise. Also - the flowers hate you).It's a slow and thus relaxing game, where most of the time you are just walking from base to base, trying to upgrade your gear and weapons, while you also have to be constantly on the alert from any suspicious sights or sounds. Many times have I been taken by a hungry rex or pack of utahraptors when not paying enough attention.I previously gave this a negative review because of the way the devs treated the problems players (paying buyers) had - but since they fixed it to the best of their ability, I'm changing it to what I really think of the game.I've played it on and off for almost 1½ year, and keep coming back to it. In some ways, I actually like it more than theHunter, as it's more sport when you risk dying, instead of just scaring your prey off (and of course, the waaay lower price, and I thought the ""ethical"" weapons in theHunter became too restrictive as they kept changing the rules).There is not really anything to do or any missions to complete, which I wish the devs could introduce (as well as more species!), but the Steam accomplishments keep me motivated, as well as making up my own goals. Finding a ""rare"" dino (mutation) is really something, and I still haven't caught my queen rex."
76561198204669141,Recommended,322920,32411704,Posted: 14 June,all,mrgamer123,awsome game play it every day but is hard to save game
,Not Recommended,322920,33756348,Posted: 23 July,all,iSquamata,"Good hunting experience, but it gets boring very quickly.There's pretty much one biome in the whole game and only 5 types of dinosaurs."
76561198002765826,Recommended,322920,20229128,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,J-Luf,"Its a great game, but it need some adjustments and bug-fixing :)"
76561198259973053,Recommended,322920,30626430,Posted: 19 March,all,CrazyOger419,"guys need to add some more stuff to this game, climbing mountains with a climbing axe, swimming, building, crafting or something, game needs to evolve upgrade badly"
76561198009676546,Recommended,322920,21892616,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,headshotharry,"probably the best dinosaur game i have played .yes it takes time to get into, but with help off other players you will be fine AI on utah a bit iffy but hey if they didnt miss you on first attack you wouldn`t last long,trikes get stuck behind rocks sometimes ,but these are trivial things that im sure the developers who have done a fantastic job will iron out. graphics are great depending on your rig ,animation on dinos great ,map size massive ,weather effects wow i could go on and on buy it its great (well i think so anyway)"
,Recommended,322920,22539677,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Palpatine,"This is honestly one of the best open world games i've ever played, it really gives me that The Lost World: Jurassic Park vibe. I hope they make a sequel to this like they did with TheHunter Classic."
76561198154932042,Not Recommended,322920,14714571,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,The Grease KING,"Pretty dead game, its okay but don't expect a lot of content or bug free gameplay. The devs simply don't fix bugs or add things often at all. There are very problematic glitches that have been around for YEARS and haven't been fixed despite mass reports. Okay game with good potential, lazy or simply bad devs."
76561198103183563,Not Recommended,322920,15168205,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,lol,why did i waste my time on this dogshit game
76561198044522120,Not Recommended,322920,34544932,Posted: 27 August,all,Sirtech,"Was an ok casual game but the latest bug thats been around for 6 months causes you to lose all game progress and levelling. And since you cant buy any decent weapons after about 30hrs of game time, it's game breaking."
76561198205397936,Not Recommended,322920,34587379,Posted: 29 August,all,msfrances47,Didnt ever want to give this game a bad review so i didnt review it but when i first got this game it suck it kept resetting my level/ money i had and they kept releasing update after update trying to fix the promblem well over 1 and a half years later they did bot time but the DEV now have given up on the game and no more Dinos are coming out i wish there was a middle between thumbs up and down as i like the game but can give it a thumbs up becuase of no new content and a year or 2
76561198380534160,Recommended,322920,34460639,Posted: 24 August,all,marliynbishop,None of my stuff will save ever i have to keep the game on to keep my stuff and i had an assult rifle.Its good game all except for that
