user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198122296876,Not Recommended,323060,20578100,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,MrKaiBot,"Okay, Tharsis is an EXCELLENT game... in concept.However, In execution it is a relentless, soul-blasting exercise in complete and utter hopelessness. The fact that there is a HARD mode beyond the standard NORMAL mode is comparable to saying that the sixth circle of hell isn't so bad because technically there's something worse.The fatal flaw in Tharsis is the total lack of balance between potential player success to the imminent damage they are tasked with combating. The ship gains random damage, but the randomness of the damage doesn't seem to have any control limits, so it will quickly overwhelm your ability to fix it.Gameplay:There are 4 player pawns, each with their own unique ability to fix the ship by rolling dice. The number of dice per pawn will be reduced every round through one method or another. In the dozen or so rounds I survived over five games, all my pawns maintained all their dice perhaps twice. PERHAPS twice. Every other round, I lost one die here, two dice there, three dice because a pawn died, you get the idea.Now, these dice CAN be recovered by eating food or with some dice trickery. You get SOME food at the beginning of the game, but you'll eat it immediately after Round 1. After that, you have to spend precious, precious dice rolls creating food or (here's the fun part) eating your fallen crewmembers. Don't worry, they start you off with a corpse in the medbay, so the table's already set. Yay, Space Cannibalism!Between each round you are given a Catch-22 choice. Something along the lines of ""Option A) Get dice back, but the ship takes damage; OR Option B) Fix the ship, but the crew loses health."" Usually, there is one choice that is slightly less bad, but in virtually every circumstance I thought to myself ""I want to do nothing. Nothing would be better than either of these choices. Can I please do nothing?"" The game would then cackle maniacally and whisper ""Noooooooooooo."" (Note: this happened in my head, not reality.)SO FAR SO GOOD!!However, here's where the game breaks. I don't mean ""Awww,it's hard, and me liek eazy gaems."" I mean IT IS SHATTERED UNTO DESTRUCTION AND LISTING ENDLESSLY THROUGH THE BLACK VOID OF SPACE.The fatal flaw (...get it? Because you'll die!):Your ship takes new damage every round. Every. Freaking. Round. However, before long the damage your ship receives becomes mathematically unfixable. I mean it. In every game played so far, even if I Qui-gon Jinned 50% of my rolls, it's a slim chance I would have survived. Of course you can't do that, so you're completely at the mercy of fate. Evil, jerky, space fate.For those thinking ""Suck it up, pansy, it's a tough game!"" I'd like to say two things.1. Don't call people pansies. That's rude.2. In my last playthrough before writing this, after round 4 my ship had two damaged rooms remaining, with 10 and 11 damage respectively. During the mid-round, I had the choice of A) Killing two of my three remaining characters to give the ship 2 health and keep the last character's two dice OR B) Kill that guy instead to give the ship 4 health, feed his fresh corpse to the other two, and use their combined 9 dice to give it the ol' space college try. I chose the latter option. Then, In Round 5 my ship received 3 newly damaged rooms with a total of 76 damage (30/26/20). SEVENTY-SIX. For those keeping track, that's a grand total of 97 damage spread between five rooms that I have to fix with 9 dice. YOU CAN'T EVEN DO THAT. And yes, for those wondering, I prioritize the repairs in terms of severity.Ultimately, Tharsis can be fixed, and it needs to be. Until it is, it's merely a way to experience the wild and frantic desperation of a gushing knife wound without actually being stabbed.How I'd describe it: Yahtzee + FTL + sandpaper to the brainOverall score: 2 out of 5Reason: Concept is beautiful but the math doesn't math, and it really, really, really needs to math.TOP REVIEW EDIT, Jan 30: Thanks for all the comments, folks! Well, most of them, at least. ;)The tips and suggestions many have made are excellent strategic advice, and I've implemented some of those already with varying levels of success. (I'd already used some before the review, particularly prioritizing repairs based on current health/dice/damage, but that made it boring as hell and not any more successful.)The intent of the review is to inform and state my opinion so others have a point of reference. It's certainly not to tell everyone to make the same choice or have the same thoughts as I do. This is why I'm THRILLED that it encouraged some folks to BUY THE GAME!! May the fates guide your dice. Well... technically they already do, but... you know what I mean."
,Recommended,323060,20514420,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Narkulus,"If you don't like unforunate dice outcomes, stay away.If you don't like solitaire board games, stay away.If you like your games easy, stay away.If you like to win a lot, stay away.If you don't like being in unwinnable positions, stay away.If you don't like punishing events, stay away.If you don't like working with limited resources, stay away.If you don't like to curse when things start falling apart, stay away.If you don't like to watch stranded astronauts suffer, stay away.If you're not willing to consider cannibalism for survival, stay away.If none of that concerns you, then this may be the game for you.Space is hard.edit: Bad dice outcomes can be overcome by utilizing the game mechanics to their full effect. Unwinnable positions are something that you're probably gonna get your self into, don't blame the game for your bad decision making. lol"
,Not Recommended,323060,20516692,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Callahan,"The vast majority of this game revolves around the following:- 1 or more events (""bad things"") occur each turn.- All of these events involve a module of your ship becoming damaged in some way, with a consequence for leaving the module unrepaired and a certain amount of repair points required to repair it.- Each of your crew memebrs gets a number of dice.- You move one or more crew members to the damaged module.- The crew members roll their dice.- If the result is higher than the number of repair points then you successfully repaired the module. If not, you suffer the    consqeuences of leaving it unrepaired.If you have a crew member with some dice left over, you can engage in some of the other ""gameplay"" on offer, such as:- Moving your character to the food module, then rolling their dice and trying to get 3 of the same number in order to get food.- Moving your character to the communication module, rolling their dice and trying to roll  >5 in order to reduce that characters ""stress level"".- Moving your character to the medbay, rolling their dice, trying to roll >5 to heal your character.Do you see where this is going? The entire game is the one single mechanic. Move a person to a module. Roll their dice. Either go ""Yay. I did it."" or ""Dang. I failed."" entirely at the mercy of RNG.As a result of this, it feels to me more like I am watching the game play itself, with me just along to look at it (not helped by the fact that the game is not very pretty.)I did not find this game very entertaining. I don't like being so heavily at the mercy of RNG. Maybe this could be  forgiven a little if there was more variety in terms of the events that happen and the actual gameplay involved, but there is so little content. It feels like Early Access."
76561198003880852,Not Recommended,323060,20505326,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[TAG]Alblaka,"A dice (aka RNG) based board-game about a crew of four trying to survive ten turns aboard a ship that seems to have more defects then screws.At first glance, an intriguing and interesting concept.After a number of games you start to get frustrated about constantly dieing and being screwed over by the RNG lethality of the game. Some more games in, you start to grasp the underlying concepts and math behind the game and start getting closer and closer. Then you have one lucky run and breeze through the game with little to no diffculties.And now I'm at that point and are mostly bored. It doesn't feel like me winning was too much of actual skill involved, but mostly just getting lucky picks with the dicerolls, the events, their order and the side projects. And I have no doubt that I will simply lose the next couple games again, even if I play just the same.And that isn't even considering the fact that I would just play the exact same game again. Maybe switch out one of the crewmen, but that's all you're apparently able to do. The 'Missions - Coming soon' button hints there might be more added later, but as of now, the game only offers you simple 20min sessions (usually shorter, because death).In total, a good concept, lovely crude RNG, but a complete lack of replayability and/or deeper learning.And that for 10€? Urgh, I kinda hoped for more than just these few hours.I cannot recommend this game outside of sales, it simply doesn't have the content to justify the price tag (heck, there's free flash games of similar quality and more content. For Free.)"
76561198062930115,Recommended,323060,20484616,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"""Einstein would turn over in his grave. Not only does God play dice, the dice are loaded.""Chairman Sheng-ji Yang""Looking God in the Eye""Tharsis is a Faster Than Light (FTL)-like board/card/dice game mix in which you guide a group of 4 survivors of a meteoroid disaster on their spaceship trip to Mars. Whether you will manage or not will be determined by your knowledge of the game, your skill and your luck.If you have been wondering why the hell did I put that quote from Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri in the beginning of the review, it is because it's just that - the dice are indeed loaded. The throws you make in this game are purely cosmetic and only give an impression of you actually influencing the game somehow. If the RNG decided that you will get a score of 15 with 4 dices, that is exactly what is going to happen, and you will constantly see dices taking weird bumps or even flat-out turning over to show a different number.So what kind of game this is then? I would dare to say it is more of a board game than anything else. You draw a set of cards at the beginning of each turn that represent disaster events of various magnitudes and you need to deal with them smartly and carefully. This also means, that even if you do all the correct choices, you can still lose a mission through no fault of your own, because the dice rolls and the almighty RNGesus may totally screw you over.So, as usual, let's take a look at the good and the bad.THE GOOD:1. Beautiful, comic-style artwork.2. A very pleasant ship to look at and even fool around with it for a bit by opening hatches, using consoles, and so on.3. Great music that totally fits the space theme. I love it, and I will be playing and enjoying it long after I am done with the game.4. Voice acting that even if not really required by this type of game, is still a very welcome addition.5. You always get that adrenaline rush when you roll the dice, even if you know that eventually the outcome is picked by an RNG-machine.6. Thinking before making a move is crucial in this game. Smart decisions actually tip the scales in your favor, and can totally improve the situation you are in.7. The game is winnable regardless if you're employing special tactics or not, which is nice for the people who just want to roll some dice and still have a favorable outcome.8. A good amount of unlockable crew members to further the replayability of the game. There is no bad crewman in this game, albeit some special skills are more useful than others.9. A single run takes between 15-30 minutes, which is great for a low-priced (9,89€ 34% off now) casual game, that you can totally sink some time into as a welcome break between all those AAA titles.10. Good replayability.11. Very engaging gameplay for a board/card/dice game mixture.12. Great pricing at launch - you have time till 18.01 to grab it at 34% off, which is a way bigger chunk off the main purchase price than many other developers tend to allow for at launch.13. You can reroll, hold on to, and use dices based on your crewmember special skill and the board setup. This can save you... or not. I still find it as a positive in this game though.14. I would also like to add a 14th good thing now - I don't know if you noticed, but on the main menu there is a greyed out button names ""missions"" - so I guess there will be even more content coming our way, which is always a great thing to look forward to.15. A few days after launch, I am happy to add a 15th good thing about the game - the developers really worked a lot to push a number of updates to address a plethora of issues various gamers had (like game not starting, black screens after logo, DX9 compatibility, etc.). I absolutely love it when the developers show that they actually care about their game and are willing to work for hours and hours on end to meet the demands of their paying customers. Well done, people. My hat is off to you. You could have easily taken a week off after launch, drank beer (or whatever their alcoholic beverage of choice is) and just checked your accounts to see the money rolling in, but you didn't. That's the way to do it.AN IMPORTANT ONE:16. People, after so many hours in the game, I can tell you one thing. The game is very easy to win once you unlock some additional crewmembers and let it teach you how to do it.And now, the BAD:1. It is a luck game, which means that you can lose it through no fault of your own. If you like games that you have better control of, this one is not for you.2. This game can be frustrating as hell, turning a good run into a terrible one in just a single week. If you have a short fuse and get easily irritated, or have anger issues, this game is not for you. All I can say is that the sooner you accept this game for what it is - a casual dice-rolling FTL, the better for you, your health and the longevity of your PC/Laptop.3. The dice are loaded - the whole dice rolling thing is to give you the illusion of you doing something or having some control. Now if you could like, kick the table, or bump it or something, in order to change the outcome of the roll, that's at least some control, but we don't have it here.4. The story is very predictable - I knew what will happen in the ending halfway through the game when I saw the transmission from Mars - I am not going to spoil it for you, though.5. The fact that you have very little control over the hand that is dealt to you - meaning research projects, disaster events, inbetween week choices, etc. - means that you will most of the time have to make terrible decisions which you don't even know whether they would be positive or not until you see the next turn. That is profoundly frustrating and may put a number of people off the game. You make a perfect choice for the situation just to see it ruined 5 seconds later. Not fun.6. As a consequence from 1-5, the game is hard as hell. It may take you a crazy amount of retries to even get past week 5, let alone winning the game due to its serious learning curve and heavy RNG focus.- To clarify: What I meant by a learning curve is for example you really need to learn which crew member to play from first to last in a mission depending on all factors. Sometimes it's good to go first with the captain, sometimes it's not. Also knowing when to use a research project or not, when to fix or not, when to sacrifice or not is also part of the learning curve. This game is way, way, waaaay deeper than it looks. It's not all dice rolls and completing events. Some low-risk events are sometimes better off left alone so that nothig worse spawns in that module, for example.7. And this is purely subjective - I have a feeling that, more often than not, you are being dealt at least 3 or more unfavorable hands during your journey. Having 3 events worth 5 total ship damage of difficulty 20 or more on week 2, and one of those with a 1, 3 and 5 injury dice is a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t unless you aced the first week with flying colors. In my opinion, the game does a rather poor job at scaling the events, but then again, you can totally luck out and have a breeze with your run, so I guess it evens out.So, the conclusion:I am very pleased to wholeheartedly recommend this game to the gamers out there who like a good mix of a casual board/card/dice game. I would also love to give props to the developers for allowing us to purchase it at bargain price at launch, and not wait for the next steam sale.This game is the perfect on-and-off experience inbetween gaming sessions, or to just pass the time by ""gambling"" your way through it. However, if you dislike one or more of the ""bad"" sides of the game, I would totally stay away from it, as you will most likely get frustrated or disappointed by it easily.P.S. This game is way more than dice, people. Let it teach you and stop hating on it solely because of the dice rolls :)"
76561198061750921,Recommended,323060,20603862,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DeadMan_Playing,"I really like it.of course, sometimes all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥♥is gonna happen around the ship and it will look impossible to fix everything. But there's a way... Most of the time. It might sometimes be a long shot, but hey, it's a flight to Mars.So, For example, you have this fire in the greenhouse, 29 damage to fix. Also, you get injuries when rolling a 4, a 5 and a 6.And it does 2 dmg to your ship hull every turn. And your ship has only 2 hull HP's right now.Well, it looks grim to say the least.And of course, this isn't the only event going on. So, what to do ? Well, you could rush all your crew to the greenhouse and most surely kill them all trying to get those 29 points with rolls.But no, you have to think laterally.So, there's this other event in the maintenance. This one looks better : only 10 dmg to fix, and maybe void effect when rolling a 2. (void makes your dice disappear, rending them unusable for anything)Now we can see the starting point for a solution to our problem in the greenhouse.Let's send our mechanic there and roll some dice. With a bit of luck, he will avoid rolling too much 2s. Ok : a 1, a 5, and two 4. Those two four are interresting : in this room, we can use dice of equal value to increase the ship's hull HP. The first two equal dices giving 2 armor, a third one adding one more armor point.Ok, so now the fire in the greenhouse won't destroy the ship. Not on this turn at least.Our mechanic isnt done yet. Let's use our 5 to reduce the damage in the maintenance room, and the 1 on research.Now it's turn for the Captain to work. Let's make him join the Mechanic in maintenance. He ate some food at the end of last turn, so he can throw five dices. Ok : a 2, a 3, two 5, a 6.A 2 : void. But we had one assist point, so it doesn't take effect. No more assist points though, so we gonna need to build up some more later if we want to throw dice in the greenhouse without risking too much injuries.With a 4 we could've finish what the mechanic started with his dices and and add a third dice to the hull HP, but no luck.But with the 5 we can finish to repair whatever was broken in here, so that's that.Now the only place to use the remaining dices is the research bar, let's do it : with the 1 from the mechanic and the 2, 3 and 6 from the captain, it's almost full, and we already have 4 points to spend on research bonus. Wich is good, because with two more points, we could unlock a sweet 28 damage repair bonus for one room.Now the solution is clear : Build some more assist points to avoid injuries in the greenhouse, completing the research bar to get the bonus. The place to do that is the Laboratory. Let's send our Specialist there.She only has two dice to roll, meh, but there's no event going on in the Lab, so we can rolll the dices safely.Now it's all down to luck.She might get a 4 and a 5, allowing us to complete the research bar right now on this turn. We could then send our fourth crewmate in greenhouse, use the bonus, and try getting 1 more point with dice rolls to finish the repairs; but with injuries on 4, 5 and 6, it could be very dangerous for him.Or she might get a 1 and a 6. The 6 can be used to get 3 more assist points, but the 1 would be useless.Or she might get two 5. With that we could still get the assist points we need, and the other 5 would be directed to research, to be completed next turn.So that's it. Of course, you might be overwhelmed by terrible events all over the ship on this next turn. Or it could go well with only minor events, giving the time you need to fix the greenhouse and maybe even grow some food for the turn after that ...Luck is important in this game. Be Lucky, be clever, and you might just make it ... for better or worse.PS: im french, and trying to improve my english. I hope my text was ok for you to read. And thanks for doing it :)"
76561198065814444,Not Recommended,323060,23883528,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,imaloony,"I see that a lot of people give this game a bad review because it's too hard, too RNG based, ect, ect. Personally, I don't think it's overly difficult at all. I play a lot of resource management board games so a lot of this is second nature to me, but once you figure out a strategy of effectively using dice and making sure that your crew members have lots of different things to do wherever they go, you'll do fine. I won by a wide margin on my second full game after playing through the five missions beforehand (most of which are training which help you to understand the mechanics). The mechanics of this game are actually quite interesting. It's tense, it genuinely makes you think hard about your moves, and I could honestly see this as a board game to hold shelf space next to the likes of Pandemic.That being said, I'm still not going to recommend it. Why? It simply doesn't have enough value. There isn't enough content here to warrent buying it even when it's discounted. There are five missions and a main story with two difficulties. I had finished all of the missions and beaten a game on Normal in less than two hours. There are a few classes to unlock, but all of their requirements are pretty grindy, which don't make them fun to unlock like the ships in FTL. Hell, there isn't even an endless survival mode, which seems like an natural inclusion for a game like this. After you beat the story, you're just replaying the same game over and over really. If this game had multiple campaigns, more missions (which haven't been added to since Feburary!), more customization options (different ships, equipment for crew members, different parts for your ship, more varied and interesting events), and a more interesting story, I could see this turn into something really worthwhile. As it is, it simply lacks the bang for your buck when there's something like FTL floating around, which can get you more than sixty hours worth of content for a lower cost. Maybe if the developers come back and start updating this with more modes and missions it'll be worth picking up on sale, but for now it just isn't there. I do hope that there is a future for this game because there IS something here worth pursuing. We'll just have to see where it goes from here.UPDATE: The August update is out, bringing with it some welcomed additions. There is now an easy mode, normal and hard have been rebalanced, five new missions were added, and, best of all, there's a new tutorial which is much, much more helpful than the old one. It could still use a little work, but it's going to make it a lot more newbie friendly. The new missions are fine, though I managed to blaze through them all in less than an hour. The patch was a step in the right direction, but I'd still like to see something big that can really give it much better replay value than it currently has. I'm still not recommending it, but there's a lot more potential here than when I first reviewed it, and I'm much more confident that we'll see more patches down the line to further improve the formula. If you're unsure, this is at least worth keeping an eye on for now."
76561198104089191,Recommended,323060,20540466,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Bushi Neko,"** Might be a good idea to read this all **I dont normally write a review at low play times..unless its a Nostalgia game, a quick play or like this.. one that is more or less a modern version of old school. At this moment I ve had a few plays.. ending in the death of all my crew.. the ship destroyed and scattered to the emptiness of space...BUT!!!Its a fun game.Many reviews so far say.. Brutally Hard.. Bad Game.. Devs dont care.. blah blah..HARDLY...  This game is truly the closest I ve seen a blast to the past in the form of random.. fate controlled by not only your actions.. but the roll of the die...  It even includes ways you can get a 're roll' and an ' assist ' ( Think old school ADandD saving throw to keep it simple.. or a boon from your sadistic DM )I can think of a few games from back in the ' day ' that were much harder, geared to destroy the player and dice were the instruments of the evil games work.. but they were fun. I wont list a bunch of things that most of you have probably never heard of.. nor can even find these days...SO THE BREAKDOWN:The game is not out to kill you. Fate is fate. You can have a great thing going.. and lose it all.. or you can survive.. chance.Unlike so many games these days, there is no ' strategy '. You have to look at the problems, look at what you have available in the form of your crew, and make your best decisions. Totally winnable. It just wont be easy, and it cant be done with a 'pattern' of behavior.But if your doing things right, you can change fate.. via the 'save' in the form of 'assist'.Normally I say here.. why play? This time I ll say why not.. THEN why..WHY TO NOT PLAY:If you simply must be able to win a game all the time.If you cannot tolerate old school fate vs figuring out how a strategy works.. ( real life doesnt offer set place strategy either btw )If you have to be able to reload a save when you dont like something.If you never liked old school pen and paper, dice rolls and a sadistic chance chart.. definently stay away.WHY TO PLAY:If when you do win, it makes you actually feel like you pulled one over.If you remember old school.If you like the feeling you used to get when life hung in the dice..If you like making tough decisions that may kill a crew mate but allow others to live.If you dont mind a bit of frustration, and sheer angst ( again, my feeling was like losing ol' Peter the Paladin many many moons ago )oh... and yeah.. cannabalism is an option if it gets really bad... One falls so that others may live and all that...BTW.. the first time you play... I d say you have a 99.9% chance of total death of crew.. but dont even worry about it.. that first one should be nothing more than ""What the heck am I doing??? """
76561197999227532,Recommended,323060,20518025,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Paladin_Fin,"It's a dice game. If that's not your cup of tea, then you're not going to like it. that said.This is basically a digital version of a single-player dice-driven boardgame. A nice looking and pretty fun one, at that. I like the little details in the presentation, and theme is pretty fun.What you actually do is risk-reward & resource management. Add a heavy dose of random dice rolls, and see what happens. You can do everything right, and still die. You can have a free ride. Like I said, it's a dice game. I just want to underline that that is a Feature, not a Bug. I think if more people got this fact BEFORE buying, we would have a lot less negative reviews. =D"
76561198024731165,Recommended,323060,20598018,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Manitoadlet,"""Sometimes, you can make no mistakes, do everything right, and still lose."" - Jean-Luc PicardThe joy of this game is in the playing, not the beating, of it.I think it's a shame that, as of the time of this writing, this has ""mixed"" reviews. I can see where it would not be everyone's cup of tea but there is nothing wrong with the game. The content is fine for the price and I experienced no technical problems.There is no fun in making a decision that you always know for a fact will work out. That's how a lot of game puzzles are, pull the right lever and the door will open. This is not like that and the very fact that the game occasionally has anal sex with you against your will via the dice and/or the troubles that befall your ship is what keeps the game fresh and replayable. If this game only had the one mission it comes with and there was one, solid, foolproof strategy to use to win every time, it would be all but pointless. It's not a pure gamble, there are definitely good calls and bad calls but nothing is guaranteed. You always feel like you're ""getting away with it"" and that's fine because the fun of it all is making those decisions, figuring out the best possible strategy under the given circumstances. That's where the game is and that never ends because the circumstances are never the same."
76561198012711922,Recommended,323060,24675395,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Captiva,"""Its the journey, not the destination that matters"" -Said someone sometimeThis is a dice game with a Random Number Generator at its core. I want to stress the word RANDOM. That means you will lose and lose a lot because the game randomly decided to make you lose. The same as when you roll dice in real life and they land however they land. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose.If you do not like to lose, then do not buy this game. Your crew will die, your ship will explode, and you will lose the game because of a completely random bad roll of the dice and it will happen often, but everything can go good too and you can win. It is a RNG system, just roll with the punches and work with what you get.Ok, if you are still interested, then the game does have other elements to it besides random dice rolls. You can use research cards with special abilities that help. Each module on the ship has a special ability that can be activated, and there are random events that occur in between turns that have choices that can help and hinder you. Your crew also have a different special ability each.There is a easy and quick tutorial, gameplay is pretty straight forward and does not vary much throughout the game. You will get random events that you need to roll dice to resolve. These events themselves can be many different random things, but besides the random hazards, they all are resolved the same way by rolling dice. Hazards can be putting your dice in ""stasis"", ""voiding"" your dice, and causing injury to your crew if you roll the number associated with the hazard.The dice themselves represent your crew members ""energy"". They can eat food or use abilites or cards (research) to get more dice. With no dice (energy) the crew will not be able to fix the ship. The ship itself has a health bar as well and when it takes too much damage from events not being fixed it will fall apart and its game over. Another mechanic that comes into play is crew stress levels. The higher the stress, the crazier the crew member gets and possibly worse consequences will follow if they do not destress.I tried to cover as much as possible. Overall I find the game to be interesting and fun. It does get somewhat repetitive after playing it for a bit, but I am still having fun playing a round or two every once in a while. I am also excited to see what the developers will offer for DLC and patches.Its fun and I would recommend the game to anyone who loves to play dice. I also like the space theme too so that helps some. Good game for the price in my opinion. Good Luck!!"
76561198114681720,Not Recommended,323060,20578348,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,OOPS! All Berries,"Tharsis, while an interesting idea in theory, is just a complete annoyance to play. And to be fair, it's not because it's hard because there is nothing really hard about the concept of the game.  You control a group of astronauts aboard a spacecraft heading toward mars, when suddenly everything goes wrong it's up to you and your crew to band together and survive until you reach mars.The game revolves around taking your crew around to certain parts of the ship where there are issues and try to fix them.  To fix them you must get a certain number of points by rolling dice in order to fix the calamity.  This is where the challenge comes in because your crew only has a certain amount of dice to use during a turn and you must strategize the best way to combat the situation. Do you use all your dice to go toward the problem, or do you use a couple in going into reaserch to help you later?  This is where the game takes a sour note unfortunately, it gets bogged down with too many things going on and essentially it sets you up for failure in the first couple of turns.  The game is randomly generated, meaning the events that occur and the stats that the crew starts with are different each time, but it doesn't seem to matter since the minute the game starts you are put into an almost game over state during the first turn.  Here is an example of one of the very short games I played and how it went.TURN ONE-Two problems: One in operations costing 15 points to fix and causes -1 health to all crew. The other in Maintenance costing 12 points to fix, causes one damage to the ship at the end of the turn. Also rolling a two or four in maintenance causes the crewman to suffer injuries.-Send a my engineer down to fix Maintenance. He has only two dice. First roll is two fours, my guy takes double damage an dies because he only started with two health.  (I chalked this up to bad luck and didn't get discouraged)- After using all of my crew I manage to fix the problem in Maintenance, the issue in operations didn't get fixed this turn. The turn ends, one health is taken away from my crew killing my doctor in the process because she started with only one health. (kind of annoyed, but once again chalked it to bad luck).TURN TWO-There are THREE problems this time: one in the Greenhouse which costs 25 points to fix and causes two damage to the ship at the end of the turn.  Another in Medical, this one cost THIRTY (completely unrealistic number considering how many dice your given between crewmates which is somewhwere between 2 and 3 at the start of the game) points to fix and would do THREE damage to the ship at the end of the turn. The last one in operations which costs Twenty points to fix and does two damage to the ship at the end of the turn.-naturally my crew of two managed to only scrounge up something like twelve points and then the turn ended and the ship was destroyed.Now copy and paste that experience about six more times and that was my experience with the game.  It's not challenging, it's just unfair. The odds it stacks againgst you at times are so overwhelming that you can never hope to overcome it.  And because of that it just makes the experience of the game infuriating and lacking of any fun to play.  The concept is really interesting, which is why I decided to pick it up, but the execution of it leaves a lot to be desired in terms of gameplay. Unless you are really into getting frustrated and losing repeatedly in about 5 minutes, I would steer away from this game."
76561198034574669,Not Recommended,323060,20575690,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Merku,"I wanna like this game I do. I underestimated the level of imbalance people discribed. When people say this game is imbalanced. What they mean to say is odds are only slightly better of winning then the Powerball.First off. The Status of your crew entirely random when you begin a game. Sometimes they're all at max health. I lost the game durring the first week. Or 1 turn. Looking at it I didn't have a chance to begin with. First turn 4 different modules broken, with 20 something each to fix them all with a 2 damage tick fo the ship. Meaning I had to roll roll a 100 with just 4 dice.Why just four dice? Every single crewmate started with only one die each. Some also started with 1 HP.This is not a game of tactics like it described itself as. The devolper said that ""Only 30% of the players have ever beaten the game."" When he says that he doesn't mean 70% chance of losing a game. No he means out of all the people ho play likely mutiple times only 30% of them ever seen a victory ending.It sucks too. If the RNG and balance was a little better this would be a decent indie game.Also do not get fooled by the difficulty setting. Normal and Hard modes are both impossible. Click Hard if you wanna be absolutely certain to lose."
,Recommended,323060,20554460,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Saluki,"Me, I liked it. You can get into rather unfair positions, and luck is a factor, but like most games involving luck managing your risk is really the crucial mechanism of the game. Sometimes you do everything right and the dice burn you, and occasionally you get a milk run where everything goes smoothly, but most of the games are, I think, well-placed on a tight line where survival depends on how well you weigh the odds.Additionally, one thing I really enjoy about this game is that you can stagger to the finish even after a major disaster, especially a late problem, and salvage partial mission success out of a busted run. A lot of games like this, if you take an early hit (like losing a crewmember) you might as well start over, but in Tharsis some mechanisms like cannibalism let you limp to the end of your run. That is a lot of fun.On the negative side, the interface is a little primitive and slow-witted, and the gameplay variety is lacking at the moment. Hopefully the promised extra missions will improve this last point."
76561197961755930,Recommended,323060,20526316,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,OneEyed Bob,"The basics of this game are easy to learn but learning the nuances can be difficult.The limited graphics are good, as is the music, with both adding a lot of ambience. It has been very stable for me, and I note the developer is active on the forums.A playthrough is typically short (my win percentage at present is below 10%) and it's easy to get back into on resume. If I see a playthrough is likely lost in the first few turns I just start a new game. A full game can take from 30 -90 minutes, depending on how much pondering you are doing. As a result Tharsis is at present my go to game if I only have 15-30 minutes to play something.The cannabalism aspect is rather dark but adds a unique element. Yet another reason not to sign up for Mars One, if you had any thoughts of doing so!It's also rather unique which is nice to see in an era of so many clones and sequels.I see a lot of complaints about the randomness of the game. I find that in many strategy games one can find a handful (or even 1) techniques/strats to beat the game, and once I've discovered those, thereafter I tend to stick to those strats, as do my gamer friends (for example forest farming in Civ 3). This game destroys that and as a result adds a large element of challenge and suspense as there are usually surprises every turn.If you have a short fuse or expect to win every game you own on every playthrough, you will not like this game.If you are into strategy games that like to throw you curve balls, keep you on your toes, and don't have a problem abandoning a lost cause by restarting, you will like this game."
76561198135379976,Recommended,323060,24663837,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jkik2000,"In my opinion a real gem.An unforgiving dice game where the odds are against you.A tale of brutal survival in space.I won 3 out of something like 300 games.The rules have a fairly steep learning curve. It takes knowing them all to succesfully launch a good strategy, but It's all worth it. Considering each game takes up to 10 turns (often less)  it's pretty amazing that I've logged in 20 hrs and keep playing.The developer is actively working and updating the game. The last couple of updates made some positive changes but even in the early stages this felt like a complete game.If you enjoy making tough decisions and taking calculated risks this game is for you."
,Recommended,323060,20615507,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BCG++,"I'm seeing too many negative reviews saying that this game is unbalanced, ill-designed, too hard, too RNG-heavy, etc. I want to briefly adress those concerns for those who are unsure about buying the game.Yes, the game is hard, but not impossibly so. Most of the negative reviews would have you believe that everything boils down to luck, that even if you play perfectly you will still get screwed by RNG - and this is simply incorrect. This game is about managing dice rolls. The rolls themselves may be random, but the gameplay is brilliant in that it offers a ton of ways to play around randomness. You need to strategize and figure out how to make your chances better. The game's rules and mechanics are deceptively simple - you can pick it up and instantly think that you've learned all that there is - but being able to see all your options requires experience. During my playtime, I gradually learned how to play more efficiently and cleverly, how to cleverly manage some of the frequently-overlooked mechanics (like using/generating assists or refreshing research options at the right time), when to take risks and when to play safe... Now with 20+ hours under my belt, I can consistently beat the game. In short: The game is not that hard. It's easy to learn, and hard to master; but mastering it is very rewarding.If you are not up to the challenge of mastering it, don't buy this game. If you like strategic thinking and risk management, give it a shot. Just know that you will lose many games in your first few hours - but if you learn from your mistakes (and don't blame RNG when you take an unwise risk and it doesn't pay out) you will get better and start winning consistently."
,Recommended,323060,20541611,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,codexus,"It's basically a dice based board game solitaire.Every turn you have to make decisions to maximize the probability that some of your crew will be able to survive until the end of their journey.While your strategy is important, some games are going to end after bad dice rolls no matter what you do and if that bothers you then it's probably not for you.  But that said, it's not that hard (on normal difficulty) and since the games are short, you can just try again and have better luck on your next attempt.I enjoyed the mood of the game, and the production value is surprisingly good for a game like that. Overall this game is a very nice surprise!EDIT:After playing some more, I'd say on normal difficulty pretty much every game is winnable and with correct strategy you should get 90% or better win rate. Hard mode is a bit harder but you can still get a good win rate. This game is beautifully balanced and forces you to think. It seems many people fail to see all the possible plays, get frustrated and blame RNG instead of reevaluting their strategy."
76561198004234335,Not Recommended,323060,20577969,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,CapAp,"Can't recommend this. It's marketed as a strategy board game, but there's a difference between strategy and tactics. There is no strategy in this game. You just roll dice, and then have to decide what the least harmful way to spend those dice is. At the end of the day, whether you win or lose is governed by how good your dice rolls are, and it doesn't matter how smart you played.For those who are worried this is just a vindictive QQ review, I will say that I managed to beat the game with all crew surviving on my 14th play, less than two hours in. According to the achievements only 30% of owners have gotten to Mars as of the time of this writing, so I think I'm in an OK position to judge.Your mileage may vary, but I recommend passing on this one to fellow strategy/board game fans looking for something in the vein of Alien Frontiers or Galaxy Trucker. I refunded the purchase because I can't see myself spending much more time with what is essentially Yahtzee with a coat of space paint."
76561197969687669,Not Recommended,323060,20507782,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Scelous,"I am someone who plays board games and doesn’t mind randomness or luck.  I enjoy dice games, which inherently have a chance element to them, such as Roll Through the Ages or Kingsburg.  I watched the YouTube previews of Tharsis before release, and I was very excited to try it out.  When I saw the initial negative reviews claiming Tharsis was too luck-based, I thought to myself, “Ha!  They just don’t know how to play and aren’t skillful enough!”I was wrong.Tharsis is the very first game I can think of that feels too luck-based to me.  It feels completely random and you may as well just flip a coin to see if you win or lose.  I did hear YouTubers who were playing the preview mention how either they would win with a full crew or die completely – it’s because Tharsis swings in extreme directions, given how much random chance is at play and how little you can mitigate the problems.So ultimately, a thumbs down from me.  I was expecting to like Tharsis, but it turns out I was wrong."
,Recommended,323060,24290987,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Unit27,"One thing that seems to be missing from board gaming are single player games, and Tharsis proves they can work, specially in this medium. Very well designed game, it's punishing but with each play you'll learn how to best use your crew and the ship. Each turn is meaningful and will have you thinking through your options and best course of action.The game could do with some graphics optimization. I get big FPS drops on the main menu and during cutscenes, which is odd for such a simple game. During gameplay it works great, so it's not such a big issue.If you're looking for quick but intense play sessions and a game whose mechanics will provide tons of replay value on their own this game is for you."
76561197970571810,Recommended,323060,24115762,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ExHippy,"Tharsis is basically a board game that's been translated to PC. You control 4 astronauts aboard a badly damaged and extremely unlucky space ship bound for Mars. Each turn you have to assign them to one of 7 sections of the ship and try and keep it from blowing up or the astronauts from dying. This is done by rolling dice and then assigning them to either one of the crisises, research, the special ability of the module that you're in or the special ability of the astronaut.The game is pretty brutal, you have to survive 10 weeks and you will get 2 or 3 new crisises per week. It's very easy to become overwhelmed or for a random event to completely scupper you. Also the game relies on the dice rolls going your way, an unluck roll can see your astronaut die very easily.Basically it's a random event generator paired with a dice game. There are definitely strategies that you need to imploy to have any chance of winning but you will need a bit of luck as well. If you're easily frustrated or the type to rage quit when a game becomes totally unfair I would give this a miss. If you're not and you like your board games then I would give this one a go."
76561198025016625,Recommended,323060,20756654,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,khambilo,"Okay, so here's the thing.As an avid tabletop player, I want to say that I love this game.  Seamlessly integrating resource management, strategic decision making, and the dread of tabletop games like Forbidden Island and Pandemic is done very well. It all looks and feels right.And it is enough for me to recommend the game.But if there is any complaint I have about the game, it is that there simply isn't enough to mitigate to role of chance in the game.  One game will end two turns in because of the ounslaught of unwinnable events and another will go easy on more for about five or six before doing the same thing -- all independent of how strategic I played.  That's a problem, and no I'm not expecting to have a victory handed to me.  What I am missing is a sense that I am progressing.  This happens after about three hours of playing --  when you've understood all the concepts of the game and how they're supposed to advance you through the game -- and in the end how ultimately your fate is left up to the roll of the dice.It is all the more frustrating because it feels so close to being just right.  Perfect atmosphere, generated by great artwork and voice over, addictive dice-based gameplay that feels abundantly fresh amongst piles of Steam rogue-likes.Perhaps patches and updates with change the game over time, so if you're on the fence about this one, my advice would be to wait and see where the developers go with this.  Unless you're a fan of losing games.  A lot.Or if you're a fan of Pandemic."
76561198006390003,Recommended,323060,21112742,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,INait,"Seriously, bad reviewers, what's wrong with you?Yes, the game is hard, yes, it's random at many points, but that is the point! You keep trying to make the best of what you got. I've beat it 5 times on hard difficulty, to anyone saying it is impossible."
,Recommended,323060,20535607,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,StreamQuests,"A nail biting game of risk management.If you want a quick game that requires real strategy and planning to reduce the dangers that are ever present, this is the game for you. The developers have stated that they are actively working on improving the game, making things more obvious and strategies easier to identify.For the price tag, this is a definite buy."
,Recommended,323060,20867407,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,nn74,"Don't listen those whiners who says that is impossible,unwinnable game and nothing depends on you but on devastating RNG. For those I recommend to find Dragondave17 on twitch. Dave have 30 >>CONSECUTIVE!!!<< wins (5 on hard) in the live streaming. So, Dave is luckiest guy in the Univers or just some whiners didn't know how to play this game. After stressful couple games in the begining,and watching some playthroughs on the web I achieve around 50% win ratio, and that is best win ratio from all roguelikes I play.Game is one refreshing expirience, price is OK  10/10"
76561198064414264,Recommended,323060,20506741,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Hopeless Situation Warrior,"""The subsystem for fire containment is not working. Because it is on fire.""If you like reviews with fact-based statistical content, READ THIS REVIEW (well the bit at the top).UPDATE: I'm moving this to the top of my review because I feel it's important. There is something in common with a lot of the most popular negative reviews about this game, and that is the theme that this is not a strategy game because you are completely at the mercy of the RNG and bad game design.Well, my Tharsis record is now at 30 wins, 0 losses, and only 3 crew deaths, at least 2 of which were preventable because I done goofed. Let that sink in. I have a 30 game winstreak. The odds of that happening if you can only win half of the time are 0.5^30. That is, 1 in 1,073,741,824 (1 in a billion. ""So you're saying there's a chance?""). All of this done on livestream and nobody watching the livestream to see how I play has disputed my win streak.You read that correctly, that is 1 in a billion chance (or 1x10^9), at the minimum levels of game balance e.g. 50/50. Now if the other reviews were correct, and your chances were actually much lower than 50/50, then the chances of my getting a 30 win streak are quite literally, astronomical (pun intended), about the same chance I've got, of building a bottle rocket, and getting it to land on Tharsis, in real life.On top of that, I've been playing on Hard. My win streak of 30 games includes 5 games on Hard difficulty- so even Hard difficulty is balanced to be winnable. Back when my win streak was at 20, a very great statistician on the forums called codexus calculated with 99% confidence that my chances of winning a game were greater than 80%, including my misplays, and worked out that the chances 97%+ of winning any game would be a 50/50 bet- this based on a win streak of 20.I'll quote his summary here, based on 20 wins in a row:99.9999046% sure it's winnable more than 50% of the time (yup that's the actual number)99% sure it's winnable more than 79.4% of the time90% sure it's winnable more than 89.1% of the time80% sure it's winnable more than 92.2% of the time50% sure it's winnable more than 96.6% of the time.You have to face facts, this game is either perfectly balanced to be winnable, or I should be the richest lottery winner on Earth, from all of the lottery tickets I should be buying.I'm just going to leave my review here, I think that's all I really need to say now. You can read the original review below, if you want to torture yourself, because it's pretty long and lame compared to what I just said:Yay it's time for one of my poorly written, lazy reviews that I don't spend any time on. *wall of text follows* actually it's mostly just stuff I copy and pasted that I already wrote in the forum, edited up a bit to look even messier.Difficulty: 10/10Threads on this game ""Yadda yadda this game is too easy/hard/imba"" - No it's fine. Cannabalism could be a little less stressful, I mean, that's good eating.That aside, my third win I had a ship damaging event that I wasn't able to spare anyone to fix for half of the run, and we still got to Mars in great shape.The balance seems okay to me so far, I've had some tight spots and close calls but nothing I haven't been able to beat so far.Damage control (affecting the dice rolls):The order in which you tackle events and the ways you use the rolls you get affect the final outcomes a lot.There is a resource called Assists which gives you a lot of control when used well.The research projects give you a lot of control over the results too. Say you roll more poorly then you expected, but you saved up some good research ""just in case"", you throw those low numbers in and purchase that research project.Interface: 10/10The game has a nice interface too, I haven't had any complaints, and never felt like ""Oh you know what would good, if this did THIS, or we had a THING over there, doing THAT"".  It's great.Theres a few nice touches you don't necessarily notice at first and all of the information you need is generally presented visually otherwise right there when you need it, without having to click on anything else.Another example, I liked that when you click on ship info you can see which modules already have dice slotted in, and in the same vein, when you move somebody to a location, you have the option to go back, if you change your mind or saw something you didn't expect.Sound: 6/10The music track is okay, I'd say around average, which doesn't mean bad, because you expect decent tracks from games.The sound is okay too, I laugh whenever my guys do a side project that hurts them and then *LOUD CLUNK* they shake their heads.The voice actor for the cutscenes is really good.Replayability: 6?+(more when Missions come out)/10There's a few character unlocks you can use to mix up your team setup.You get 1 after 1 win, another 3 after performing some common actions, which will take around 4-8 or less wins to unlock, and one more.Rough estimate in wins: 1 win to get Pilot, 3 wins to get Technician, 6 wins to get Psychologist, 8 wins to get Commander, 40 wins to get Cannibal (10 if you eat everyone else on the ship, maybe)Missions/Challenges are planned but not released yet, so I can't comment on those.Overall: 8/10 because math is mean.Buy recommendation:If you're into this sort of game(watch some videos first!), and are prepared to weather out the difficulty curve,then Yes, try to get a discount price (it's on 34% release discount).Entering deep TL;DR territory:Even some of the people leaving negative reviews have admittedly enjoyed the game itself, just not the rigid difficulty or something else.I'd say the game is fun whether you win or lose. There's always hard mode and different crew setups if you want to add/reduce challenge. Devs may add an easy mode, which would probably be like normal but negate the harshness of bad luck or allow a few mistakes here and there.That might influence reviews, along with the Mission mode which will add to replayability.Some people say that the game is 95% RNG because they didn't win in XX games, but I've won all 3 rounds (base crew, no special crew, no deaths) that I played so far.If that's RNG then that must be good RNG helping me win.STOP READING! ITS OVER. GO HOME.An example of how one event in the game goes:I have an event on my current turn that would wreck me if I didn't plan ahead. This event deals 3 health damage for every 1 that you roll on a D6. You roll up to 5 dice and crew have maximum 6 health, so as you can see, it's on the deadly side.However, on the previous turn, I moved a crew member to the Lab to gain 3(max) Assists. Each assist will negate 1 negative roll, which means each assist will negate 3 health loss, which is hugely beneficial. It's always a good idea to have a lot of Assists, and although it was lucky I had them right when this event occured, there was nothing to stop me diverting to the Lab first before going to the hazardous area if I didn't have them. This is the deadliest event I encountered so far- so I think it's fine,I just had to think of a way to deal with it, and there's at least two ways: The Lab, which is always available, and Research, which isn't, but could include for example a project that instantly repairs a module, or a project that blocks all injury damage for an entire turn. For that matter, I have a research project that can instantly repair the deadly module, and enough research, so I do have two options to deal with it already.10 of 10 (100%) Jive monkeys found this review.. ooh look, bananas (too long)SEAMOOSE INFLATABLE CABBAGE"
,Recommended,323060,33103420,Posted: 1 July,all,papaya,"If you like board games, or games that require some sort of resource/crew management, you will love this game. Don't let the 'Mixed' status it currently has fool you. It's not for everyone, not at all, but if you're the kind of person who likes this kind of game, you will love it.Tharsis is ultimately a game about dealing with the hand (or dice) you're dealt. Some things are influenceable, you're able to slightly rig the odds in your favour, but at the end of the day you are at the whim of the dice. Of course, if you rigged the odds properly, their whim shouldnt have much of an impact. If you play it properly, you should only have a handful of instances that are completely out of your control, and if those fail, you should have a backup plan ready. In fact, you should have multiple.Yes, extroadinarily, somehow a game relying on rolling the dice is actually a lot more skill than luck based. I've played plenty of roguelikes, I've played strategy games that relied a little too much on the RNG, this is not one of them.Please give this game a chance. Maybe not on full price, but on sale it is a good addition to your library that can keep you occupied for more than a few hours."
76561198006514123,Recommended,323060,20567822,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Rogal_Dorn,Did a few runs.  This game is actually really fun and totally stable.  WARNING:  Don't get this if you shy away from a brutal challenge.  The only reason this game has a mixed review is because people think it is too hard.  Don't be a pansy and enjoy the ride!
76561197970501954,Recommended,323060,20555267,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Agro Alba,"First game I've ever really felt obligated to review. The game is a lot of fun! Yes there is an element of chance to it, but like the tabletop games it is so obviously inspired by, that's part of the fun! There are ways to mitigate the chance, planning ahead, making good use of crew abilities and ship abilities. Definitely worth the price."
,Not Recommended,323060,21469817,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,pie tin cat,"Challenging situations that put you on the edge of your seat. Strategy is a huge part of Tharsis, and I've enjoyed a lot of the time I've put into it.The replayability has been lost on me, though. I've figured out a team to get me to Mars with everyone intact almost every time. Most of the other team members are so impossibly useless in comparasion that it makes the game feel unbalanced. Maybe I just haven't put enough time in to figure it out, but I've lost motivation to save the idiots.Eventually, a higher score just wasn't enough motivation for me to keep on playing.Cool game, but feels a bit shallow in the end. If you can get it on sale, then go for it."
,Recommended,323060,28300276,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Azathoth,"First, if you’d like to see gameplay footage and a bit of review, check out my video here:https://youtu.be/fvBB_-Qk9ykIf you’d rather do that whole reading thing, well, keep reading.THE SHORT VERSIONTharsis is the boardgamey-ist PC game you’re probably going to play. It’s not easy, in fact it can be quite difficult (though fair), but ultimately if you understand probability and risk/resource management you get a fun, tense game right up until the end (which often ends in the destruction of your entire ship).THE LONGER VERSIONTharsis is basically a board game in digital form; you’re on a mission to Mars that (surprise!) goes horribly awry. As your ship continually takes damage and does its best to fall apart, you desperately try to keep it together.The mechanics are rock solid but the absolute heart of this game is risk and resource management; you’re walking a tightrope between two skyscrapers, trying not to glance down and failing. And you’re hungry. And things keep dropping out of your pockets.What resources you may ask? Seems you’re just rolling dice and hoping for the best…WRONG. The most obvious resource is your dice; every turn you decide how to allocate them; do you repair the ship? Use a room’s ability? Your crew’s ability? Gain research which gives you powerful special abilities? All are crucial to success, but you never have enough to go around.On top of that, every turn after you finish rolling, you lose one of your precious, precious dice for the next turn. There are multiple ways to get them back: the Captain’s ability, there’s a room in the ship and food…oh yeah, that’s a resource you’re going to want to gain/manage also, at the expense of accomplishing other things. People like food. I know I’m a fan.That’s not where it ends though; each crew member also has health. You might think to yourself, “Self, health isn’t a resource.” You’d be wrong; managing your health, increasing it, knowing when you can take a few hits and when you can’t is vitally important.Your poor little astronauts also have a stress level. This increases as bad things happen to them and there’s only a few ways to gain it back. Although this is probably the least essential “resource” it can play a huge factor in the choices you have to make between rounds; each round, you’re given two choices that generally give you something and take something away. Lower stress = better choices.And that’s what this game really boils down to; choices. You have a ton of things to do and extremely limited resources to do them with. You have to prioritize what you’re doing and how you’re going to do it with no guarantee that you’re going to succeed; dice can be a harsh mistress. This keeps things tense right up until the end; rarely do you feel like victory is easily in your grasp.A brief word about replayability as I’ve seen it come up in other reviews; there’s plenty. Most complaints say it’s the same game over and over (it is) and that you don’t get much game for your money (you do). If you’ve ever played board games, it’s the same idea; what’s in the box is in the box, and that’s it. But what you get is damn good. Yes, you’re replaying the same thing over and over but you get such a tense experience, it doesn’t matter. If anything, it makes Tharsis an ideal game to pick up every now and then for a session or two."
76561198011604143,Recommended,323060,20663902,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ScoutMaggs,"So I like Tharsis. I really do. Its cruel, random, completely unforgiving and sometimes it makes me want to scream my lungs out in frustration. But I really like it. Why? Well first off I like the setting, it sends you to the most dangerous and inhospitable place known to man. You're not supposed to be there and the game makes damn sure you know that. There is no help coming, no way to stay alive, all you can do is try and soldier on. Its all hopeless.Secondly, I like the progression of the game. Even a totally failed game where two crewmen were eaten, one got blasted in to space and the last one used the last oxygen screaming in terror as the ship fell apart around her, makes you inch ever closer to unlocking new crew. And belive me, some of those crew really makes a huge difference.Thirdly, there IS strategy amongst all the random death by sewage in the water tank. Learning how to use your dice takes time and you have to stick with it, but ones you understand the system almost no roll is useless. You can always put a die there, regain some dice here, get some assists or work towards that expensive research project that next turn could allow you to fix a module for free and then that guy could go harvest food and that guy could get his health back and.. So and and so on.So yes, the game is cruel, random and you will fail. And fail. And fail again. I have 37 games played. Out of those 37 games I've won 7. Out of those 7 I have managed to get the entire crew to their destination 2 times. But damn did those 2 times feel good."
,Recommended,323060,23828699,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Stobbie1,"Initially this review was negative; I critisised the game for being too random and that strategy didn't play a big enough role. I didn't believe that any strategy could affect bad dice rolls and that the game was unfair as a result. After reading comments on the review, arguing that every game on normal can be won, I decided to give the game another go being more open-minded. I mostly agree with the comments that I read now, though I do still have some issues with the game.You'll see many reviews of the game saying that the game is too RNG focuses, that you are constantly put into unwinable scenarios and that the game is extremely frustrating. I can agree with one of these point, but lets go over the others first.The game is too RNG focused - This is a common concern when you first start to play the game. I felt the same way and it was my main critisism. Once you understand the game better, you realise that there are enough options that allow you to control the RNG and get around bad dice rolls. I'll go into a bit more detail later about why I think many people don't give the game enough chance and do assume that the game is too random.You are constantly put into unwinable scenarios - This goes along with the random nature of the game. When you finish a round and the new events pop up, you might find that even if you have perfect rolls it is impossible to deal with all of the events; whether it be through a lack of die or too many events and not enough people. This is where the strategy and planning is most important, ensuring that everyone has enough dice from the first round to the last. Planning ahead and prioritising certain resources is something that you will learn to do as you keep playing the game, but there are people on the forums who are prepared to help you if you can't get started.The final point is the frustration of the game and its why I believe people don't give the game a chance, I almost stopped playing the game because of the frustration as well. I'm not trying to say that the game shouldn't cause you to be frustrated to some extent, its something that comes along with a game like this. I think that its the reason behind the frustration that affects the game. Perhaps it is the fact that your success is based on dice rolls as opposed to another system. When rolling dice with 6 possibilities, rolling a 1 is frustrating because the idea behind dice is that you have an equal chance to get any number. If it were a single percentage being displayed it might be less frustrating than seeing multiple die roll on lower numbers (example - ""You have 60% chance to fix the module"" 2 outcomes fix or don't).Another point might be the way that the game throws you into a tough scenario without much leadup. I understand the game is meant to be difficult, but it feels like there isn't a ""start"" to the game in the way that many other games have. I'll point to FTL because its a game I know; at the start you have little resources and are fighting simple enemies, there is a slow leadup to the harder decisions which helps keep the player engaged and assists in strategy and understanding, its still challenging but you learn more as you go along in single playthroughs and get further. Perhaps the combination of presenting dice rolls alongside the shorter and more punishing style of the game pushes people away before they find strategy (at least in my opinion). It could explain the reason why many people believe the game to be too RNG focused. In this game if you don't manage your resources from the first turn then you are putting yourself at a disadvantage.In conclusion, the game is great fun once you start to understand it a bit better. I enjoyed the concept even when I was losing everygame, I just couldn't see how to consistently win, or win at all. When you start the game the first round gives a small amount of leeway, but then you are plunged into managing all of your resources and it can be overwhelming. Perhaps an easy mode with less mechanics, less resources; or making the game longer with slower progression and less to deal with in earlier levels, might help newer players with strategy and understanding, making the game seem less random and more fun. If you are willing to deal with a few hours of ""WHY DO I KEEP LOSING"" and can keep an open mind, you'll likely enjoy the game after understanding it a bit better."
,Recommended,323060,26480397,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Seneketh,"Tharsis is extremely hard, but its worth it. Many complain about the huge role chance plays in the game, but this is only conditionally true. It´s about MANAGING those odds against you as good as possible. Avoid situations where you need to rely on good luck...In any case, if you are a bad looser, stay away."
76561197985297096,Not Recommended,323060,20575712,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Tran455,"Terribly repetive with annoying die rolls odds. Don't get me wrong, it has potentials and I generally like die games, but this one needs a bit of tweeking. As of right now, don't waste your money on it.I spent the $10 to get it and I already want my money back -- as a gamer, that's a rare thing for me as I expect to love and hate some games. This one has reached the level of ""Give me my money back and I hope you develop something better in the future""Added: I would like to say that the developers really need to work on the randomness of the rolls. I came up with exact identical numbers on three dies, four times. Could be a very fun game if things were a bit more evened out by the developers."
,Recommended,323060,28951369,Posted: 2 January,all,Lin,"Do you like dice? Are you lamenting the lack of more dice in your life? How about dice dressed in spacesuits? Worry not, Tharsis is here.My first question when the game was suggested to me was: Does any strategy survive the dice-apocalypse? The answer is: kinda, maybe. There are some basics of strategy there, and you do need to understand them in order to make appropriate risk-reward decisions, but at the end of the day statistics aren't fun for most of us and luck is luck. While the developers do give you a number of different ways to manage the dice you roll, bad dice will still break you. So if you don't like games with a very heavy luck component, Tharsis isn't for you.The main game at first appears to feature something of a story, but it ends up being just a shallow bit of window-dressing. Which is fine for a board game, but, from the way it was set up, I was led to believe there might be more of it. However there is at least a decent attempt to create atmosphere and tension, to transport you to a lonely spaceship in the middle of nowhere where you can experience the constant war of attrition against failing systems and failing health. I thought it was a valiant effort but it ultimately fails because... these are still dice. And I don't know about you, but personally when I think about space-faring, I like to delude myself that humanity relies a bit more on skill than on luck. I'm naive like that.All that said, the main game loop is repetitive but entertaining. As far as dice-based digital board games go, this one is well thought out and well executed. There is also replayability here. Putting the main story (with its 3 difficulty settings) aside, the game features multiple scenarios, shorter ""campaigns"" with specific goals or restrictions, a score system and also a bunch of unlockables to keep you coming back. So while my world wasn't set on fire, I enjoyed myself so far and haven't regretted my (heavily discounted) purchase. If you like board games and can deal with the luck component, Tharsis is a well made little game that I can recommend.---P.S. I understand the devs have improved the tutorial, but it needs a bit more work. It took me trial and error and 3-4 lost games to understand how exactly the different modules and research works, which is a pity, cause they'd have been simple concepts to explain. Some more tooltips or the addition of a help page within the game would have helped."
76561198030570287,Recommended,323060,20554171,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Scav,"This game is brutal. In fact, it's so brutal that it reminds me of the orginal X-Com and original DMC (maybe even Star Control 2 and MOO2) for some reason. Expect to fail... a lot. I haven't had so much fun in ages. It's a challange. All the ""mix"" reviews come from the ""whinner"" generation and the ""particapation throphy"" generation.I'm so glad to see someone rolling back the time before ""easy mode AAA"" games.PS: Well worth the money for us ol'timers."
,Not Recommended,323060,20495082,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dutchoper72,"UPDATE:PCGamer gave this game a 44/100. Tread lightly.Source:http://www.pcgamer.com/tharsis-review/?utm_content=buffer213c4&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook&utm_campaign=buffer_pcgfbThis game can be 'fun'. However the RnG and broken game mechanics which flood this game makes it almost unplayable.90% of the time you will die, and it's annoying to view the mini cutscences over and over again.No matter how well you think you are doing, you will die. For instance, I reached week 5 and on that day, I was going to get +3 damage from 5 modules, no matter what I could have done, it was the end. This game needs balance badly in order to have a long shelf life, otherwise don't bother with it at the moment.Missions are coming, but dunno what that will add. I hope devs will listen to player feedback, and not sweep it under the rug.If they simply added an 'Easy' difficulty your chances of making to the end would still probably be around 75% failure. At least it would be better then normal."
76561198017065468,Recommended,323060,20638074,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Jorrrrrn,"Guys. Hey, guys.If you have any doubts about this game because of the raging fearmongers who tell you it's impossible and that its RNG is broken, bla bla bla...Please, look at my profile. Look at my Achievz for this game:Got to MarsMost of Crew Intact (Captain went down with the ship)Didn't Eat AnyoneIN 3.2 HOURSLet me explain exactly what's going on here.Tharsis has a VERY steep learning curve at the beginning. You're scrambling to put out 800 fires at once, and you only have enough energy to put out... 2 of them. The game forces you to squash immediate threats to your survival while you scramble to create even the slightest semblance of long-term stability. It also forces you to be verrrrry meticulous about the placement of crew, the use of modules (different locations aboard the ship), and the distribution of dice.As the developers explained in one of their videos, you shouldn't be fooled by the apparent arbitrary nature of the dice... No, you don't get to choose what numbers come up, but you DO get to choose how to apply them, and that makes ALL the difference in the world. If you're using the right character in the right ship module, or choosing the right research option, what may look like a handful of lousy rolls can easily be turned around into game-changing effects that're even more powerful than straight rolling against the target numbers of various emergency tasks that you have to deal with. Examples:* If you're in the Maintenance Bay, a pair of snake eyes can counter crippling damage elsewhere on the ship while someone else is whittling away at those repairs.*If you're in the Laboratory, you can reset the ship's Assist which blocks hazardous dice rolls, protecting the rest of your crew from lethal injuries while they work elsewhere on the ship.YES, YOU WILL FAIL! MULTIPLE TIMES! Don't be discouraged. I think my first 3 playthroughs lasted a combined total of about 15 minutes... When you still don't know what you're doing, getting smoked takes minimal effort and it happens in the blink of an eye. It may be 5 games, 10 games, before your experience starts to feel more like progress and less like surprise buttsekz, but the good news is that those first few rounds will probably fly by too quickly for you to dwell on them. And slowly, steadily, you'll get further and further along on your voyage.All of your crew members have unique abilities, and there are different ways to play with each of them, and other unique crew that unlock after various achievements... and then the sheer randomness of the game itself, as well as a higher difficulty, all add up to a fair amount of replayability for the truly masochistic. Apparently they also have additional ""Missions"" of an undisclosed nature coming down the pipe as well, so there'll be more places to fly to in the future. For now, getting to Mars is scary enough on its own.If you don't own Tharsis yet, I'd offer the same caveat as some other folks have..... This game is not for everyone. On a scale of 1 to Completely-Dank, you probably need to be at least a 7 to be successful here. If you went to one of those schools where everyone got a gold star just for showing up, you probably won't have the temperament that's required for a mission to Mars.If you already own the game and don't like what it's doing to your self-esteem, my advice would be to really experiment with your crew and with the various modules aboard the ship, as well as research options, rather than just trying to grind away at one emergency after the next. You'll get a better feel of what you're truly capable of, and you'll see a lot more depth to the game than if you just keep throwing bodies at each new problem as it arises. With luck and practice, you'll probably even survive.My only complaint right now is with how short the game is... If and when you do figure it out, 10 turns go by really quickly. I'm hoping that the higher difficulty and the upcoming missions stretch that out a bit.8/10UPDATE: The Stress mechanic adds a lot to the game's replayability, and takes most of the sting out of losing when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan by adding a dash of humor. Your crew start to make hilariously incredibad life choices once they go over the edge, complete with colorful commentary."
76561198060231815,Recommended,323060,20585650,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,hjalti82,I really enjoy playing this game. The look and feel of the ship is great and the tension of trying to stay alive in a damaged spacecraft really comes through. The whole mechanic of the game is about throwing dice and deciding what to do with the numbers you get. You will always have several options however and you have to prioritize tasks and work out a strategy to beat the odds. Sometimes you have to make really tough calls on what to sacrifice and what to save and quickly you become so invested in the process that the dice throws keep you on the edge of your seat.
76561198023604273,Recommended,323060,20786723,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,PolishViking,Great game if you are into solitaire board games.It's tight and well engineered.The events are well balanced and any failures can be traced to previous mistakes.Highly recommended for the target audience.
,Recommended,323060,23443065,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Reliant39,"17 losses and zero wins. This game hates me. The feeling is mutual.At the same time, it does keep drawing me in. The interface and design are great: clean and crisp. Music is good: suitably sci-fi inspired stuff. Rolling the dice -- the evil, evil dice -- feels perfect, like throwing some real bones across the table. I want to play this game. I do, despite losing... Every. Single. Time.Eventually, I'll win a match. Surely, it's just a matter of grokking the rules so fully that play becomes intuitive?I live in hope.Update 25 September: with the introduction of Easy mode, I've finally managed to win my first game (after a few tries, naturally). This first victory has given me a good idea of what to pay attention to and what works and what doesn't. Thanks, developers!"
,Recommended,323060,20548984,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,SwissArmyKnife,"It's best to come into this game with the expectation that you may do poorly in the first three games because you won't have the strategy or knowledge to push through the late week events. Personally, I ran four games before I found the magic and won my first one. Then I focused on ""bad"" strategies (like eating the entire crew) and managed to squeeze out a single win through another eight games.Pros:Multiple options to take on challenges (Research, Character/Ship skills, Direct Dice rolls)Varying difficulty in events (Easy, Normal, Hard - all randomized)Additional updates are still being made to the game (Missions, Unlimited mode)Developers are active (how sad/rare is it that this is a pro?) in the Steam forumsCannibalismTies into the same universe as Laserlife (another game by the same dev)Positive/negative events between turnsAdditional character unlocks through gameplayCons:Stress can be tough to manage early onLive and die by the dice rollInjury and void rolls will drive you nutsHard events will make you pull your hair out (32 dice with 3 void on a -3 Ship)"
76561198082594379,Recommended,323060,32985698,Posted: 29 June,all,setacourse_engage,"Positives+Dice in Space!+Good short game to wind down after work.+It's a luck and puzzle game. Sets are sufficiently randomised for great replay value.+A lot more variety and a cut above classic Backgammon in puzzle complexity. If you don't find solving a chain of puzzles rewarding in itself, then you won't rack up as many hours on this as me.+'Choose a sidequest' breaks up the sets nicely, I feel. Also adds some amusing dialogue to balance the mood.+Tis' a pretty game. 3D dice and blood splatter. Intricate rooms in space. The art is very pretty.+The cut scene videos ARE skippable (if you hit space bar once they've loaded).Negatives-The cut scenes and cut scene ending won't keep you here. After the first few plays, it's BYO congratulatory buzz.-Not enough variants on the cut scene ending to match the gameplay. There's opportunity for a lesson here but it's not taken up. Low stress levels = cannibalism = irrelevant to ending.-Half hour game interrupted by many cut scenes.Dev suggestionIf the cut scenes were pulled out and placed in another menu option as a special feature, that would keep the story valuable and unique rather than skipped over as a momentary inconvenient rerun after the second playthrough.Basically=A medium sized child could play this... if it wasn't wrapped in a dark, morose, futility-of-existence type sentiment, that is. If you don't want your kid debating cannibalism with you at the dinner table, you'd better skip this mission and just get them a Backgammon set.GG.2001 Dice Odyssey. Do not expect survivors."
76561197989758770,Not Recommended,323060,29132325,Posted: 8 January,all,Stib,"I want to like this game. The music is good, the graphics are good, the theme is well done, the story is interesting, and the mechinics are interesting. BUTThe dice mechanics are Very frustrating. You can do your best to make good decisions but one bad die and it's game over. Randomness plays MUCH too big of a roll in this game. Maybe I will learn, but to me it's a crap shoot and that's not fun."
76561198035647584,Not Recommended,323060,20497607,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,sanddome40,"Tharsis is reminiscent of a board game with it's slow pacing, simple game mechanics, and it's love of dice. The game isn't difficult to run, it's fairly straight forward with how it's game place works, and has an excellent polish and atmosphere to it in regards to graphics and music. Yet despite all that Tharsis is a difficult game to enjoy due to it's unfair pure RNG based mechanics. Your success and failure is literally determined by the roll of the dice and no amount of smart decision making or preparation will save you from a bad roll.This isn't FLT, not by a long shot, as unlike FTL or any proper roguelike skill has little to no baring on your success in Tharsis. It's because of this that I don't recommend Tharsis to most people as the only way you'll win is through the luck of the draw or sheer painful repetition.However if you're a board game buff or someone who absolutely needs a game that will throw them face first down a flight of stairs at the slightest provocation then you should look into this game and decide whether or not it's worth paying 15 dollars for a kick to the teeth."
76561198004125607,Recommended,323060,20787375,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,OldB,"First of all, my English isn't good, and It is the first time I write a comment on a steam game.Sorry if it is a bit hard for you to read or understand.Please, If you disagree please post a reply why instead of down voting only.Let's start with my playthough for this game, I am currently at 14 hours play time, got all achievements. Beat normal only, didn't try hard yet, win/lost ratio is 20%, it is low because I farm meat for an achivement. If I play normally I guess it would be about 50%. My Current high score is 1773.The game itself is not heavily luck based.Some people said it is all about luck, even some game rating websites give it a low score because they THINK it is heavily luck based.In my opinion, I think it requre more game knowledge/thinking than pure luck. I have watched some youtube videos before I buy the game, I knew the basics and some little tricks, Then I play the first round I lost at 3 weeks left, secound and third try I won, One with 3 people left, another one without cannibals. Of course in these 3 tries, I maybe lucky at some point, but I do skip some low priority events early to farm dice/food/ship hp/cards , it added up for dealing with bad rolls later on.It surely involved some luck. Sometime it might screw you up, Sometimes lots of low dices, but even with those low value dice, sometimes it can help you out. For example, use the low dices on research, re-roll research, double 1s or 2s on ship reapair/food, 1 for 2 extra dices for next turn in life support, etc. Rolling low doesn't mean bad all the time. It is all about how to use it as you advantage.Randomness (luck) is a fun element in most of the games. Do you want an ARPG with no luck element? do you want a card game every one get same cards? I guess most people say NO to this.I think the developers did a good job on this game, using dice based (luck) on a game, but you can usually get around it (skills/knowledge) to make progress.Last but not least, I do recomment this game, if you want some challenges. The learning curve is not bad, just some youtube videos or play a few games will get you on the rail.Edited: some typo, a bit more info"
76561198007564848,Not Recommended,323060,20512952,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Peri,"Really not much of a game, to be honest, as it's not balanced around the players or even being fun.  After seven quick attempts I couldn't get past round 3 for what feels to be nothing more than lazy coding and poor design.It would have taken them next to no effort or thought to have gone through and balanced what the game throws at you so they're at least within the world of possibility.In summary, bad design, poor implementation, unrewarding.  Don't waste your money in its current form."
76561198044873014,Recommended,323060,20540029,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,VietyV,"It's a dice game from hell. I mean holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game brutal.It's essentially just a dice game, there's nothing about it that couldn't be done on tabletop.You're on a ship that is falling apart (significantly)faster than you can repair it and you have to juggle your crew members and limited dice pool in order to fix up the ship as well as replenish the dice so that you can still act in later turns.https://youtu.be/UVMwBBBmnYUIf I had a main complaint about this game, it is that it feels like playing a board game the first time around. There is a lot of text thrown at you right away and everything just feels super overwhelming. Even with the fact that it is a videogame making it more automated I still felt very  confused the first run and the tutorial was more of a basic crash course (no pun intended). But, much like a board game, after playing it once or twice you just kind of get the hang of it.Another thing to note is that (as far as I know of, during time of writing) the entire game is based around one scenario right now. They feed you bits of story as you survive each day but once you've seen that day's story there's no point to watching it again. Different storylines would definitely help a little in replayability (there's gonna be a lot since it's gonna take a lot of plays to beat anyway), hell maybe improve the side-projects system to maybe branch the story out a little?Graphics: The game supports 1527p and during the 7 or so missions played I didn't notice any major frame drops.Looks-wise it is pretty decent, nothing amazing but it does the job well.Sound: The sound effects are pretty good, parts of the game are quite quiet and ambient which is alright considering it's a space game but sometimes when you're fixing things up there's a faster track that runs which kind of feels out of place to me but that's just me.Gameplay: It's a dice game. The basic idea is events occur all over your ship and you have to juggle your crew members to go fix them. All crew members have their own dice pool which goes down by 1 every time you use them. These dice can be replenished via food, science, ship functions, or crew member abilities all of which require you to invest the much needed dice. When you are unable to complete these events you will suffer the displayed consequence at the end of each turn until you do complete them, these consequences will either damage your rather fragile hull or directly hurt your crew members. There are other mechanics such as certain numbers being randomly selected as critical failure rolls where if you roll said number you will activate an effect such as the dice being locked to that result, the character suffering an injury, or the dice just being pulled straight into a void.There are a couple more mechanics to utilize but at the end of the day, even with amazing management, this is a dice game. RNG will still play quite a major role, you can mitigate some of the luck reliance in early game but later the events occur in such large numbers and require such large total dice rolls that relying on luck may be your only option.Overall: Would recommend this game for anybody who enjoys dice games or resource management games... if they are also a bit self loathing. This game is insanely brutal and the fact that you aren't entirely in control makes it even worse, I feel less stressed playing Dark Souls and I am fairly bad at fighting games."
,Not Recommended,323060,20491276,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,cura666,"Interesting game, but waaaay too random."
76561198056103242,Not Recommended,323060,20491460,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,odwander,No good at all.  It's all just a matter of trying to distribute your dice rolls to keep your crew and ship semi-intact.  Takes insane luck to get far in it.  I'd give it about a 2 out of 10.  Don't waste money on it.
,Not Recommended,323060,20592956,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Xipper,"Everything about this game is good with one exception; the dice.Either I have had the worst luck with the RNG dice gods, or the game is designed to favor lower dice rolls.Either way, I'll probably continue to get all the crew unlocked but I would recommend others on the fence about buying the game to buy something else like FTL or something similar."
76561198118982848,Not Recommended,323060,20592910,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,FenrisWolf90,"This game is fun, and the concept it great, the issue is how hard it is. Its almost like you have zero chance. The crew starts off in bad shape and you have no time to just help them out while repairing all ten new modules every turn. SImple fix, increase the time to mars, and give us a turn or two without taking damage randomly inbetween. I understand the history you are trying to immitate, but even those stranded at sea had a breather at the beginning and a few times throughout. Also who the hell in Nasa would just set a course straight into an area known for micro meteors. Even if it happened, why wouldnt the crew steer the ship a few degrees in either direction to get out of the micro meteors path? Hence the breather I am speaking of."
,Not Recommended,323060,20575949,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,INSANIAC,"After 1.5 hours of playing I have yet to enjoy playing this game, after a few weeks pass in gametime the game often throws things at you which simply can't be done. This is not enjoyable, nor would I even class it as playable as some if not most scenarios result in a no win situation. I don't mean that the RNG dice element will screw you making something unbeatable, I mean the events you are given are simply impossible to complete in some circumstances. When I reached these points I asked what's the point of playing something that can't be beat? The answer is there isn't a point, and now I'm awaiting a refund."
,Not Recommended,323060,20582023,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kerma,"I don't dislike the game because it's too hard, I actually think the challenge is ""fair"" when it comes to board game sadism with things like galaxy truckers and other board games where you play expecting to lose. What I do dislike about the game is how thin it is. I've only played a short time (longer than my steam time but still short) and I feel like I have 100% gotten what this game has to offer. I was expecting a more random and explorative experience but instead I got a campaign I play over and over except the thing that is causing my ship 2 damage per turn is in a different sector than last time and the rolls are different. Maybe if this game gets expanded upon and reworked I will rebuy it, but for now I'm probably going to request a refund."
76561198010354666,Not Recommended,323060,20529281,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ereaper,"This game has a really cool concept with a really neat story to it. I just wish I could see more of the story to tell you about. The idea here is that you're a crew of astronauts on their way to mars, your ship is hit by some space junk and all hell breaks lose. Not bad so far.You know enter into a resource/ event planning game mode, where your roll dice to solve issues like the food room being on fire, or the engine room being broke. If you don't fix one of these events something bad happens to your crew. Be it losing hit points, sanity, dice, or the ship taking a hit. If you ship complete breaks you lose and if all your crew dies you lose.Now with that out of the way let's look at what I liked and didn't like about this game.Pros:For the first couple rounds I had fun in this game. I know it was a hard RNG based game, that would require some planning to get through. My first 10 or so games went pretty bad with me only getting as far as turn 3. Soon though I start to understand how to manage the events and my resources better and i got as far as turn 6. Even though i was losing every game I played I had a plan. I was sure that the 4-5 other lock characters that you can unlock in the game would increase my chance to win. I was ok, i get it. The Devs added a way for people who can't figure out this game really fast a way to grind through objectives to unlock more characters, thus meaning a better chance to win. Neat!Cons:Here's the thing though that's not what those characters are. They do not simply become part of your crew as i thought, but instead replace someone on your crew. This means you are always locked at having only 4 characters. This topped with the now 20+ loses i have had in the game with little progress has really turned my opinion of the game around.I felt completely helpless to the point of not enjoying this game anymore. I could understand if the mode i was playing on was hard or something, but i was on normal. On normal and getting to the point of wondering if this game is worth the frustration. So i looked through the discussion page to see what others are planning and talking about. I got a few ideas from people but nothing different from what i had already figured out on my own. The one thing that really struck out to me though was the conversation the Devs were having there. Which pretty much went like this, ""there is nothing wrong with the game, we want it to be frustratingly hard, and we do not have any plans to change that."". While I respect a Dev for sticking to their vision of their work, I can't find the ability to complete this game. Making it a must return for me and not play again. In fact I will most likely avoid this Devs in the future cause i now know what kind of games they like to make and they aren't for me. I am not the target audience. I am by no means a casual gamer but when my fun time becomes more stressful than my job or relations in the real world, then it is to much.In the end, if you like extreme (and i can't state that enough extreme) challenges get this game. It looks like a lot of fun from all the videos i watched and my first playthrough was fun, but it claws at you over time. If you're a braver person than me this is the game for you otherwise I would skip this and get something else."
,Not Recommended,323060,20500277,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Freezin_Cracka,"I wanted to love this game, I really did.It consantly crashed, and for the 40 minutes I played it, I was sick of the same cut scenes, already. I'll revisit once they do some patching or something."
,Not Recommended,323060,28863853,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ambassador Pineapple,"I regulary play many games in real life that involve dice rolling scenarios in games such as DnD and warhammer 40,000.This game is not like that.  Every turn 2 or more complications arise on the ship that sometimes require a combined roll of THIRTY or more to fix.  In each game you start with all of your crew members with only 2-3 dice and usually 2-3 health out of 6.  I stopped playing when my med bay broke and it would wound a crew member on a role of 4, 5, or 6, the module would deal 3 damage to my ship this turn if it wasn't fixed, and it required a combined roll of 25 to fix.  THIS IS ALL ON NORMAL! This game was not made to be possible.  I had managed to play 15 sessions and every one of which has played out the way I have described.To my knowledge there is ABSOLUTELY NO WAY to prevent a massive amount of malfunctions on the ship from occuring each turn.  This game tried to make itself difficult like FTL was and instead just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and not in a good way.Simplistic rolling with many different ways to hamper your ability to re-roll dice seriously hamstrings and possibility of fun.  A malfunction can roll three different types of debuffs for your dice: stasis, void, and injury.Stasis: You can't re-roll a die that matches the number that the malfunction rolled.  This one is not the problem with this game.Void: Any rolls matching the number that the malfunction rolls will be discarded and you are not allowed to re-roll or save those dice in any way.Injury:  Any rolls matching the number the malfunction rolls will injury the crew member rolling the dice, dealing 1 damage.  (As I stated before whenever you start, almost all of your crew members will only have 2-3 health out of 6)The problem is that you can get high combined roll malfunctions with void, stasis, and injury that damage your ship by two at ANY point in the game.  AND THERE COULD BE THREE OF THEM!  The game was not made to be possible.  End of story."
,Not Recommended,323060,20512934,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Cartof,"This is a kindof of a niche game. Graphics are okay, music and sound fx are ok but the price is too high.At the current state this game does not worth more than 7-8 EURO!Also.. THIS GAME CHEATS. THE DICE ROLL IS 90% of the time BAD ! I played for few good hours this night and i am pretty sure THIS GAME CHEATS !I guess its all coming down to the A.I. which is very BAD. The programmers of this little ""board game"" are BAD. Those that made this game are BAD in the sense that they are EVIL !Do not forget this game CHEATS ! Roll dices are almost always BAD !Also how the funk can i get 12 damage points in one turn??? How am i suppose to recover from that?This game CHEATS !Events with 27 or more points to solve? Are you guys (damn programmers) serious ? Fix this piece ofreally really really BAD CHEATING game !My advice for the people reading this is to avoid this game for a time until they FIX the goddam game.Also it is running like crap on a i5 2.5 Ghz iMac. Very slow interface, very sloppy work.Programmers should be ashamed for the AI of this game.."
76561198137069878,Recommended,323060,20587279,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Neomarre,"Warmly recommending the game to anyone who likes dice rolling and/or survival type games as well as making alot of tactical decissions. Not recomending it to people who are looking for alot of gameplay per money spent. Its nice but pretty short.Pros:Simple mechanics with plenty of depth.Very strategic with alot of interesting tools at disposal.NIce atmoshpere, music, voice acting and story.Nice pick for a quick game session between doing some other stuff.Cons:Very short. Expect to finish a sucessfull run in 30 minutes or so.Once you figure out how to play, hard mode is not chalenging enough.Did not really notice any difference from normal dificulty.Fast tip:You can safely ignore people who do not recommend this game on acount of it being to hard. it is not. Won my first 4 games, its pretty hard to lose if you use your skils properly. Focus on maxing dice on start and if you survive first 2-3 turns it should be gentle road from that point onwards."
76561198087979151,Recommended,323060,20586598,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Smile <30,"Its a hard and fun game , you play with dices to progress in the game.If you dont have patience this game is not for you , i must say that you need to be very carfuly and smart using your dices in the game.the sound track its great (9/10).Its a hard strategy game but once you understand the game , can be very addictive."
76561198046416310,Not Recommended,323060,20487969,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dukasho,"Game is 90% luck.   10% strategy.If that's your thing you might enjoy this.Personally, I would recommend avoiding this at all cost.The balance between chance & your ability to address ship issues is horrible.Unfortunately my desire to want to like this game has caused me to play it too long to get a refund :("
,Recommended,323060,20499573,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Matt,"Tharsis is a digital board game; there are no mechanics here that could not easily be recreated in cardboard. In table-top terms, Tharsis is a cooperative, dice-drafting, worker placement game with player elimination. Like all cooperative games it can be soloed by having one player play all roles, and Tharsis the videogame does not provide any other option, though it's easy to imagine multiplayer coop being possible. Dice-drafting worker placement is experiencing a surge in table-top gaming recently: Marco Polo and Grand Austria Hotel are popular new games that use this mechanic.Tharsis's unique mechanics are 1) it is cooperative and 2) you do worker placement (by choosing a module to deploy your character in), and then draft your dice within that module. Cooperative worker placement has been done before with, for example, Robinson Crusoe.  And module-based worker placement is being done in, say, Tiny Epic Western, which is currently being Kickstarted. But combining those mechanics with dice drafting provides a pretty unique boardgaming experience. Events and research opportunities are randomized, as are the dice obviously, which provides plenty of replayability.  The game is challenging to win, but would be boring if it wasn't.I'm thoroughly enjoying my time with the game. It's got macabre humor, solid mechanics, good presentation, replayability, and a sizable challenge. I recommend it for fans of thematic Ameritrash board games, but even more for Euro-game nerds who like a dose of randomness in their strategy."
,Recommended,323060,20950034,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,holdmykidney,"I do recommend this game, but it's clearly not for everyone. I love board games and particularly co-operative and player-versus-environment boardgame. Tharsis brilliantly translate the mechanics of a solo board game into digital format and does so with a highly original storyline, tone and execution.Luck does play a factor, but not as high as some might believe. Prioritising high-value dice, acquiring assists, careful planning of turn and placement order and making sure no die is wasted are all ways to win the day with Tharsis.All in all this is a fantastic solo challenge and a great slice of horror sci-fi. Yahtzee with crew sacrifice."
76561198038078136,Not Recommended,323060,20497026,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Mr. White,"I'm going to not recommend this game because of one simple reason:Though it looks nice and well rounded, there are a lot of lazy shortcuts that you will quickly discover. You will be given no-win situations, which is fine, but when a majority of games end because there was nothing to be done about it, it kinda makes me feel like the only reason to keep playing is to hope you get lucky next time. Unlike a lot of very difficult games, Tharsis probably won't get much easier over time for most people because almost none of your failures are your fault. Saying it is difficult is not quite correct, it is either impossible or it isn't. It isn't very much fun to keep slaving over a hot keyboard waiting for the RNG to not screw you over."
76561197968113303,Not Recommended,323060,20600652,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Top500k,"This Game is literaly the Kobayashi Maru of steam. If you have played FTL and enjoyed the challenge than you will hate this gmae becuase it is ten times harder and doesnt even give you the feeling of accomplishing anything. It just punishes you for playing. The worst part was I played to unlock the other crew members thinking maybe thier bonuses will give me an edge and allow me to beet the game just once out of the dozens of plays, but no all thier bonuses sucked worse than the crew you start with. If anything this game left me frustrated and unsatisfied. At least in other bruitally hard games you can make the right choices or use skill to overcome the dificulty but in this no matter if you make all the right choices the game will crush you so hard. Save your $10 and play something else becuase you will only get a few hours at most and toss this game wayside for a real game I assure you."
76561198121955630,Recommended,323060,20563942,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,doom87er,"if you like a game thats unforgiving and are okay with many, many failures on your pass to success. Then this is a really good game, yes a huge part of this game is down to chance. But, if you play smart you can mitigate the randomness and finding these stratiges, atleast for me, is alot of fun."
76561198106981742,Recommended,323060,20911199,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,fergus.jack,"This game is great!Its a risk managment game where you have to play the odds in a life or death situation. Its not hard, so much as its just cruel. As such, death can be arbitrarily due to bad rolls of the dice. Normally this woyuld be a bad thing. But because the game is actually quite quick to play,you can jump into a new game quickly and not feel like you've wasted your time.Fun times! Love the setting, and I find myself playing it every once and a while quickly. An excellent background game to play during idle moments."
,Recommended,323060,20889606,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Al Fulcher,"Cruel, punishing, mouse smashingly stressful. The most evil RNG I have ever encountered. But yet somehow addictive in that ""just one more try, maybe this time the dice will roll for me"" way. Expect a 2% success rate but a 100% retry rate."
,Recommended,323060,27367775,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wiidad,"I have never liked dice games much prior to this one. They usually end up being so random that your choices become meaningless so they are often pointless to play. Not this one. It is so very well balanced between dfficult decisions and dice odds that I have lost only twice by luck and 12 times by poor decisions. I have also won about 10 times in the meantime. The Dice become this awe inspiring risk device that keeps you on the edge of your seat every moment of the game. It is quite brilliant by design!I do wish this game had more to it. Such as a campaign, possibly an editor. After winning a nearly dozen times, even the endings lose their luster. I would certainly highly recommend this game during this 83% sale. I am hoping to soon see some DLC for it that opens the game up a bit into a longer more varied experience."
,Recommended,323060,20615524,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Fight Milk,"Great game but very punishing RNG. Not for little girly men who can't take losing.Took me 20 tries to win and I was cursing those little astronaut ♥♥♥♥♥es. Finally my mighty crew of Alopecia, GraceJones, Asianpecia and Mexican made it to Mars.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/367408356184307799/14D62ED1D70889624FAA63EB87C617155F93CFAD/"
,Recommended,323060,24282661,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Coco Jack,"I adore it! I think it's a really good game.It is quite challenging, but I came to appreciate it. By now I even continuously randomise my crew. You will fail often! After a while you get the hang of it. Still, there will be plenty of missions where everything seems to be going just fine and then within 1-2 moves you will see your ship destroyed and your crew annihilated. Sometimes it’s just a game of luck, but you can find strategies that narrow down the probabilities.Pros:- Great graphics!- Well thought out gameplay- Nice character skills- Great story- The factor of randomness- Space survival themeCons:- It’s tough!! It will depress you sometimes ;)Tharsis is a great example of how to get a lot of game out of a little but very good idea."
,Recommended,323060,24634477,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,blueb0g,"Reviewers were too harsh on this game - yes, it's hard; punishing, even. But that makes victory all the sweeter, and victory is certainly possible. Also, with the addition of the missions/scenarios, there are some easier game-modes for newbies who feel the main game is unfairly difficult.The game is hard, but it's much more managable when you realise that what you have to do is not necessarily to fix everything, but to mitigate the damage as best you can, while keeping your margins thick enough to deal with new problems, which will occur. There is of course a large element of chance but good manegement can mostly neautralise bad rolls... but not always, and that's fine, because space is difficult - not every emergency is solvable!The game looks great, sounds great, and the mechanics are very neat. There's a lot of depth here because each character and each room has its own ability. With the addition of the damamge events, the player actually has a lot of coice re. what they are to do next. And of course there is no one path to victory.If you like roguelikes, FTL, and space in general - and don't mind a challenge - then go for this game."
,Recommended,323060,27084726,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hépatite,"This game is amazing.I have so many thing to do, so many part to repear but no enough time.This game is very hard when you start-it for the first time, but that make it awesome.The story is, maybe short, but unbelivably fantastic and have to be re-done again and again to try something else.I recommend this game."
76561198067589042,Recommended,323060,32704969,Posted: 23 June,all,[Llama].Rolap,"tldr:- If you like FTL, Renowned explorers (RE) or solo quick board games- AND you are willing to count the odds / like optimisation tasks- AND accept that output is ""dice"" dependant- AND game is on steam for 5Egive it a try, otherwise better avoid it.Long version:For me it is quite enjoyable - I like ""optimization tasks"", but this game is not for everybody.Game is not forgiving and sometimes you just get unlucky, but if you manage the risk, it is winnable (definitely on normal).There is no noticeable story and the replayability could be an issue for many players.FTL and RE are more enjoyable to play, but Tharsis is much quicker and straightforward, so it could be good choice for quick relax. (You may argue. that they are completely different games, but I like them too, and I put them into the same category.)Pros- Audio, Graphic.- Rules are easy.- Counting odds+prediction+optimization => winCons- Story (ending).- Replayability (questionable)- Limited choice of crew members / strategy- Straightforward (=not many surprises, it is just like optimisation tasks)"
76561198093922658,Recommended,323060,31958003,Posted: 25 May,all,Samoons,"tldr? This is a turn-based dice-rolling strategy game. It's not easy and you have to spend time at it.Tharsis is a about a ragtag crew going to Mars. They run into trouble as their ship is constantly taking damage throughout the journey. It seems anything that can go wrong for this crew will go wrong. The game is played out through turns. Each turn the ship will be damaged and you have to figure out which crew memeber to send where, and what priority things need to be done -- the catch? The amount of work each crew member can do for you is determined by die rolls. The story/plot for the game is slowly revealed in cut scenes after each turn -- and multiple playthroughs.I really enjoyed this game, and as most of the reviews will tell you this game is not easy and is somewhat based on luck! However, something you might notice about negative reviews is they didn't play the game for a substantial amount of time. If you want to do well in this game you need to figure out stratigies to counteract the dice rolls! That means spending more than a few tries... if you're not willing to be a little frustrated and learn from your mistakes -- this game is not for you!For the replay value of this game...it really depends on the player. I first set out to simply master normal mode, then I worked on trying to complete hard mode, and after than I had some fun doing the random challenges. For me this was enough to rack up a decent amount of play time for the cost I paid, (I bought it during a sale). However, for the normal price-tag I think it's a bit lacking.Would I recommend it? Yes -- but only to people who are interested in a RNG strategy game! More than likely you will have to restart the game more than a few times to make it to the end, so be ready! Also if you're willing to wait, I would recommend picking it up on sale!"
,Recommended,323060,28661482,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Vodu,"Dice game where you have do make very difficult choices to survive. You cannot resolve every single issue. As the game suggests: first work your way to survive this turn, then work backwards to see how you can survive better. Strategy very important here.Tips:Pay attention to character abilities and module abilities. be carefull where you send each crew and the order you send themDo not use your dices straight away. save the ones you like, reroll the others and only after you do not have any rerolls left you should use them.Do not focus on fixing everything in one turn. Taking care of food and stress is just as important as preventing damage to character and the hull."
,Recommended,323060,21055883,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,FMK,"A really cool game. Every play trough is unique and challenging, a rare thing in this era and age.Some tips for new players:-Dice is life: Prioritize dice gain researches, modules and class ability-Learn and use the modules abilities, they help you out a lot in the long run-Don't suicide your crew, try to get some assists before you go tryng to repair a three hazards module-Avoid doing re rolls on modules with a high number of hazards-Don't be afraid to take a punch once in a while, the Iktomi can soak some damage and so do your crew members-If you don't succeed don't get frustrated. This game it's All about the Journey, Not the DestinationI Hope this help you out on your trips to Mars. Bon voyage!"
,Recommended,323060,21068406,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Frankda4,"Love the game.  Very difficult very brutal, but I also loved BattleStar Galicia for its brutal lack of survival of the human race.  In any case.  I recommend it if you thought FTL on hard was too ez and really need to be more brutal.  The game will punish even if you made the most optimal choices possible (which you most likely did not).There are crashes, but you know they are wroking on it and fixing it.Any ways support the devs, if this sounds appealing to you."
,Recommended,323060,21041613,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Cyril,"Fun, entertaining, and infuriating.  If you are looking for a game that pats you on the back and say nice try look elsewhere.Game play is quick but the slightest bit of bad luck can take you from looking like you might finally win to destroying you in a single stroke.If I was in a room with the development team it would be a coin flip if I wanted to shake their hand or punch them, probably depends on how long had been playing at that point."
,Recommended,323060,21116446,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,key,"Overall I quite liked this game.  It is well polished and has a lot of replayability, the soundtrack is good, the art direction is nice.  At first I had trouble with the difficulty, and believed the game to be too reliant on random dice rolls.  Over time, I have found that there is definitely a strategic approach to handling that aspect of the game, and have managed to win 3 or 4 games in a row.  4/5"
76561198051758120,Recommended,323060,20563739,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,M3RR1CK,"I luv dice games; Kings of Tokyo, Quantum, Alien Frontiers all excellent dice/board games.  If you luv these games you will like Tharsis.Making a real choice in dice games is the tricky thing to build into RNG (Random Number Generator) systems. I mean, if you roll a 6 and a 3 why would you ever choose the 3?  If there is never a reason, (no, reason is the wrong word, strategy is better) to choose a 3 then there is no real choice at all, just you sorting through numbers being spat at you by the RNG. One way this could be addressed in Tharsis is in the 'assist' system.  You are given a limited number of these things called 'assists' that stop bad things happening to you - Great - but the system applies these assists no matter if you want it to or not.  It does it strictly by the book of logic in a way that often does not help, it is wasteful of this limited resource, and removes an element of choice.  'Do I want my assists to  save my guy from suffering damage while on this space walk to fix the oxygen leak, or do I need to save those assists for the fire that just brorke out in med bay?' Right there is a choice, and choice is the hardest thing to include in a RNG game.Other then this minor grump I think this game is a little gem. Takes maybe twenty minutes to play a mission, and you will have completed the mission to Mars successfully after maybe ten run throughs.  Now I know the game I win maybe 1:4 of the time. It has characters to unlock and cool multiple endings.  Recomended. Two shooting stars (thumbs) up... oh wait, one of those shooting stars was my lander modual burning up :("
,Recommended,323060,20634447,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,n37runn3r,"If you play dice games, you'll know the dice don't care, especially when you really need that extra pip. So agonizing."
,Recommended,323060,20548019,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lonely Portrait,This game is absolutly amazing! Yes It's near impossible to win and yes it's even got a hard mode on top of normal already being impossible by round 4.   But the game has an awesome consept!
76561198022209208,Recommended,323060,20580433,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,allocater,"Don't be scared about the ""brutal difficulty"" and ""frustrating losses"".The gameplay is addicting, whether you win or lose at the end.The choices are strategic, meaningful and tough, whether you win or lose at the end.The situations are interesting puzzles to solve optimally, whether you win or lose at the end.FTL made me mad, this game didn't. Maybe because it is more turn-based. There are no sudden losses, because you did react to slow. For every loss you can already see the risk and writing on the wall, you need to do one last futile or Hail-Mary action before dying and by that time I already accepted my fade. All losses still left me with a zen-like smile and acceptance. Also even the losses give you progress towards the unlocks.If you can play the game without the need to win, (It helps if you already have won previous runs) just to enjoy the ride, in the sense of it's the journey and not the destination, you will like it."
76561197962318901,Recommended,323060,25466913,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[BaMF] r0b0t c0rpse,"A lot of people will complain about the difficulty, let them complain while clutching their participation trophies and crying in a dark corner of their closet after Tharsis destroyed their ego. This game does not hold your hand nor does it give you a pat on the back each time you click the mouse. It isn't a lazy Saturday at the beach, it's a full marathon through the seventh circle of hell, not unlike a crippled spacecraft hurtling through interplanetary space... But the euphoria and elation from completing this game through cleverness and skill is second to none. Tharsis appears on the surface to be a simple game, but the depth of the story and strategy are unparalleled by many larger titles. I enjoy a story that isn't a simple trope force fed to us with a Dr. Seuss narrative. A little ambiguity and mystery goes a long way to ignite the imagination. Reading through the negative reviews, it's clear many players view of the game play is very short-sighted. Using the dice directly in repairs isn't the only way to solve an event. They'd like to believe their failure is up to the RNG elements of the game, but it's truly their choices that result in failure. The game is tuned to near perfection. Each start has roughly the same chance for success, but make a series of key bad choices, and you will be put under a pile of events that cannot be overcome. While there is little margin for error, proper thoughtful planning, skill, and a bit of luck, you can put all of your crew on Mars. The harmony of a great Tharsis is like that of an orchestra, carrying you to victory upon the music of the heavens. Buy it. Play it. Get your♥♥♥♥♥to Mars."
,Recommended,323060,24786627,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Hackworth,"Tharsis is challenging, and a certain amount of chance is involved with every run.  But the variety in available strategies keeps the control in your hands.  The amount of tension this game can build for a single die roll is admirable.  And when you fail on your mission to Mars (as you often will), you'll want to jump right back in to try a different approach.  Strategizing with input from others is highly recommended!The new tutorial and addition of an easy mode should make Tharsis more accessible to new players.  And the growing number of challenges in the mission mode add a lot of unique twists on the gameplay.  I encountered a few crashes with the early release bulds, but the newest updates seem very stable.  It saves after every round, anyway, so I never lost much.  Well worth full price, and if you see it on sale, grab it!"
76561198177915158,Recommended,323060,20543192,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,professionalslackers,"While the game relies heavily on luck (it's a dice game, what do you expect), it's more about resource management; it's about taking the scraps that life gives you and finishing your mission. If you're not into dice games or games that rely on luck, it's fair to say this won't be for you, but if you enjoyed FTL and thought ""this needs more cannibalism,"" than Tharsis is for you.Check out our first impressionshere."
,Recommended,323060,20584028,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tadej,"A little difficult at first but I didn't mind -- took me a couple of runs (less than two hours) to finish it.Really liked the suspense, the portrayal of difficult choices and the story."
,Not Recommended,323060,20502412,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Professor Wowa,This Game is nothing but random for the sake of difficulty...https://youtu.be/Cug8BnPi-DQ
76561198019284821,Not Recommended,323060,20582511,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Draca,"i read all the reviews of this game before buying it and i have to completely agree with shaker_Beans review.i enjoy playable games, not impossible no-win scenarios.i will quote ""The fatal flaw in Tharsis is the total lack of balance between potential player success to the imminent damage they are tasked with combating. The ship gains random damage, but the randomness of the damage doesn't seem to have any control limits, so it will quickly overwhelm your ability to fix it""which i can agree to some limit that it's how it is supposed to be.. but after having played a few rounds i realize, even though it might be winnable for the people who really really try hard. it just isn't fun for the rest of us.There needs to be a ""manageable"" level of game difficulty, especially if the entire game is just luck based.On every playthrough i've done it just takes a few turns for pretty much every module to get 15-25 in damage with you only having 1 guy left and then it explodes. the idea is good and it's fun to fail sometimes too, but this is just to a level of being unplayable. hoping to see some improvements further on."
76561198017023541,Not Recommended,323060,20502310,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Herp Derpingson,"TL DR: 99% luck 1% skill; don't buy.1. You have near absolute no influence over the out come of your game.2. Resource management is just an after thought.3. Every game is basically the same, almost nothing vary from session to session.4. Just being difficult for the sake of being difficult."
,Not Recommended,323060,20498436,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Polarax,"Beautiful game, intriuging storyline, but not fun.The game goes in cycles of:1. Disasters happen2. You fix them by rolling diceDo this 10 times and you win. I beat the game once and have no desire to start it up again. There was no sense of accomplishment, beyond watching the cutscenes (which leaves the story with a cliffhanger, no less).The game gives you a feeling of frantically running around fixing fires left and right, one step forward and two steps back - which, granted, is exactly what you're doing. The question is, how fun is that? To me, not fun."
76561198014896292,Not Recommended,323060,20497559,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,mcgahansj,"So I will start off by saying that this is a really cool concept and could be a fun game.  Here is my main issue...it is too hard right off of the jump.  Within 2 turns I lost a crew member.  On the second turn I received two problems that were both needing over 20 points to fix.  Then, because I couldn't get them both fixed (with pretty good dice rolls as well), I lost a crewmember.  Then it gave me more to fix and without being able to get any food, my crew had fewer dice to roll.  I wasn't necessarily expecting to get to the end on the first try, but by turn 5, everyone was dead.  It seems as though you have to have a bunch of luck at the beginning to get anywhere near where you need to be by the middle of the game.  Let me emphasize this, the game should be challenging, but this was way too challenging from the start.  You essentially start the game with a crippled ship and a bunch of crew that are at half-health.  Then you have to get food, heal, destress, fix the modules, and fix the ship, all with a bunch of injured and half-crazy crewmembers.That being said, the concept is great and the mechanics work very well.  There just should be a little more help at the start and smaller problems to allow you to get moving without feeling like you are struggling from turn one.  My suggestion would be to make the problems escalate the further you get in the game, or at least make a difficulty setting so that those who want to struggle from the start can, or those who want to be eased in can start with easy challenges.  When you go in to a module on turn 4 and three of the six options for dice rolls are injury, it kind of defeats the fun of the game."
,Not Recommended,323060,20513099,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,robotnyk,"Graphics are nice, sound and music is acceptable. Gameplay is solid, but the balance is too much in favor of luck at the moment. You have some tactical choices, but most of the time, you can't use them because you're playing catch up with damaged modules. I don't regret spending 10€ on it, but 5 hours and a winning run is enough for me."
76561197971079985,Not Recommended,323060,20500923,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kruztee,"Nice art style, attractive presentation. Brutally difficult. Almost 100% RNG. Frustrating.6/10"
76561198054903559,Recommended,323060,28085426,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,bonaccorsi,"If you are fan of dice games, science fiction and a lot of tension, I strongly recommend this game. It has great design, simple gameplay and excellent tutorial. I really enjoyed to play, congrats to the devs!"
76561198158149244,Recommended,323060,28061834,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,tuckboat,"This is an interesting boardgame about the journey to Mars and navigating through tough situation after tough situation. In short this game works well because each round you will be presented with interesting and multifaceted choices in allocating your limited resources. Those resources being your crew, their die, food (ability to refill die), the hull, and various other items.I liked it a give it a solid recommend but I got it for a great price. To be honest with you I can understand some of the negative feedback b/c the full asking price might be a bit much for the amount of content/polish. The artwork presentation of the game was pretty much just functional and was just good enough not to detract from the overall experience. For 15 bucks I would probably be slightly dissatisfied.....So go and get this game  on sale and it's a good time.6/10 - Good if your into board games and managing risks via dice.IMPORTANT: It's a dice game. So.....expect dice rolls. Randomness. Badbeats. Risk. It's kind of the point.....So...do you find yourself complaining constantly about how RNG screwed you out of a loss or rage out to everyone on the discussion boards explaining why the game is rigged b/c you failed three 70 percent chance rolls in a row? Please steer clear....Do you disagree with the concepts of negative bias and gambler's fallacy? If so you need to jump ship here and stay gone."
76561198060491697,Recommended,323060,25247978,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,sarrowquand,"I really like Tharsis. If you don't want to learn how to play before you play then you will have a very unforgiving start and lose a lot while you figure things out. That's what I did because I knew I'd find it more fun that way. I played it non-stop all evening until I finally managed to get to Mars (10th try).After that I took a break from it for a bit, but this is one of those games you can keep coming back to when you feel like playing something old and familiar. It is turn based so it goes nicely in between chores or whatever else you are doing.You can also eat crew members who fail you. Good times."
76561197987176654,Recommended,323060,33081202,Posted: 1 July,all,BlackLabel,Unforgiving and Charming. Ok price on sale if you dont mind RGN screw up your streak.
76561197991091711,Not Recommended,323060,20591955,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,sirois09,Good idea but terrible realisation
76561197974755000,Not Recommended,323060,20650211,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Zaxwerks,"This is very much a Marmite game, you are either going to love it or ABSOLUTELY HATE IT, and you know what, either view is 100% correct, this game is enjoyable and truly attrocious. I started off hating it SOOOOO much and was within a keypress of uninstalling and getting a refund, but luckily due to the shortness of a game (its saving grace) I stuck with it and it's started to grow on me.So here are two reviews, the first is my original I HATE THIS GAME review, and then the second is my I DON'T HATE THIS GAME (HOWEVER IT COULD BE IMPROVED) review...I HATE THIS GAME REVIEW 1-------------------------------Just because this game is punishingly hard does not make it ""old school"" and also therefore does not automatically make it ""good"". This game is punishing but not in a good way. You are on a knife edge of survivability on every turn, and all it takes is a bad RANDOM dice roll, or a bad RANDOM deal of the research cards, or a bad RANDOM series of turn disasters and you are stuck in a situation where the only option is to quit and restart and there is no way the game mechanics can get you out of the situation, and that's just BAD design in my book, and to be honest I cannot see what the developers could do to resolve the issue. All this talk of ""fate"" is being a game apologist, this game is not balanced correctly. It is stacked to make you lose, but the kicker is that on the rare occasions you do win there is no sense of accomplishment as YOU haven't won, you just got lucky. Untimately you have as much control over your survival in this game as if the game was flipping 4 coins and you win if all 4 are heads, its just that the game takes longer and wraps it in pretty graphics, but untimately your influence on the ultimate outcome is just as minimal.I DON'T HATE THIS GAME (HOWEVER IT COULD BE IMPROVED) REVIEW 2-------------------------------------------------------------------------------You know what, most of the things I said above still apply but one major factor changed, how I approached the game. View the game like a card game of solitare, most of the time you are going to lose and a lot of the time that is due to how the cards were dealt, don't dwell on it, just swear, and restart the game and try again. This game should be viewed as a pleasant little 15 minute time waster, and nothing more, don't look for hidden greatness 'cos it isn't there, what you see if what you get. The more games I played, the more I started to get familiar with the mechanics (yes I don't need to try and stop that event as I can take the two damage this turn, and instead I can use the time I would have wasted to generate food that will give me +3 dice, and also regenerate another crew member's dice in another module so that next turn I am fully equipped to tackle it, and cycle some research cards, I might get some nasty random cards next turn, or I might not, I'll play it by ear), and realised that whilst the game is still 60% random, the other 40% strategy you have gives you just enough wiggle room to potentially tip things in your favour. You can still get totally obliterated by a set of unlucky dice rolls and random events, I've has crew members die from 4 health in one die roll in 3 different game (if you lose a crew member then just restart, no point in going on, don't make yourself suffer unduly) but the times that you do influence events it does give you a good feeling.The narration is very well acted, but it become old and very repetative after just a couple of playthroughs, it would be nice to have multiple little 10 segment stories that changed completely every time you  won a game. In addition it might be helpful for people that would otherwise hate the game to have a set of ""strike"" cards that you could use to totally cancel an event, and you could set how many of these cards you got (maybe 1-3) at the start of the game, so you could play enough to understand all the mechanics of the game at your own pace, and slowly wean yourself off by reducing the number of strike cards you got deal until you were finally in a better mental position to have the full punishing Tharsis experience. Finally they need to sort out how they generate the random events as I don't believe they are properly balanced, far too often you can get events with 26+ costs that also include 3 dice of injury or void even on normal difficulty and it's nearly impossible to survive multiple occurances like that, there is a difference between being hard and being unfair."
,Recommended,323060,20589800,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,vegard,"The game is pretty brutal and is a touch over dependent on randomness. You'll quite often die through no fault of your own because the game generated some obstacle that was simply too large to overcome. After 10 attempts and 3 hours or so of gameplay I managed to complete it on normal, with a bit of luck and by choosing very carefully which characters did what job in order to succeed.Overall the game is really fun though and has you at the edge of your seat hoping the dice will keep your crew from turning into food for the others.7/10 Would sacrifice ship integrity for food again."
76561198065498812,Recommended,323060,20613688,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,joe.ewins,"This game is excellent.Many people will not enjoy it but that is thier failure not the games.I have played this game 4 times now and been met with spectacular failure on every occasion. a few moments ago, my medic rolled 5 dice to fix the engine room and blew himself up, causing a chain reaction of misery that killed the rest of the crew. This has not in anyway dampaned my enjoyment of the game. I came here looking for a co-op board game like pandemic or Ghost Stories, games which it is impossible to win every time even if you finess everything, if you happen to pull the wrong card or roll the wrong dice you are out.If you treat it like one of those games, maybe invite a mate around and discuss which is the least awful thing to do first over a beer, then you will have a good time.If you wanted a pussle which you can learn to beat every time then you will hate this game, but please dont leave a negative review because the game is great.9/10"
76561197991274377,Not Recommended,323060,20610914,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Zanamatto,"Hello,I played this game for like...13-15 times in a row to try and understand what i could do better to maintain the people alive.Well i couldn't because there's always attacks each round and i couldn't even pass round 6 or 7 because or it would be by people getting killed or ship destroyed ( the second one happened like 80% of the games).I don't mind hard game since they are balanced, but this one (jesus) ain't balanced at aaaallllllll!!!!!! and it even has a hard mode.(can you believe that?)The game like it is i won't recommend people to buy nor if is with discount, because you'r gonna get tired of it preeeetty fast.2 of 5"
76561197970992134,Not Recommended,323060,20612259,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Bubbles,"I wanted to like this game, I really did but the odds are so stacked against you that it's not funny. I played well over 50 games and never got more than 3/4 of the way to mars. There's just no way to get a break. I didn't listen to the reviews. I should have. Hopefully you will not do the same mystake I did."
,Not Recommended,323060,20569835,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Democritus,Wow. Seemingly impossible.  Maybe I am just doing it wrong.Maybe they did it wrong.
76561198009056087,Not Recommended,323060,20577827,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The_Winglord,"This can be a fun game, it definitely is difficult, and in the time I have played I had many games fail and one win. You do have to have a certain degree of luck to win, but you also need to get to know the game, and how to keep your crew going at peak efficiency. That being said the game is insanely short, if you watch all of the cut scenes you will probably spend more time doing that than playing your average game,I would say the largest issue with the game that I have had is that in the end it is a rather simple ( feel free to argue that, but at the end of the day it is a roll the dice, and get the target number game... though with some other 'features' added ).My advice? Give the game a try, I think the developer will add to it, and it is a solid 20 minute time kill at a time... BUT buy it when it is on sale for +50% off.... I can think of no reason why this game was believer to have 15 dollars a pop development put into it."
,Not Recommended,323060,20570302,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Evil Tom,"So far I've played only 2 hours of this, but am yet to win.It's starting to get frustrating. I can't recommend this game as you don't even get near the end before getting killed. Sometimes you die on the second turn out of 10!Madness. Don't bother."
,Not Recommended,323060,20582420,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,buttpiss,"I wish I could like this game. It really is rather tragic that it is so unbelievably difficult, like WAY beyond hard; and there's too much chance involved to have it this difficult.It's an awesome concept; and I'm holding out on it...I am right on the edge of returning it...but I'm going to hang on to it in hopes that maybe someday the developer may read this and offer a more casual mode, because it's a great concept. But really, it's so ridiculously frustrating to the point where I'm probably not going to play this and I'm going to have to give it a thumbs down until they fix the game. Why would you throw 8 damages (100% damage) at the ship on the SECOND ROUND?!Really, it needs to be fixed. Please.And I have to agree with the other reviewer that has to wonder WTF you have a ""hard"" mode for. It's not ""cool"" to make it stupid insane.Also, I would love to know if the dice really are random, because there seemed to be a LOT of ♥♥♥♥ you moments that were just a bit too coincidental. Like, the last dice I would need is a one and I roll 4 ones. Really?OK, rant over."
76561198009446043,Not Recommended,323060,20588878,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Nova,"I watched a few Let's Plays on YT before i bought this. Something like 3 or 4 vids and wanted to give it a try.Thanks to card sales, it only cost me 5 €.For that money, it's ok?!? Not sure how to rate it, but i'm currently for thumbs down.Overall i think it's and ok game. Worth the 10 € it costs normaly? No. Not in this state. It's a very simple board game. It has only 10 rounds, and completly depends on luck.I played 6 games so far, not much yet, but my first game was a ""win"". 3 or 4 crew survived. It was relatively easy.Then 4 games followed, where all died within the first 3-4 weeks. And my last game, which i won again, was extremly easy with all crew on full health and full dice.The game needs some randomization rules. Like, if there is a 25+ event, don't create another. Or if there is one event higher than 30, don't let the next one be higher than 12. Something like that. Otherwise you end up with examples others wrote (3 x 25+ events in one round).You sometimes just cannot win, since you cannot get everything done, not even in the best case.If the events are not too extreme, and you have a decent roll, than you can beat the game.But then it feels a bit easy. I had lots of evens in the ""you can get dice back""-room. This way i had 4-5 dices on 3/4 crew, every turn. Made it a walk in the park, even with 30+ events.If everything is against you, just accept it. This is a dice game. You need luck on your rolls and luck for the events.If you accept this, it can be a nice game, but i'm already getting borred with it. Very repetitive. Let's see if the missions, which are announced ingame, change something."
76561197976884847,Not Recommended,323060,20589448,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Aether,"Great concept.... a little TOO hard. Frankly, makes most rouge-likes look like childs play. Doesn't even give you the illusion of having a chance, just brutally does everything it can to kill you, as quick as possible ... which doesn't really leave much room for an actual game experience.So close, but clubs you over the head with difficulty and makes you regret thinking you had a chance of actually having some fun playing. Expect some turn one deaths."
,Not Recommended,323060,34374070,Posted: 20 August,all,Igneus Tempus,Its still to buggy. Sometimes the savefile also get corrupted. I do support the devs if they can start fixing the bugs makes the game more playable even if it should crash. But I do not recommend this is an unfair bad designed game is what I think.Gameplay 4/10Graphics 5/10Sounds 4/10Summary 13/30
76561198058075753,Recommended,323060,29827112,Posted: 10 February,all,pazartesi_gorusuruz,"TLDR at the bottom.General opinions about the game:Granted, it's not a game for everyone, but I find it well crafted. Meaning not everyone will enjoy it, but at least it is bug-free, includes nice music and sound effects and graphics, as interesting a story as you might expect from a game of this small magnitude.And for the record, I find it stupid to downvote a game simply because you didn't like it or couldn't beat it, which most people seem to be doing. I lost like 9 times before I got my first win. It took that long for me to understand some of the important aspects. So I say give this game a chance, in a worst case scenario you can refund it. I also refuse to believe this game deserves a mixed rating.So yeah, while it is not neccessarily an easy game, you usually end up winning rather than losing once you learn your way around. I would say I got a win/lose ratio of 3/1 at any given time. All it takes to win is to understand how the game really works rather than spending all of your dice for repairs. Don't make rash decisions, always consider the crew's specialties. Luck is merely a side factor in this game on the contrary what majority likes to think.What the game is:It's a turn based game. You are in a spaceship headed for Mars. The ship gets pounded by asteroids and you are screwed, losing two crew members (leaving you with 4) and the ship becoming screwed in general too. So each turn, an event occurs on the ship (fire in a room etc.), hurting a room of the ship (although more than one event can occur in a turn). With your 4 man crew, you are supposed to fix the problems at hand and repair the rooms that are damaged. Problems need to be solved with repair points.How do you get repair points? Your men have dice on them, which can count towards repair points. But dices can also be used for ""research"" and ""specialties"", which can also end up being repair points among other things. So each crew member also has a specialty (technician, doctor, pilot etc.) with each of them being useful for a specific task (heal all men in the room, give everyone a die, no movement damage etc.).Rinse, repeat each turn with different events being thrown at you and try reaching Mars. There are multiple outcomes of the game. And no playthrough is ever the same. As you unlock more characters to play with, it gets even more variate.DID NOT READ:Positive aspects:Extreme replayability, because fundamentally it is a board game.Completely bug-free.Nice music, graphics and sound effects.As interesting as a short story can get.Not hard to learn, but you can still know everything and lose, as well as win without knowing anything about the game if your dice are amazing. Though your win-lose ratio will rise up after you learn more in the game. Luck is a non-major factor.There is stuff to unlock, like other characters and more missions with different scenarios.Score evaluation after each game, to challenge yourself if you want.Negative aspects:Hard to win at first, may cause people to rage quit or throw monitor from a three story window.There is a tutorial but it doesn't cover everything equally, thus still leaving room for experimentation.Maybe a bit expensive for its magnitude.Overall one of my favourite games7.5/10 would never reach Mars again."
,Recommended,323060,20859054,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TheChiv,"Tharsis is a game that is not only punishing but fun to play. It reminds me alot of Darkest dungeon and several indenpendent tabletop games. This game is not for the meek  as it will kick the crap out of you almost every time, however once you master what each class does and how to use modules you can easily beat the game with a fair amount of consistency.  I also see this as a great platform to do some other cool things...New boards, missions, planent survival...The engine is pretty damn great for the game. All in all well worth the money."
76561197983777854,Recommended,323060,20836616,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,oakenshield,It might seem that you are at the very mercy of the RNG but this game really is about tactics (but I still have to wait for my first win) Just follow the rules better than I am:+ keep calm+ don't rush your moves+ think it through you have all the time you needIt really is a fun game.
76561198065165839,Recommended,323060,20902014,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,NoobSaibot,"This is an excellent game! It is very difficult at first, but once you figure out what to do its not as hard as people say. It is very satisfying actually. My first playthrough was hard as hell but my second was a cakewalk (on normal, I am now ready for hard).Some tips to get you started:- you can still use dice that are in stasis! Maybe I was just being dumb but I didn't realise this on my first couple of attempts.- some events are fine to just leave. For example if you get a -1 Food event but currently have no food its fine to just leave it and concentrate of fixing the other problems. Same goes for events that just disable the systems in a room that you weren't going to use anyway. The rooms will become available again once you fix the event.- the +1 dice by commander and +1 health by doctor are very powerful! It's all about getting the turn order right to maximise the benefit of these abilities.- know your probabilities and have a plan. Before you deploy anyone to a room take note of how much dice and health everyone else has. Just assume everyone all will roll a 3 and calculate that you will be able to fix a room with more than 50% chance.- assists are actually important. Deploy to rooms with injury and void first if you have assists, stasis is just an annoyance but wont hurt you as much as the other things.- stress is important as it determines the choices you get between turns. Do use the -stress room if someone is on high stress (and you have no urgent rooms to fix) and do use the -stress to all crewmembers research options, they are one of the best.- don't be afraid to put dice in research and use any research options that are useful straight away, such as repair room (lifesaver), -stress, +dice, +food. Don't keep saving your research points for later. Don't be afraid to use a research point to shuffle research options when 2 out of the 3 options are crap or not useful in your current state of ship/health/food. When you use research it always takes away dice starting from the smallest number, so it is a good way to put those 1s and 2s to good use!- try to never waste dice. So you have some dice (such as 1s and 2s) that you can't put anywhere useful and you can't reroll. Use some research options that are good for next turns such as +food, +assist etc to free up room in the research bar and then put your unused dice there.- use the power of maths to figure out best dice allocation!That is all. Sick game 11/10."
76561197979821895,Recommended,323060,20650957,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,[WK] Salamander,"This game is difficult, but manageable. It is a dice based game, so you will see some ""unfair"" situations, just like you will see some incredibly beneficial rolls. There is a fair amount of balancing done, and you have to work to understand the systems at play.The tutorial does a good job of going over the basic systems and how to play the game, but there are deeper levels of strategy necessary to win, and it will take several tries or watching someone else play to be able to beat it for most.In terms of content, the story is sadly a bit short, though there is a promise of more ""missions"" coming soon. Unlockable characters are present as well, so there is a fair amount of replay.The art style is nice, if a bit basic and and the ship is not too busy. There are lots of nice little details, and I especially enjoy seeing my astronauts floating around a damaged module frantically trying to repair it as I work with a different astronaut.TLDR: Hard, but fair. Lots of RNG. Not a lot of story, but decent replay value and the potential for expansion. Graphics/art are adequate, but not bad either. Looking forward to more content from the developers."
,Recommended,323060,20615509,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,-⑨- Trickster Tanuki,"The terrible secret of space....I beat the game on my first try, 75 minutes playtime, 3 crew survived and the only one that didn't was because of an unlucky double injury role that I could have completely prevented with a hack had I not taken the risk of saving the research points. I got the ""good"" ending on my third playthrough.The point is, the game is not unfair, or unbeatable. You simply have to understand what the winning conditions are, namely that your ship must have > 1hp and you have one crewmember in the capsule at the end of the mission. Once you realize that anything above that is excess resources you will understand that sacrifices can be made to complete the mission and win the game.If you like strategy games, dice games, space games, or want to learn the terrible secret of space then give it a shot. $15 is a little pricey for an hour and a half worth of gameplay, however there are extra crew members to unlock, a Hard mode, and it looks like they have plans to release some kind of mission system to extend the playability. Maybe wait for it to be on sale again or for the missions to drop if you're on the fence."
,Recommended,323060,20630997,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bumbo,"So far im really, really enjoying Tharsis and its 45min-1 hour runs, its not exetremely difficult as people advertise it, its true it comes down to dice rolls but strategic planning and understanding of the game will make you play better each run, ive played twelve runs at the time of this reveiew (counting runs i restarted due to bad starts) and won three times, coming close to winning on most of them. Overall, Tharsis is a great game to play here and there if you like Dice, board game elements and roguelikeish gameplay, with potential to improve with updates and dlc!Godamnt Fckin Void tough! xDEdit : got more playing time and once you start understanding the game better, you'll win 50-60% of the time"
,Recommended,323060,20632384,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,w7w7w7w7w7,"Tharsis is a great digital board game comparable to Dead of Winter, Pandemic or Forbidden Desert more then anything in the videogame realm. These are very brutal & random games that you have to go into expecting a majority of time you are going to fail. A majority of the time you will perish even when you may think you are doing well, but sometime that's just the luck of the die. It really bums be out to see a lot of these negative reviews, while it's regrettable some people are not enjoying that game I can't help but feel like most of them didn't really understand at all what it was before they purchased and what to compair it to polished/extremely balanced video games they are used to playing instead of chaotic random table top games it is designed to emulate. I for one think Tharsis is an incredible achievement in bridging the game between the two and I can't wait to see more of what Choice Previsions will put out. I highly recommend if you like the randomness of dice or difficult games! If you are just looking for some game that always pats you on the head and tells you you're a good boy look else where."
76561198155312238,Recommended,323060,20630189,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Zy Soua,"Breathtakingly brutal. Roll a dice, die, roll a dice, die again. Roll, learn, die, start over."
76561197970349060,Recommended,323060,20626595,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Lasiien,"Really fun board game in space ! :-) Yes, it's tough but i had allot of fun on the journey.....I understand some of the negative reviews as on your first couple of playthroughs you can feel did nothing wrong yet the game decided you were going to lose anyway! This is usually because you are running around trying to fix everything without keeping up resources (dice, health etc.) for your next turns, once you adapt a little to this I think it gets easier whilst still a tough challenge. I've beaten it three times now, two flawlessley so strating to get the hang of it.Tutorial needs some work, doesn't really explain things too well but perhaps thats what the devs intended. i think it doesn't help people get into the game though.Soundtrack is awesome, really fits well!"
,Recommended,323060,20625919,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ims,"Yeah, it's hard, but it's fun to play even without winning which makes the high difficulty all the more excusable. It fits quite well with the atmosphere and the story, though a lot of the time it's going to feel brutal. However I don't think that detracts very much from the enjoyment, and that's what's important. Each playthrough is relatively quick and the replayability is high. That makes up for the sometimes very harsh consequences of bad rolls and more importantly bad decisions.The various game mechanics are thoroughly enjoyable, with a good number of options for each die cast, yet not so many as to feel cluttered. It has a certain elegance to it.The interface makes your choices reasonably clear and is pretty intuitive for the most part. There's been some confusion regarding the ship modules' special abilities where some require at minimum a matching pair, while others can be used with any single die (although further boosts require a matching value still). Most notably the Life Support module which replenishes 2 dice for the active character with any single die, and 4 with a matching pair. Most other elements are explained clearly through either the in-game tutorial or the tutorial video linked on the New Game screen.The research is an important factor in balancing out the inherent randomness of dice games: Even low rolls are made more useful than their value alone would suggest. With good choices, outright wasting a die is rare, and most of that is thanks to the research since the majority of the other options require a (high) minimum value (most often 5).Character classes are interesting in that class abilities make a very significant impact on your gameplay. The Captain's ability to replenish dice also among other characters, is easily appreciated, even by brand new players. Some of the other abilities can have more subtle effects, but don't confuse subtlety with usefulness. This adds value to the metagame mechanic of unlocking characters, each with a unique class ability, which will in turn impact your gameplay in different ways. Finally, this adds a layer of strategy to your gameplay, as the different abilities enable you to approach the various repair events and hazards from different angles.The general strategy in the game is to stay on or ahead of the wave of required repairs, while also taking care of your crew sufficiently to maintain this ability for future turns. Failing this, you quickly find yourself overwhelmed by the amount of repairs required to survive the turn. At that stage it is indeed impossible to win. I don't find this to be a problem, despite the sentiments expressed in some reviews. It is okay to be able to paint yourself into a corner, as long as it can be avoided. With that in mind, there is one thing the game needs that it does not have: a resign option so you can quickly start over (or just quit), knowing that the game is lost.I did manage to get a win in after quite a few attempts (and about 3 hours playtime). In the beginning it does feel like you have very little control, but after playing a while you begin to grasp the power of the various tools you have at your disposal – and it is very, very significant. This is where Tharsis legitimately becomes a strategy game.Make no mistake: Tharsis is hard and unforgiving. Play the odds and control your losses. This game is about risk assessment. Harness the randomness and don't over-extend; the average value of a die roll is 3.5. Most consequential bad rolls come from relying too much on luck in the first place. Accept this and you'll find you have much more control over the outcome than you thought possible.Update for interested parties (more of a play guide, less of a review)I've gotten a few more wins in now, including 2 out of 2 on hard mode. Speaking of which, I honestly can't see any difference from normal difficulty. Maybe you get slightly higher average repair values on events, but difficulty-wise itfeelspretty much the same. Or maybe I'm just confused now that I play better.I've certainly had my initial impression of the game turned on its head. I'll maintain that the game comes across as brutally hard in the beginning, simply because it will punish you in the most unforgiving way for your mistakes, and you do not yet know how to manage the inherent randomness of the dice. But they are indeedyourmistakes, and the vast majority of them are fixable. When you get a bad roll that hurts you a lot, you have likely made several choices in the previous turns where you had much better options. Or you went into a module with expectations way too high (typically a sign of a mediocre or losing game). But believe me when I say: You can make mistakes and still win. The number of plays you can make and survive for another turn is staggering, but there's typically only a handful of really good ones.Think carefully about which crew members you deploy to which event/module, and in what order. Make good use of assists, research projects and class abilities. Do not blindly chase events; see if there's another way that helps you even more. Sometimes it's better to ignore an event for a turn to do something that gains you a larger boost. Be very careful around injury hazards; do not commit probable suicide. And that purple void? Itwilleat your dice, so compensate. And above all else, try to maximize your characters' dice count each turn (that's what makes the Captain so good), for they are the be-all and end-all of Tharsis. Without them your run will come to an ugly end with nothing but a whimper. You might even pop your food to gain only one die, unspeakable as it might sound, since it can help you pick up speed and get all the more food or other benefits in future turns. It is an investment into your momentum. Get that snowball rolling!I haven't yet said a word about stress. I will now: Do not neglect your stress levels. In my latest win on hard(!), from the side projects I had gotten a simple -30 % stress, no strings attached, several turns in a row toward the end. All thanks to keeping the crew's stress levels low in the first place. Suddenly it became self-managing, and I could focus my precious resources (which actually weren't so precious anymore) elsewhere. I ended the game with 3 food, full dice, full health (minus some cannibalizing) and full research. Only my ship wasn't perfectly fit (about half with 2 damage on the last turn).With all that said, I do believe the Steam rating on this game is unfairly low simply because many new players feel like they immediately hit a brick wall, and deem the game impossibly random and uncontrollable. Not true. The thing is, it doesn't take very long to learn a few tricks, and all of a sudden it's a completely different game. You just have to put some thought into your actions and consider your various options.Thanks for a great game. I've enjoyed it immensely and will continue to do so as I battle for higher scores – and also eat more human flesh to unlock the last character."
76561197970771912,Recommended,323060,20708182,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,mbtanker,Great worker placement game. Tough at first but you'll figure out the strategies as you go. Luck plays a part but less so as you learn what to do.
76561198049004415,Recommended,323060,20618512,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Shaza'dul,"Despite the frustrations of those who have given this game bad reviews, I have found that Tharsis is an excellent game, and it only gets easier the more you play it and unlock more characters.It's very addicting, the visuals are great, music is good and blends in well, and NO, it's NOT ENTIRELY UP TO CHANCE. There IS strategy, and unless you get very unlucky (which does happen, mind you), you'll be able to think yourself out of many of the situations that come up.As one of the designers said, it has all of the tension and fun of Craps, but in space. With cannibalism.Get the game. It's $10 right now, and, in my opinion (and with how much I've played it), it's worth more than that."
,Recommended,323060,20629517,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,scottux,"I don't think Tharsis is nearly as random as the dice rolls would have anyone believe. It's more that the systems and solutions available to players are not all immediately obvious. Mashable's review said it best when they complained that ""the game doesn't do a great job of preparing new players for the trials to come"", and I agree wholeheartedly with that.You can let a problem go unaddressed one round, damaging your ship by 1 damage, because you've set your engineer up in the maintenance room and his rolls bumped the ship's health up by 3. You can improve the sustainability of your crew by having one in the cockpit room to remove movement damage when you have crew in less-than-ideal positions for some challenging problems. Being aware of your assist count going into a challenge, and prioritizing problems with damage or void modifiers for your assist usage can mean the difference between life and death.Ultimately, this game does a great job of creating a very rigid, parseable system to play in and an even better job of making you feel like every decision counts, because they do. I'm reminded of games like Darkest Dungeon when I play, and for me, that's a really good thing.I know this level of punishment isn't for some people, andthere is absolutely nothing wrong with that! I imagine the people reading this review will know by reading it whether this is gonna be their kind of game or not."
76561197969735301,Recommended,323060,21048269,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,CdrJameson,"Realistic space disaster simulator which will kill you in a heartbeat if you underestimate it.Don't buy this if you're only comfortable when you're completely in control - randomness IS the game - but if you like the dice and playing the odds then you'll be very happy here. Experience improves your chances radically, showing that random doesn't mean pointless."
76561198028185820,Not Recommended,323060,32165509,Posted: 3 June,all,Mr. 24's,"To me, a big part of a rougelike such as this is the payoff, the reward for the countless failures and urges to destroy the nearest rectangle in front of you. The ending isA CLIFTHANGER! And a bad one at that. what is left of your crew lands on mars and finds space ghosts that you can't get a good look at. What happens, do the space ghosts kill them? Are they alternative versions of the crew? Was it all a simulation? Who knows? And even if the ghosts are friendly so what? They are still trapped on Mars with no supplies and with no way to get more, they're dead either way, the entire mission didn't matter, the entire game didn't matter. The big payoff for your hard work is that everything you did was pointless!Or maybe I'm just thick and don't get the deep meaning or some other nonsensical excuse. 3/10 just get FTL instead, at least that has space spiders and telepathic slugs."
,Recommended,323060,20509003,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Tankor Smash,"Only played a bit of it, but I'm enjoying it. Gotta get a grasp of the strategy though."
,Not Recommended,323060,20498486,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Zeratul_pl,"Optimalization for this game is terrible. The game keeps crushing, it doesn't work properly on i7, 8Gb ram GeForce 860."
76561198007579241,Recommended,323060,22669277,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,oku,"This is no doubt a tough game to beat.  But once I won, after about 21 games, then it became a real joy to play even if I didn't  win again for  a ridiculously long time.  Every day's round became a challenge and as I got better with placing the dice I saw my strategy improving as well as my taste for human flesh but gosh darn it we all made it to Mars around my 35th try.  Watch a youtube or two, READ the manual and you just might get hooked!"
76561198007126008,Recommended,323060,23820861,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Incitatus,"This is a game for adults.Not because they are smarter. They are not.Not because they have learned dealing with adversity. You would hope they have, but they haven't.But because they haven't got much time to play computergames.  Every run takes about half an hour but is different and difficult enough to keep things fresh. Other games in this vein i like are FTL and XCOM.The only problem is that you keep thinking about strategies during work, during dinner, during  playtime with the kids and even in bed, where you, by the way, are trying to sleep like every adult with a full job and young kids."
76561197997689683,Recommended,323060,20651981,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,takers2,"This is actually a great find.  People complain that it's too random, it's not at all.  It's all about making choices with what you have, everything is useful in the right circumstances.  You have a lot that you can use dice in the game for, each die can be used to activate a character's special ability, use the room you are in special ability, reasearch technology, or solve a problem on the ship.  A fault many players have is they use their dice to solve problems and ignore everything else when those special abilities and technologies are vital to success.  Very enjoyable, would make an excellent boardgame as well..."
,Recommended,323060,24054167,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DAFRANT,"Rogue-light with some tactical elements and a strong focus on RNG. Awesome soundtrack (sadly not for sale at time of review) and some nice art/graphics. The strong RNG influence makes it very frustrating, your task is to keep the damage done by bad dicerolls to a mininum by good planning and tactics. Some unlockable content. Game performance is either really bad or a personal problem for my rig, the given minimum settings seem way too low.Recommended if you like(d): Darkest Dungeon, RNG in generalNot recommended if you don't like: Strong RNG focus, Frustrating games"
,Recommended,323060,23889941,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Peewee Nipplepuss,"I realize that this is a dice game so RNG is very much part of it. However the random draws are just too wild. You can start the game with injured crew each having 1-2 dice each while having to overcome repairs of 25+ on MULTIPLE modules. A waste of time since it's 100% impossible to complete.+Addictive gameplay+Massive highs and lows depending on what you roll-Too random (lower the variables or lock them to what turn you're on)-Some abilities are borderline useless compared to others6/10 - I do recommend it, especially if it's discounted, but there are some parts of the game that needs to be fixed and others that are just not implemented yet."
76561197998045407,Recommended,323060,21030275,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Helmseye,"very fun game, it is hard but has a nice mixture of risk management and making sure you improve your chances of survival with dice management. I really like it and ow with missions being released for it I am confident it will entertain for a long time."
76561198005853643,Recommended,323060,24042406,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,10meghalfduplex,"I found this game really addictive, it's probably not for people who can't handle winning though.  bought it on special at 50% off, at that price it's a no brainer... probably doesn't have the replayability to warrant the full $20 or so dollars (it's definitely replayable, just not $20 replayable)"
,Recommended,323060,20553450,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,B4RON V0N F4NG,"Took me eleven tries to land on Mars but it was worth it.The game is incredibly difficult which is one of its strongest traits (it even has a HARDER mode if you can believe that). Events, die roll, starting conditions--all completely randomized. You're forced to adapt to an ever-changing situation and alter your strategies to cope with the environment.The primary con, in my mind, is a long term replayability. The game was beautifully drawn, rendered, and programmed but I'm not entirely sure how often I will pick the game back up and see if I can make it to Mars again.Despite that, I would still recommend this game. It's unique and fresh in an industry of remakes and rehashings."
,Recommended,323060,20580799,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Jewggalo,"First off, the game's not even that hard, ya pansies. I got it on my 10th run, and the first 2 or 3, I was still figuring out the mechanics.That being said, it is not a game for everyone. You have to accept that it's like a 70-30 split between luck and strategy. If you don't like that, it's not the game for you. I personally, as a lowkey gambling addict, love that. The game also has a great soundtrack (including one song that I'm fairly certain is based off of Ground Control to Major Tom, which I think is pretty cool), great visuals, and great voice acting."
,Not Recommended,323060,20502694,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,IncuB,"Games harsh, it will will take you and smash your teeth on concrete and that in ♥♥♥♥ing space.Turn base simply not for me."
76561198002246149,Recommended,323060,20652817,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ramjbjb,"First of all, I've read most of the negative comments about this game. They are all based on the same ""issue"": The game is very hard, the game is impossible, RNG hates the universe and specially me, etc etc etc...Now that's not a reason to say a game is bad. There's a plethora of excellent games in history which were tough as heck, yet they still were brilliant. I wouldn't qualify Tharsis as Brilliant, but certainly it is very, very ,very good for what it is, and a very solid value for the money.So what is it?. Tharsis is actually a board game, and should be approached as such. It requires you to think hard about managing your resources, requires you to plan for future needs vs current problems, it requires a solid risk assessment. It requires all that and yes, even then now and then RNG will screw you up even while you took all the correct measures. But that doesn't detract from the game, it adds up to it in more than a way.Tharsis is not a long game to play. A single run won't last for more than 30-45 minutes so if RNG screws you up you don't lose anything, just hit ""new game"" and go at it again. And quite honestly for each time I've been screwed by bad RNG (and it happens) I can name another where RNG saved my♥♥♥♥♥♥in extremely grin scenarios where survival seemed almost impossible. RNG gives and RNG Takes. It just happens that most players are used to games mouthfeeding them, and also have a short memory, they only remember when things went sour, they don't recall the times they were insanely lucky.Tharsis offers relatively short games (a succesful run might take 30-45 minutes only) with huge replayability thanks to the variety of events that you'll be facing, to the RNG nature of the rolls, and to the fact that there are several unlockable crew members which allow for a variety of tactics and different approaches to the game.Don't expect to win in your first run. Nor in your second. Nor in your third. In fact don't expect to win at all until you become familiar with the events, the crew skills, the ship modules and what they offer, and you can choose between crew compositions. Once you're at that point you'll be ready to win...as long as you play well. A bad choice will make you lose. And a good choice might still lose you the game (RNG!), but more times than not if you're good at assessing your chances and options, RNG won't matter...too much.So as long as you accept that sometimes things will go wrong even while you did great choices....Is it fun? Hell yes. Is it addictive? Oh boy it is. Is it challenging?. Extremely and it's even more fun because of it. Is it replayable? Heck yes.Is it a worthy buy?. If you like board games, risk and resource management, and are ready to accept the RNG nature of it, it's a must buy.But if you want a game you win by default every time you hit ""play"", a game where following the same steps will mean victory no matter what, or a game that guarantees that if you play well you'll win all the time, then better look for something else because no, Tharsis is not like that.But as I said...for what it is, is a very very very good game."
,Recommended,323060,20493034,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,halfvoid,"A challenging single player board game experience.You face a series of events taking place during the last 10 weeks of your voyage to Mars.Things will go wrong. Things will go very wrong.You goal is to survive until you reach Mars.The modules on the ship will break each turn and it's the job of your 4 remaining astronauts to fix them and keep from otherwise dying of starvation or mental breakdowns. Your astronauts perform tasks by rolling dice and most events require a certain number of points to repair which come from the value of your dies. *YES THIS MEANS LUCK IS INVOLVED* But it's not the governing body of the game mechanics, it's your descisions that come from understanding and working through your bad situation and what oppotunities to look out for.Aside from the game systems, the atmosphere is top notch. A foreboding sci-fi survival tale. Your astronauts will appear visibly disturbed as their stress levels rise. Dice physics. A moody electro soundtrack (provided I believe by some artists from the San Francisco bay area electro scene.)Fans of Chainsaw Warrior or Elder Sign: Omens would definitely enjoy this, but if you're looking for this to be a replacement for FTL, you probably want to look elsewhere."
,Recommended,323060,20537626,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Chan-Tzu Ti,"It's a fun game!!! It has surprising layer of depth, even when the game might suggest you need to fix all highlighted problems first, it's not always the smartest choice. The game offers mechanics like 'assists' to prevent damage or other penalties on bad dice roles, which really prove to be life savers. Yes, it's a very difficult game and yes RNG totally has the potential of screwing you over in only one turn, but it does seem like there are ways of lowering risks to such an extent that it's possible to beat the game. I don't think every single game you start can be won, but that might simply be me not seeing the optimal solution. As said, sometimes getting a bonus by rolling (high) dice in a different section of the space station is essentially the only way of solving the events that threaten a destruction of the space station.Again, it's a hard game and you'll fail a lot. But I'd imagine that fits the theme quite well anyway.I kind of hope to see more content and it seems they have 'missions' planned, for there is a button in the game that still reads 'coming soon'. Not sure what we can expect, but I kind of hope to see a few more 'scenarios' that include 10 more turns with a different goal and different struggle. All things considered, the game is a little bit lightweight on content IMHO, despite being extremely replayable. It's priced accordingly, but I think they probably should keep it 10 bucks to increase overall value.I'm also going to wish for;-more stations (because while it certainly looks very good and works fine, we only really get 'one level' with randomised events)-variety in missions / goals (which may come with the 'missions', which aren't in the game yet). Mind you; the random events in the game have a good variety and are quite perfect.-more astronauts to choose from, the roster with everyone unlocked is a bit lightweight for a game like this with a total of 9 or so.-add a mode or function where instead of getting one turn closer to Mars, you'll add an additional turn in which you fix up the ship, before going to the next 'harzardous turn'. It's an amazingly tense game, but not fixing problems in the last turn will make it nigh impossible to solve all problems in the next. Ie. the snow balling effect is kind of harsh, which is probably the reason why people complain about this game being too difficult. Obviously, adding such a 'delay' turn will lower the final score. But it might ease the problem of 3 events destroying a fairly healthy space station in a single turn. Of course, the whole danger if part of the fun, so I wouldn't want to see them lowering the difficulty. Just give us a tad more options influencing the RNG.-(or alternatively/additionally) add the option of SWITCHING/POWERING OFF modules temporarily, so they in fact won't do damage to the ship that turn, but of course still have an impact on the game. For example, switching off the medbay means it won't function in healing crew, but might give you like one turn longer to prevent a -2 health for everyone penalty which would make you lose the game.I'm hoping the developer continues adding cool stuff to the game. It's formula deserves an even greater, more in depth experience. And so far, I can totally recommend the game. It's a lot of fun. It's tense and it requires to make the most of what happens. It's a great risk management game. It's a good strategy game. It features canibalism. It's original, despite being essentially a boardgame. It's the best boardgame on PC I've played ever, which says a lot. Totally recommended! 8/10"
,Recommended,323060,20542449,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Nekro,"Difficulty isn't about working with definite resources - it's about working with what you get. If you disagree, well, this game isn't for you."
,Not Recommended,323060,20499237,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,lordarticus,"I was expecting a little more base build elements to it, and i guess it could be called more of a survival game, however it so much RNG that it becomes incredibly repetitive. i feel as if it could grew into a good game if it were in EA however sold as a complete game, I had to request a refund.I love RNG based games and am huge into roguelikes. I bought this game because i was told it was difficult, but its not diffcult you just have to be repetitivly lucky. Challenges are stacked way against you and not in a fun way. I would rather spend my $10 elsewhere."
76561198031360009,Not Recommended,323060,20511801,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,"Have to agree, this is too random, and too much going on that will kill you.  You have to repair parts of the ship each round to prevent it from blowing up.  But you need to do that with dice, which you might get at the end of each round if you got food and sacrificed something else.  Of course moving from one part of the ship to another may also cause you to get injured and die, and lets not forget that the dice themselves may end up killing you.  No, it kicks the fun out of you, take away 2 or 3 ways to die and give me a shot at finishing the game before unlocking the 'hero' crew that you get for playing over and over and over again.   Maybe if it goes on a 75% off sale?  Or cut back on the things going on."
,Recommended,323060,20502238,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Periapse,"1. This game is not ""all random."" It's about MANAGING RISK and MAKING THE BEST OF A BAD SITUATION. It's seriously compelling. And unlike some roguelikes, it seems goverened by a well considered escalation of difficulty which is not unfair.2. This game is not skillless. You need to think a lot about your choices. Like I said, managing risk. That's the idea behind the dice rolls. Sometimes it's good that certain things are out of your control.This game is fantastic. Right now a lot of people are giving it negative reviews because they aren't comfortable with the dice roll system. Honestly, if you're not down for that, don't get the game, but rake it over the coals either. It's not a bad game, it's just not for you. If you ARE into that or you just have an open mind and want to try something new, this game is AWESOME.Like some other people reviewing it here, I at first suspected the game was unbalanced. But as I kept at it my strategies became better and I found it was possible to JUST squeak by. I haven't beaten the game yet, but I'm certain it can be done. It feels great when you survive for one round longer than you did on your last try, a real sense of achievement. It's a good thing that this game is so unforgiving. If it frustrates you, don't blame the game, or the dice, or yourself. Just keep trying and you'll get better at it. It's kinda sad to say that's a refreshing experience in a video game in today's market, but it really is. I keep coming back for more.Seriously, give this one a try."
76561197985847263,Recommended,323060,20505671,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[LoR] Team Triss,"You will lose/10.Seriously.  If you're not the kind of person who enjoys a hard-fought, drawn-out loss, then you're going to want to skip this title.  If the opposite is true, though, you definitely want to pick this up.I find a good comparison is solitaire boardgaming, where it's just you, the rules, and some dice.  I can think of a bunch of specific examples from games I play, but they all really boil down to: if the dice hate you, there's probably nothing you can do.I think a lot of the negative reviews are coming from people who weren't expecting that and don't particularly enjoy it.  It's a niche game, IMO.Recommended for those who read this review and know the feelings I'm talking about, but not recommended for anyone else.TIME does the game justice:http://time.com/4170657/review-tharsis-is-an-ingenious-space-game-that-will-break-you/"
,Recommended,323060,20499904,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,strbldsnch,"If you enjoy RNG games this is a pretty fun game... it's kind of like storymode Yahtzee.  It is -really- difficult, though, even on the normal difficulty.  I almost think it's needlessly difficult.  The game would be hard enough without such huge penalties for rolling void, stasis, and damage dice.  If you get unlucky and run across a room that needs a high number to repair and also end up with 2 different dice that will void and another that will damage (which happens a lot), that means you are pretty much toast.  There's a 50% chance on every roll that you'll either lose the die completely or injure yourself.  I think the losing one die per turn no matter what is a bit harsh as well.  I understand the mechanic and how it ties into food, but without cannibalism I don't see how you stand a chance.  And even then... well, you really don't.Adjust the frequency of the stasis, void, and damage dice and I think it'd improve things a lot.  I don't see why -every- encounter needs to have those come into play.  It's a fun enough game and concept that it would retain its replay value beyond beating it... don't be afraid to let people win once in a while.  Still, for the price it's fun enough and it's pretty rewarding when you make it through a round with no damage.  It's just too bad that you can go from on top of things, full health and full dice one round to royally screwed the next."
,Recommended,323060,20488388,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,jeremiads,"If you like rolling dice to determine if you're going to have to eat your friend's face, this is the game for you."
76561198079852216,Recommended,323060,25096492,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Yrael The Lucific,Extremely Highstakes Yahtzee i suggest for anyone wholikes them some idle dice rollers its well worth what ever you spend on it at the time i would buy it again and again if i had to.
,Recommended,323060,30498793,Posted: 13 March,all,And then John was a zombie.,"I honestly don't know what to say about this game. I'd recommend it...but then not because of the sheer frustration attached to this game sometimes.It's all about dice rolls to get the exact/combo of numbers to shutdown/trigger events and sometimes rolling that die and NOT succeeding with a clutch win and then having your ship just BOOM is immensely frustrating...but at the same time: if you're a Roguelike fan: you're gonna do it again. And again. And again. Until you win.Winning in this game is refreshing and you FEEL the ""YES YES YES!"" when you do but just be wary that this game will have you going FFFFFUUUUCC... a lot of times.If you don't like dice games of chance, don't bother. If you like Roguelikes and can stand a good ol' stab in the leg when you lose: go for it."
,Recommended,323060,28414641,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,CCChris,Terrifying. Depressing. Awesome.
76561197998740055,Recommended,323060,32708772,Posted: 23 June,all,Spacemania,"The game has a fun difficulty to it, mostly because of the random chance that rolls into 2/3 of the game, but that last 1/3 is all strategy.  Its hard to put down once you get your teeth into it, and its easy to have one's stubborn-factor dominate the gamer until victory is acheived.The unfortunate part is that once the game is beaten, it looses a fair amount of replay value. Given that the game is more lightweight than others, it is still a good half-hour time killer for people who need to burn some time and don't have powerhouse laptops to play a game.Overall, this is definatly a good bargin bin game to have on hand for those periods of time that you just need to kill some time and brain cells. Otherwise, move along there isn't anything spectacular about Tharsis."
76561198006622834,Not Recommended,323060,31700480,Posted: 12 May,all,bleubleu,"Nice game and concept, but... in 2 hours I finished it 3 times and failed 1 time, now, it become repetitive."
76561198074280384,Not Recommended,323060,29601272,Posted: 31 January,all,fIameloIz,"This recommendation comes with some reservations.Like so many games I've played, this one gives me the impression that it could be a lot more than what it currently is. I'd love for the story to be better and more immersive. I'd like the characters to have unique and randomized interactions. I'd love for there to be ""special"" dice that you can find by chance. These dice could look unique and might have interesting properties, like maybe having additional sides or increasing the chance of a favorable outcome. That could be an easy way to add a ""snowball"" effect to a game that sorely needs it. Games like this are most fun when you're playing to get lucky enough to really do well in the early game to turn the game no longer into survival, but thriving. FTL was excellent for this reason. Scrap recovery arm was that item that did this.So while I want to recommend this game, I feel like aside from unlocking 3 more characters, I've seen almost everything this game has for me. I can see myself playing this game maybe for 10 hours total at the most. A bit low to be honest. Oh well. It's a fun concept, but sorely underdeveloped."
76561198003729995,Recommended,323060,33984757,Posted: 2 August,all,=(e)=™ The Hessian,"Going into the game, my thoughts were as follows: Space? Yeah! Cannibalism? Hell yeah! But in reality, not so much. I thought that being a survival-based game with random events confronting your crew on its way to Mars, that the concept was somewhat similar to Sunless Sea, a fantastic rogue-like which has you captain a ship in similar circumstances (though on water). Tharsis, unfortuantley, was much different, and this was due to the mechanic of dice. See, when confronted with a broken engine, or a food shortage, your crew gets to roll dice, and the higher the number, the more likely you can deal with the event successfully. And that is where this game falls short of Sunless Sea, in that, while there's always an element of randomness, events are not entirely beyond your control or your decisions. In Tharsis, the roll of a dice can mean the difference between fixing the command module or having your ship disintegrate in space. While I like the look of the mystery meat served in Tharsis (looks like steak), the sheer lack of control over events makes it a hard game to succeed at. Overall Score: 7.6/10"
,Recommended,323060,28812350,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Knu,"Very neat little game! Although chance has a very, very, big impact (which is probably the only downside) it's a very nice setting and even with the dice, you still need to think strategically.The campaign is very short, albeit it is very, very replayable.Especially on sale, i recommend this. 2.5€ is absolutely a bargain!"
76561198025249920,Recommended,323060,33538417,Posted: 14 July,all,Tinyted,"If you enjoy a game where it's designed around balancing multiple resources, and playing with simple dice roll statistics, this may be the game for you. If you're looking for a story or to have some attachment to the characters in the game, you might want to choose something else such as FTL.The games resources are very easily identifable, from characters, with their special traits and their individual health, morale, dice rolls along with the overall ship's health, food storage, assist points, research points. It's easy to tell what each of the modules benefit for, allowing you to make judgement calls in evaluating decisions a lot easier. There isn't much hidden or obscure stats in play.Thus your strategies are more often easier to formulate. Trial and error is pretty straight forward, there isn't much long enduring scenes, as almost everything is skippable or short enough.I recommend this game if you like to have the experience of formulating strategies easier than most games due to its simplicity. There are puzzles that you can tackle that I have not tried. So I can't say for certain how much replayability and how much depth the gameplay goes in terms of challenging your strategies."
76561197974257413,Recommended,323060,29774361,Posted: 7 February,all,thomasamoht,Basicly a complex and addictive game of yahtzee.
76561198031267650,Recommended,323060,30034164,Posted: 19 February,all,Abyss (HK),"Yahtzee, Yacht, or Crag are dice category games which challenges your risk management. In ""Tharsis"", you have to deal with all the random factors just like Yahtzee and most of the games.I have reached to the Mars with 5 hours (5 trials in easy mode). It is not easy but it is possible. Space is a dangerous place, right? I think ""Tharsis"" is a good blend of Yahtzee and space simulation. It is fun.(Hint: Estimate how many dice you need. The dice you need = Task Difficulty / 3.)"
,Recommended,323060,20691619,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,TheGameTutor,"An enjoyable ""video board game"" most similar to PVE board games such as Pandemic. I think the key thing which a lot of people are missing is that you are not supposed to be able to complete the game everytime and some playthroughs will literally be impossible. I think the game really well captures the reality of the helplessness of the situation you are in.Not a perfect game but def worth a go for fans of strategy board games. Plus playthroughs are quick so it doesnt outstay its welcome.All I would say is the ending (when/if you eventually get there) could be a little more fleshed out.For a playthrough with commentary please check out our video below:Tharsis Playthrough"
,Recommended,323060,24902450,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SkippyKJ,I immeadately loved the atmosphere and gameplay grew on me after a couple playthoughs to develop some strategy.  Risk assesment and maximizing resources are key while tring to prepare for the inevitable bad luck.  Easy mode still requires your full attention to constantly re-evaluate and decide your best moves if you want to make it to the end.What I would give to see this world a little more freely than a dice game.  The developers really created a beautiful piece of art that sucks you in but may turn some people away that aren't into dice games.  Worth more than I paid for it and put the developers on my watchlist.
76561197968606386,Recommended,323060,20599496,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Max Fill,Fantastic push-your-luck dice rolling game.  The mechanics of the game evoke a strong feeling of desperation.   Tough choices and  nail biters as you watch your resources dwindle while the crippled ship limps to Mars.  Plays in about 30 minutes.  Strongly recommend.
,Recommended,323060,20613081,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Roach,"This game is a breath of fresh air compared to a lot of other games. It is VERY challenging and unforgiving, that being said it is highly addictive.  Don't take too much from the negative reviews, if you're currently browsing through Steam undecided , go ahead and pull the trigger on this one because it is worth it."
,Recommended,323060,20565367,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,hyperiums,Damn you random dice roll!!!! This game is brutal but I keep going back. I will make it Mars!
,Recommended,323060,20568388,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Porky Napalm,I love this game. I think it would be very cool/convenient to have an option to re-watch any endings you've unlocked. Don't know how difficult that would be to implement. Great game.
76561198067920815,Recommended,323060,20568852,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,albionknightofpendragon,This is a really good and addictive game.  It is a dice game so its as much about luck as anything else.  However there are balancing issues.  Having played for 12 hours straight I couldn't get to Mars.  The game needs to be rebalanced.  Maybe the addition of a playable crewmember extra would solve that.  Anyway at its base this game is highly addictive but even I am thinking it doens't have the balance of say FTL.  It needs it and when it does it will be one of the best permadeath games out there.
76561198000941352,Recommended,323060,20572576,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Broken Iris,"Is this game for everyone? No, no it is not.If *Fun* doesn't appeal to you, then this won't be fun for you.Will you lose several times in a row? Yes, how many games of solitaire have you lost in your life?A fated resource management game that will say you don't get to win unless you focus on what is most important, long or short term solutions to the predicaments at hand.Enjoy the soundtrack, the atmosphere, and the joy of winning after seeing how the odds are stacked against you."
,Recommended,323060,20603051,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Julian rc,"If you enjoy difficult rogue-like challanges that require you to die mercilessly over and over as you gain the skill and strategies to beat the game, paired with the requirement of a bit of luck, then this game is for you.  Once I started playing, I couldn't stop.  The game is very difficult and requires you to come up with some deep strategy, but once you figure it out you end up winning about 1/4 or 1/5 games.  It's very rewarding to see the different endings, and unlock the new chars.  I recommend this game highly to people who enjoy challanges, luck, and board games."
,Recommended,323060,20640011,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Bees,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'd been wondering whether to buy this game or not for a few days. I decided to give it a go and just wow. This game is super fun, unlockables and from what I can tell alternate endings give it a lot of replayability too. I saw Sips play this quickly on Youtube and after seeing the gameplay I knew I wanted it. I usually suffer with buyer's remorse but not this time - even if I have to start giving out blumpkins for dollar to survive now.I think I'm still drunk from yesterday. Awesome!"
,Recommended,323060,20560475,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JuSt_infërno,"SO I just got done with my first mission with a success, hanging by a thread and probably wouldnt of survived another turn had to sacrifice my mechanic to do ship repairs causing to survive with one ship health, with three scenarios that didnt need to be resolved. What I like so much about this game is the amount of critical thinking you have to do and decision making to survive, Its very strategic and I believe the game is very balanced in that regards despite what other say about how insane some scenarios can be.It took a little over an hour but it went by so fast and I will be definitely playing more rounds after this. It has great replayability.The game is refreshing in its style.. Of course alot of it is RNG and i had a bit of luck on my side but I never felt like it was impossible to make it one more week with the correct strategy.I really hope the developers expand to this series and ill be more than happy to support this game.for the price of this game the value you get is beyond worth it. Its stressful it makes you think about every move and I love it. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,323060,20575096,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,.::Ticigame::.,"The Game is really fun. I recommend buying it right now.But, it is short, and thats sad, because the Story developes so nice. All we can do, is wait until the Missions come out. Till then, we will have to enjoy the Short, but unique and nice Sandbox."
76561198061955363,Recommended,323060,20596281,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Null_Unit,"Do you love board games and dice games that smack you in the face, kick you in the shin and then laugh at your tears? Then this is the game for you. I would compare this game to Elder Sign (a game I love), except that Tharsis has more choices with more signficance to make. Similar to Elder Sign, each character rolls dice and then allocates the dice to fend off certain doom. After each character goes, then the game takes it's turn and terrible things happen to you. Also similar to Elder Sign, characters move from location to location, each location having an effect on how you can use your dice and what positive results you will get for defeating it.  This game is not totally luck based. There are a lot of choices to make with your rolls or you can press your luck and re-roll. I am loving this game and would buy a physical version if they made one. So, if you like punishing board games like Ghost Stories, Space Hulk: Death Angel, Elder Signs or Defenders of the Realm then you will like Tharsis."
76561198001094920,Recommended,323060,20565561,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Jester Eric,"With a game like this you need to remember, the question isn't ""how do I win"" it's ""How do I give my team the best chance of winning""I have played about 20 missions so far and haven't won a single one. Some times you just get steam rolled by fate but most of the time I feel like I've got a middle of the rode chance. (worth it to note I personally am avoiding cannibalizing my crew till I win once.)If you're not used to rolling dice or figuring probably then give this game a wide birth, I know lots of people turned off because they didn't realize that rolling a ""4"" was a higher number.I always say playing games is like making love (it's not fun unless it hurts) and this fits that pretty well without being brutal and smashing your head in. I give it a perfect 6.5/10. :)"
76561198166070214,Recommended,323060,20574111,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Nibmeister,"This game is awesome, difficult, and has already provided me hours of fun.One minor caveat I have noticed. Being a person who is irritated by repetitive music, I play many video games with the music turned off. I have come to find that all sound during story cutscenes, including the narration, counts as part of the music track. Therefore, turning off the game music turns off all the voice acting in the cutscenes."
,Recommended,323060,20597633,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,LinksPB,"I assume you are here trying to find out what redeeming qualities positive reviews have to counter the bad stuff said in the negative ones. Let's get started.Firstly,the game system is great, simple but strategically deep (do not let anyone tell you otherwise). The randomness of the events do keep you on your toes, but preparing research items, saving food and fixing the ship ahead of time is possible, and I would say necessary.Secondly,the randomness and difficulty are two of the things that make this game good.They are not detrimental to this game. Take into account that this very same game with a 1 in 3 or 5 win ratio, would have almost no replayability value. Unlockable crew members are nice to try out, only got two of them so far and they do change the way you play, but trying to beat the odds are what make me want to play again and again... and again. I just finished my 14th game in less than 6 and a half hours. Take into account that I took my time to think every move the first three or four games, and I went AFK with the game open a couple of times.Having said that, I found no reason to call the difficulty ""punishing"" as many others have (even in positive reviews). I confess that I love rogue-likes and other types of very difficult games, and am not pushed away by any number of defeats if the game is actually winnable at some point, but 2 wins in 14 games, and the second one with all 4 crew members on Mars, not having succumbed to cannibalism, tells me this game isnot that hardif you get your mind into it and learn all of the possibilities in front of you.""Mission accomplished""... What a rush.---EDIT---Forgot to leave one tip: Keep stress low, it's important."
76561197983084310,Recommended,323060,20600635,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ecliptic,"Good fun. High pressure dice based board game. Ignore the reviews that say this game in unforgivingly relentlessly difficult, It's tough, but not unfair. It's actually rather expertly balanced. I managed to beat it on normal with two surviving crew members on my second game. You just need a decent handle on the mechanics and how to wrangle chance. I'll certainly be playing it more to unlock the other classes and try for a perfect run and perhaps beat hard mode. Well worth my ten cool dollars."
76561198024913122,Recommended,323060,20609774,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Serpens,"The story starts after the big accident. As the game says, the objective is not to reach Mars anymore. The new main objective is to survive as long as possible in a very adverse situation. Once u understand this, you begin to like the game. After ""a few"" tries of absolute disasters, the first time I arrived Mars was with all the crew alive, not eating any human flesh, 7/8 hull, low stress but some astronauts with very low health.Travelling space with a damaged ship and two astronauts dead of six, is not easy task."
76561198027547028,Recommended,323060,20570639,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ginger Giraffe,"Despite the mixed reviews I bought the game because I really enjoy this genre of game.THE GOOD:One of the things that I really like about it is the unpredictable nature of every turn. The fact that surviving the end of one turn can come down to just one dice roll makes this game difficult but extremely enjoyable. It is not easy, you will lose many times. The thing that keeps me coming back is that each game poses a different set of challenges each time.Another good thing is that the look of the game is beautiful, the developers really put in the time for a lot of detail and animation that you may not see in similar games. I would never think that I could appreciate an animation of how dice roll in a game, but it's satisfying to see every time.The mechanics of the game are very appealing, and having unique ship areas and character abilities adds great depth to the game. It takes some time to get used to what exactly each mechanic is, but they are straightforward after one or two playthroughs.THE NOT SO GOOD:I wouldn't say any part of this game is bad, but there are improvements to be made.The game is HARD. I beat it on easy difficulty, probably because of luck honestly, and I can't even imagine beating it on the harder difficulty. One reason (as pointed out by other users) is that your ship can sustain an insane amount of damage on one turn, effectively killing all of the crew or destroying your ship. It could be balanced somewhat better, but that being said it isn't broken.The length of the game now is pretty short, it would be really cool to see future updates with longer scenarios, new ships, etc. It is possible to unlock new crew with different abilities, and it says on the menu that missions are coming in future updates. That being said, each playthrough can be unique, but you are limited to being on the same ship every time.Personally, I'm not interested in the story cutscenes. They don't pique my interest all that much, but they do add some to the overall atmosphere of the game.PRICE:All in all, great game with great potential. I think it's worth the $15 base price, but definitely worth a try for the sale price.TL;DR8/10 - Would cannibalize my dead crew again."
,Recommended,323060,20570677,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ice Cream Jonsey,"This is a unique spaceship disaster game that takes place in space. A friend called it a ""Sunshine Simulator,"" after the movie. I'm really enjoying it! There are some reviews that say the game is broken, but those should be ignored, it's not."
76561198079692386,Recommended,323060,20599417,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Boadicea,"The intensity of this game reminds me of ""This War of Mine"" which I do also highly recommend if you don't mind permadeath and the constant struggle to stay alive for another round. It took me about 15 playthroughs and over 10 hours (apparently quite a bit above average) to reach Mars for the first time and the game drove me mad while keeping me hooked at the same time. After another 5-6 playthroughs I figured that, besides making the inevitable rookie mistakes I just had a terrible streak of bad dice rolls that cumulated into recurring desasters. Also reshuffeling the crew with the unlocked new members helped a lot.So in contrast with many of the commentaries I have read so far I tend to say that the game is very well balanced and that it is all about the journey (I.e. making the best possible decisions under the ever changing circumstances) and not necessarily about reaching the destination......anyhow, at the current promo price the game is definitely good value!"
76561197962131638,Recommended,323060,20609463,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Anday,"As others have pointed out, Tharsis is a game where your odds of success are significantly influenced by your luck (or lack thereof). However, this alone does not mean there is an absence of strategy or planning. The game is based around making decisions, calculated risk-taking, and developing contingency/backup plans around the various dice roll outcomes that can happen - those are the skills that the game encourages you to develop. If you choose to play this game, yes, there will be times when you get unfavorable dice rolls, but there will also be times when the dice fall your way too. Based on my playtime, the dice rolls seem random, not weighted to make things more easy or difficult for you (although I have yet to try Hard mode).Regarding other aspects of the game such as presentation, graphics, sound - these are all solid, although ultimately unremarkable.If I had to compare this game to another, I'd say it feels somewhat similar to FTL. If you enjoyed that game, you might like this one too.TLDR; Luck is involved, but it's not the sole factor that decides games. The core gameplay concept is fun, and the game is worth a try."
76561198093845213,Recommended,323060,20566323,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,mattwandcow,"The difficulty of this game makes it really addicting, really easy to just start a new mission and try again. You feel like you get so close some games, then RNG snatches it away. I'll get it. I will. This I swear. We will reach Mars"
,Recommended,323060,20571852,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Jynxeh,"If you rage quit easily - probably not the game for you.For everyone else this game is super fun and the challenge only makes the win rewarding. The mechanics are brilliant, the art is pretty cool, the story is (so far) intriguing and well told. Great game,"
76561198012883252,Recommended,323060,20574855,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Capnflintlock,"Tharsis, like many other dice games, is about thinking several steps ahead. It's about risk management. Many players do not seem to understand this. Yes, dice rolls are random, and can screw you over, but the game is about using the most out of every thing you're given.Essentially, you and you fellow crew of space travellers are stranded on a doomed ship after a cluster of meteorites struck it. Your goal, is to survive 10 turns, while all hell breaks lose. During these turns, you use your crew to repair various sections of the ship. Not fixing these areas often has catastrophic consequences. The worst cases being that your ship either explodes, or your crew dies. To fix these areas, you roll a group of dice, whose collectice value represents the amount of repairs a crew member can make at once. If you pass a randomized thresh hold, you fix the section, and no penalties will inhibit you. If you fail, you'll need another crew member to come in and complete the needed repairs.This sounds all nice and easy, except that their are a multitude of resources and factors that can slow you down. Hunger being the primary one. Your characters carry a maximum of 5 dice at once. After completing an action, their total number of dice reduces by 1. This introduces a sort of fatigue system, where your crew gets worse and worse. However, if you feed them, they'll immediatly recover 3 maximum dice. The problem is that food is scarce, and fairly difficult to procure in large amounts. with 4 crew members, it can be difficult to get everyone working effectively.As you could imagine, the luck of the draw can come into play here, as practically everything is related to dice rolls. However, there is a mechanic in the game called research. Effectively, at any point when you roll dice, you can choose to sleight them into a research tray. At any given time you'll be given 3 ""cards"" which you can spend research on to unlock for a once use consumable. For example, if you have a 1, 3, and a 5, you could sleight each into research, and allow you to unlock a card with a maximum cost of up to 3. Each of these cards helps you do various things. By preemptively stocking research, you can prepare for the storm thats coming later on down the road.Again, the game is about budgeting your dice accordingly. There may be scenarios where its better to leave parts of the ship damaged, while you work on resting and getting food for you crew. The challenge however, is in finding the best solution to a run. Tharsis is almost like a puzzle in that regard. Indeed at times, it may be impossible to win, but you shouldn't let that stop you, as thats how dice games work in general. Its what makes it special. I just finished a run where I got so many 1's and 2's, and high count repair rooms that my head was spinning. However, I managed to scrape by through the action of killing and eating one of my squad mates, a liberal use of research cards, and pumping everything I had into repairing the hull with nothing but super glue, duck tape, and spit. It can be hard to get that decisive win, but when you make it its extremely rewarding."
,Recommended,323060,20562120,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,karmafeed,"It was fun but difficult.  If you enjoyed FTL and especially pen/paper games, you'll have a good time."
76561197986066673,Recommended,323060,20551755,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,soapsud101,"I'm personally enjoying all the mars related media that is coming out right now, awareness and interest in something other than our pale blue dot is a hopeful step of bringing on another golden age of space exploration. As far as the game goes, if you enjoy rouge likes and don't have to get a little dopamine rush from every single time you get a +40 POINTS KILL BANG PEW PEW, then it's an engaging distraction. I have something other than the soundtrack going when I'm playing to keep the constant death of my crewmates from getting to me too bad. :P Would recommend."
76561198029274929,Recommended,323060,21007901,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,al359614,"It's a great, currently short, and rather difficult game that I greatly enjoyed playing.1. People are hung up on the difficulty level and randomness of the game. It's been demonstrated that the randomness of this game can be overcome by good decision making and this has also been my experience. If you enjoy a random element in games, this game is great. If you're the type of person that gets angry at missing a 95% shot 1 in 20 times - you probably won't like Tharsis.2. The game currently is about the $ 1/hr threshold. I beat the game multiple times and it was an interesting experience each time. The developers are also adding new missions (for free) to round out the content. As it stands, you probably won't sink 100 hours into this game. If you are happy with paying a dollar for an hours worth of quality entertainment, this game is a great buy."
76561197971443933,Recommended,323060,20513346,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ghostking1800,Great game but very Hard
,Recommended,323060,20957143,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,SSQ_Ben,"I really enjoy this game, though I have a bit to say about it.  I do not recommend it for everyone, especially the Darkest Dungeon / FTL / X-COM crowd.  You will not find as much here as you might be looking for.Tharsis is a ""risk-management"" game in the same vain as X-COM and like listed above.  You have a crew of four people on a space-ship, and each turn are tasked to fix a random assortment of events that pop up.  Each event requires a certain total dice roll to fix.  The task is to fix these events, or at least enough so that your crew   / ship does not die / explode.There are more details like food, stress, and other factors, but over all this is a game of dice.  Each crew member has a different amount of dice to use per turn, and the choices that come from this become interesting.  This is the heart of the game.  Do you send your captain with 5 dice to attempt to fix an event that  will damage the ship next turn? Do you send him instead to the medical bay, hoping to heal him enough for the future?  Do you risk sending a low health person into a room where they take damage because the event will kill everyone else?I find the core concept very enjoyable.  But I need to stress for the Darkest Dungeon / FTL / X-COM crowd: This is a much shorter and simpler game.  A typical game might take about 10-20 minutes.  There are a couple of unlocks, but not else.  Once you get the formula and how to win, there is not that much game left.  Games like FTL have so many variables and unlocks that you could play for 100 hours (as many have).  Tharsis can be tapped out in about 10 or so.  Personally I like this simple, repeatable format, but it is worth being said.This is not your next 1000 hour addiction.  But it could be something to boot up every once and while, make a run at Mars for ten minutes, and try again later."
,Recommended,323060,20830982,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Apothecarrion,"Plays a lot like a board game, the dice rolling is intense with the amount of possible penalties. The setting is also very cool, with a moderately interesting story. The people complaining about the difficulty are either not familiar with survival board games like pandemic or simply dont like dice games. Difficulty leads to one of the greatest feelings of accomplishment, when you beat this game you will run around the room like an idiot, I guarantee it."
76561198000733678,Recommended,323060,20804367,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,FungiAmongi,"Solid game.A little thin on content for $15 squidoos, but hey, they just released it like two weeks ago.Suggestions to improve it  -1. Give more utility to food/cannabilism beyond just regenerating dice - maybe for example give the option to use food to generate health instead, or maybe reduce stress.2.  More beginnings, and maybe earlier beginnings, like starting from launch, that'd be pretty baller.Overall, amazing game, super tight mechanics, well designed, great art, really stands out like others have been saying in relation to other rogue-likes.But, at this point, its like an $8 game.I bought it, figuring it'd just get better over time, and im a bit of an impulse buyer.I'd still recommend it though!"
,Recommended,323060,20808528,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Worm,Really fun game actually. Reminiscent of Omega Virus to me. You basically play a board game version of stranded space ship where you're constantly patching the hull to make it to your destination. It's really great being overwhelmed feels overwhelming and just hanging on feels like you're just hannging on.
76561198052591841,Recommended,323060,20961761,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ripley,"I had a lot of fun playing this game.It seemed pretty difficult at first, but after playing it through I think it's a good challenge and very well balanced (you can't win every time, don't expect to)I would describe it like the board game 'risk'.  Strategy is the biggest part, but a really good or bad roll of the dice can sometimes totally change the game."
,Recommended,323060,20499019,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,UncertainZero,"This game is a lot of fun. It's certainly difficult and you will absolutely rage at the rng, but as you play it more you learn what to ignore and what really matters letting you tip the game in your favor.A lot of reviews will say the game is just pure random chance and the odds are always stacked against you and there's no real point to playing. After playing for around 2 hours I was feeling the same way. Then it clicked. Once you realize you don't have to clear all the events, the real strategy becomes apparent and you realize you have a lot more control over the game than first appears.Yes there's random chance and yes you can get screwed by it, but once you recognize how to play the game you'll be winning a lot more than you'll be losing."
76561198117996399,Recommended,323060,24869261,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,jwbuschhorn,"It's like the bits in FTL where your life support is on fire but you need to fix the weapons first then a missile takes down the shield...If you can stand a game that appears to have been written by the crazy AI from Space Oddyssey, this one is pretty fun."
76561197989177572,Recommended,323060,20611195,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,TU-22 Backfire,"Tharsis isn't a game you play to win. Rather, it is a game that you play merely to consistently make the best choices with the tactical scenarios and dilemmas presented to you. Every action comes with a cost, and the game is about carefully weighing the net outcomes of every action, the roll of the dice, and some tactical gambles you make on your own volition.Players can use several mechanics to augment their attempts to save the Tharsis.1. The first is research. The research pool allows you to put dice in it in order to get special abilities, effectively allowing you to ""save"" dice to get special abilities in anticipation of a rainy day. These special abilities can be reshuffled at the cost of one die, or when used, the individual slot refreshes.2. Every one of the ship's modules have a special ability, ranging from repairing the ship and replenishing food and dice if you roll enough of the same die, to one off bonuses that can help you get out of a sticky situation, such as removing stress from one team member, healing to full health, or maximising squad assists to negate environmental traps (void, injury or stasis that applies to specific die results).3. Crew members have special abilities that can be handy at the right moment, such as moving throughout the ship without taking damage, replenishing assists, reducing stress, adding die and a few more.4. At the end of every phase the crew's stress levels are calculated, and low stress crew provide sensible ""tactical"" packages that will affect your next turn.Every bonus comes with a drawback however. Healing a squad mate to full may mean using a valuable dice that rolled a 5 to heal him instead of contributing towards reducing damage that's destroying the entire ship. Getting more food may mean sacrificing ship integrity. Replenishing assists may mean sacrificing a crew member as that lethal gas leak remains unfixed, so that another crew member gets the chance to safely fix the re-entry vehicle.Expect a lot of mission failures, some of them right at the beginning of the game. However, also expect many brilliant saves. Expect the making of hard choices and solving difficult dilemmas, as you drive the crew to reach planetfall at all costs, up to the point of cannibalising the dead, or euthanising the weak or dying for food.Tharsis is a game of mathematical dilemmas and tactical options that come with a cost as you struggle to survive, like playing a chess game with the board itself always changing and in a way that stacks the odds against you, where you must use all your ingenuity to merely consistently make the best decisions with the scenarios presented to you. Recommended if you like unforgiving but winnable quick games that you play mostly for the difficulty."
76561198053388552,Recommended,323060,20586133,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Anraka,Very nice concept. It's all about the risj management and some luck. Know your modules!
,Recommended,323060,20580561,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Thanos,It's like FTL and Chainsaw Warrior had a love child. Brutally compelling.
,Recommended,323060,20597947,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,InfiniteZero,"In space, no one can you hear you eat the captain.The music is excellent. The graphics and art style are excellent. The core game is good but needs some tweaks.Suggestions:- an easier mode for beginners that at least lowers the frequency of catastrophic random events- a ""resign"" button for when you are mathematically defeated because it only adds insult to injury when you have to play out a turn that is impossible to win- random events that benefit rather than harm (at least in ""easier"" game modes)"
,Recommended,323060,20580118,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Maximus,A great risk management dice game with inspiration from games like FTL. It has both interesting dice mechanics as well as an intriguing story and lovely graphics. Absolutely worth getting!
76561198045752399,Recommended,323060,20498112,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,"Krog, Almighty Toad","If you don't like to challenge yourself then you should not buy this game. On the other hand, if your up for a good story and a fun, difficult game, this would be god for you!"
,Recommended,323060,20505921,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,MixLex-I sell ESL Series2 Pins,"Nice Game :) Some fresh new Wind !Not that much content at the moment, but i am positive that more is coming soon :)At the moment you will have fun playing this game for 5 - 15 hrs. (maybe more if you are really hyped :D)You need to decide on your own if it is worth the money at the current state of the game."
,Not Recommended,323060,20597186,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,weregamer,"I was very disappointed in this game, because it's just all chance. There's not even a learning curve, nor a feeling that one wins or loses by anything but dumb luck. I returned it for a refund."
76561198157768965,Not Recommended,323060,20514658,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,King_Isard_of_Io,"This game is impossible to beat, period.This is the last time I listen to TIME Magazine for a game review"
,Not Recommended,323060,20597302,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,K9black -AA-,This game has nothing to do with skill. After a few games you'll understand that this is a luck based game. Simply keep making new games until you luck out on dice rolls. Very disappointing.
76561198122508883,Not Recommended,323060,20591823,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,VATAN BÖLÜNMEZ,I like the game in general but the fact that there is only one level and no multiplayer is a bummer. I would recommend buying it later on through the years if it gets updated
76561197982606643,Not Recommended,323060,20593520,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mister hercule,RNG is very harsh. Far too difficult.
,Not Recommended,323060,20597487,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Evandonuts,"Tharsis is like playing the final boss of FTL with a crippled ship, 3 health from being destroyed, but everything is determined by dice rolls. It's not that it's hard, it's just not fun to have a game that is so totally left to chance, no matter what move you make."
76561198023382444,Recommended,323060,20838066,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,docluedeman,"As an old school tabletop gamer, I definitely recommend this one!!!"
,Recommended,323060,20838850,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Jammrock,"A suffering simulator, even though it is tough seeing a streamer get to a 29 game winstreak on twitch 5 of which were on hard mode, means regardless of rng I can get better.  Time to suffer like I did with FtL but suffer and love it."
76561198007301124,Recommended,323060,20658175,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Decimir,Great game! you never now what will happen next. Not an EZ win. All the moanin and groanin negative reviews is what made me want to buy this. 9 play thrus on normal i have won it once. extra crew members to unlock adds to the randomness of each play thru. If i had more thumbs they would all be up.
76561198008632317,Recommended,323060,20657860,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,PBTSAM,"It's hard AND you can't always win.The victories are AMAZING though!Got my first win and with all 4 crew members in just over about 6 hours of play time.I unlocked the one that gives you Assist, and left the +1 Die to Crew guy at home.Remove all smugness and ego at the loading screen.  This game will tear you apart if you don't!Cheaper than a Theater Movie and you'll get lots more Entertainment Value out of it!"
76561197972896495,Recommended,323060,20692787,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Toothlessjay,"I dont at all understand the doom and glooming reviews for this. Honestly if i hadn't seen an impressive PROFESSIONAL review of this game, i probably wouldve ignored it. BUT, i didnt, and I am quite pleased at the potential.First of all, yes, you will die and you will lose. BUT once you figure out the core mechanics (took me only 5-6 playthroughs) its quite manageable and enjoyable.Realize that this game is 10 turns long. Literally thats it. But catastrophy can strike at any time and you must be proactive in managing your pawns HP and dice, otherwise things can and will spiral out of control rapidly.Overall this has fun mechanics, simple to play but with complex nuances.Rewarding experience, fun for a 15-25m flight to mars, OR BUST.7/10 recommended."
76561198032123147,Recommended,323060,20671220,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ojediforce,The best part of this game is the challenge.  When you roll the dice you are faced with many possibilities.  How they roll presents you with a strategic dilema.  How you choose to spend those dice has dramatic and long term consequences for your game.  I feel that the balance is very well done.  My first few games were overwhelming but as I learned how the systme worked I came to really appreciate the subtle nuances.  I also love the unique look and feel of this game.  The graphical style and story are easily overlooked but add to the enjoyment of the experience.  If choice provisions continues to put out games like this I look forward to becoming a very loyal customer.
76561198125063049,Recommended,323060,20676749,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,cinek44,"Really good game. I dont get people complaining about ""oh its too hard"", ""oh, there is too much RNG and luck involved"".This games desktop icon is a bloody DICE ! What did you expect???I enjoyed the game for what it really is: a perfect blend between risk managment and a single player board game with RNG/luck factor.PS: The game is perfectly winnable (not every time though).Dont be a ♥♥♥♥♥ and try it out"
,Recommended,323060,20682791,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Captain ToadBeard,"If you can stand the RnG, then you find a game with an interesting story and lots of replayability (the cutscenes are different depending on the make-up of your team and how many people make it). The RnG can also be controlled through mechanics in the game and a good use of stategy."
76561197996660737,Recommended,323060,20692758,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sly da Miser,"This game is refreshingly soul crushing and frustrating to say the least. Broke my laptop in half after spending a mere 5 hours devising a detailed strategy, reaching week 7 with a relatively intact crew/ship only to get my face completely nuked off by an unrelentless plethora of voids, injuries, and stasis issues.Reset and repeat.Highly addictive and shows potential.10/10"
76561197961524862,Recommended,323060,20756941,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Rage,"A fun, challenging little game. There are definitely key strategies that you need to learn before you can be consistently successful, and while the curve is a bit steep to master them all, it's rewarding when you get there.To allay many of the negative reviews claiming this game is all luck and no skill, it isn't. Because you can see the dice rolls happening, doesn't make this any more or less about chance than any other game with probabilistic outcomes. Dice make sense because it's pairing the random outcomes with strategy. It's clever, and as fair as any other game with random outcomes - it's just a bit of a steep learning curve."
76561198041354026,Recommended,323060,20778839,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,distended,"Silly that user reviews for this game are currently ""Mixed.""This is a good (good, not great) game that many people are not recommending because they're not good at it and/or don't understand probability.  I too get the feeling that sometimes the game is too harsh, but then I stop myself before going on Steam and knocking the game and realize maybe it's because I'm not that good at it and maybe I have room for improvement.I also don't go into difficult roguelikes or however you want to classify this game with the expectation that I will win every single time I play.That being said, if you're not good at games like this, you probably will get frustrated very quickly and want to give a negative review.  But there's a good game here if you're willing to learn the ins and outs."
76561197992995404,Recommended,323060,20600060,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ZXTT95,"Won the game on normal on my 4th try, picking up the achievement for surviving 9+ incoming damage in a turn.  I thought I had a tough start, was sure the game was over on one or two later turns, but won with three surviving crew and no cannibalism.There's no doubt that the game is hard, but the fact that a twitch user has won something like his first 17 games suggests that skill is far more important than luck.  You simply need to understand the tools at your disposal, keep the important buckets full (or empty in the case of some) and consistently make the best decisions.  Your dice rolls will tend to seem more lucky if you do."
76561197989016746,Recommended,323060,20655983,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,TurnSpender,"Ignore those saying this game is unfair. It's like FTL easy mode, where you can win if you know what you're doing.Buy it, play it, learn it. If you're confused, ask in the forum and problem sloved. No reason to be scared."
,Recommended,323060,20570779,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Billy Rueben,"I didn't want to write a review until I beat it at least once. Now that I have, I need to confirm a few things:Yes, when rolling a 3 means you lose the game, you are going to roll a 3.Yes, when you are satisfied that your ship's 6 health pips is sufficient, you will have events next turn that do a total of 7 damage.And yes, when you are one turn away from winning the game, you will forget all about the events that hurt crew, and the one crewmen you sent to live in the command module will get murdered by something you didn't see.But guess what? All of this is okay. Fun, in fact. You can absolutely beat this game, and when you finally do you'll feel like a total badass (until you remember you beat it on that nooby ""normal"" mode).TLDR: A lot of fun, but expect to win only about 1 in 10 games, and only half of those losses was preventable."
76561197987565903,Recommended,323060,20560040,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Abomination72,"Loving it!It's a brutal dice game. It throws so many obstacles, the stress level of the in-game characters aren't the only one going up for sure. There are many ways to beat most of the situations by carefully planning ahead but at the same time the game can turn your luck into oblivion in an instant.It's a small game. You're not supposed to win every game and probably won't in the first few tries unless you've already seen others playing it and explaining some of the possible strategies you can take.Even after 15 or so tries, and at best getting two of the crew at the surface of Mars, it screams to try again and again.Keep your crew alive, make sure to use the abilities offered by both the crew and the modules, try to plan ahead.. and you will prevail... maybe... :)"
76561198006489992,Recommended,323060,20614361,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Captain Australia,"Game is pretty to look at and interesting/fun to play.But it's way too short.This is probably the main reason for the Mixed/Negative reviews, and I do agree with it.  It's not designed well in terms of replayability .. one play-through might take maybe 2 hours .. and yes, it's a brutal game so you have to have a few tries to get a winning play-through.But once you have done it .. you're kinda done with the game.  Yes, you can unlock other characters, so you might get another play or two out of it .. but it's a bit of a ""once you beat it delete it"" titleSo for me the only consideration is the price tag versus the amount of time/fun.I think it's a good game otherwise, so giving it a positive score .. now you should weigh up whether the $15 is worth 2 hours or so worth of enjoyment.  (I think so .. but I just think of how much I'd spend if I went to the movies or something)"
,Recommended,323060,20586860,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MarvHackerxD,"First off: This game is not broken, even though some reviewers say that. The math also works out. You just have to strategise and that is the challenge in this game! There are a lot of factors you have to watch out for. You have to keep your crew happy and have as many dice as you possibly can. There are a lot of methods to regain stuff and fix problems in your ship. Your task is to keep the balance between all the stats and spend your dice carefully. The positioning and order of the crew also make a big difference.All in all I really enjoy this game even though I lost a lot of rounds.My recommendation: Buy it, but only if you are smart enough to plan your moves carefully."
76561198018583295,Recommended,323060,20585754,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,treboR2357,"Very hard, sometimes almost unfiar, but if you like dice games and finding the right strategy you should check it out.Also has a cool electric soundtrack and nice artwork."
76561198072335888,Recommended,323060,20566595,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Puddlewhite,"TL;DR - 9/10, would have only wanted more of the same. If you get it for something less than 8 Euros (or regional equivalent), then  I'd call it a 10/10 for value/money.Long Version - If you dont like tabletop mechanics, mainly resource management and dice management, this game isn't for you. If you do, what makes this game better than others with the same mechanics is the attention to detail graphically, and the art style of the cut scenes is wonderfully paired with the voice acting (notice that the narrator changes if your captain dies). The whole story is very well paired with the mechanics. All in all, its a game to get in any sort of sale, and maybe even without one, if you like board games, or theme of space horror.EDIT: I was shocked at how many negative reviews there are. Most of them seem to be about how unbalanced the game is. And its true, as any game with randomly generated obstacles, it will sometimes hit you exactly where your team is weak. Still, I'd suggest that you dont blame the game for your lack of knowledge about dice odds. I deeply believe that making the game easier would make it worse."
76561197982891913,Recommended,323060,20857642,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tony Montana,"Great Scifi-Logic-Spaceship-TeamJourney-DieOnce-WithABitOfEventHorizonTouch-Game.Bit short though for the price, would expect to play 100% longer with 50% more features implemented.Good replay value :-)Put some money in this, if you want to support further development."
,Recommended,323060,20554715,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Calamity,"I enjoy it. Short rounds, tough choices, random elements. There is plenty of strategy to maximize your chances but you have to be flexible. For the price I paid I feel I am going to get enough time out of it.Can't wait to see the missions."
,Recommended,323060,20554772,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Commandolemon,"Fun, if frustrating RNG focused game. Cool theme, interesting story, lots of replayability"
76561198050099174,Recommended,323060,20916302,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,roop298,"Ships log 1.01.  Finaly made it to Mars after 10 hours.  I've unlocked three new crewmen along my travels and that made it easier.Getting a 3, 4 and 5 and no assists is still a killer.  Poor captain, 5 dice and 3 health.  Never saw it coming.Sheesh, we lost Tech Lee in the last week.  If it wasn't for her we'd never have released the command module for landing.Just me and the Commander left.  Awaiting our mission orders..."
,Recommended,323060,20508422,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,barwnKesteven,Tough to win due to RNG but it plays through quickly and keeps me entertained. Atmosphere and graphics are both nice and the randomness of the issues popping up keeps it from getting stale.
76561198081080270,Recommended,323060,20509409,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,palyarmerc,"Even the negative reviews are positive, they can not deny it's a brilliant idea, perfectly executed, with lovely graphics, and so addictive.This game is very well thought out, highly 'polished' as they say, and in very little need of refinement.Quite Remarkable / 10"
,Recommended,323060,20509941,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Xephos13,Space is very unforgiving.Embrace the RNG and use it to your advantage.Prepare to die. A lot.
76561197973827678,Recommended,323060,20505107,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,blackdev,"This is a hard game, rely hard!You plan your strategy, you calculated who to go were and and you have enought HP to do it. BAM! then the dice roll screw everything up. I absolut hate this game, but I cant stop playing it!RNG hates you, and you will hate RNG!"
76561198079569147,Recommended,323060,20505126,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,BurgerBob,"Yes it is difficult and there are some technical issues (mostly on OSX, just disable bloom until its fixed) but the game is really good."
76561198006569485,Recommended,323060,20501859,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,old_martini,"Very hard but great little game. Most play-throughs will be relatively short, but definitely worth the price!"
,Recommended,323060,20500323,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,GaminGaz,"Tharsis takes you on a trip between video Game and board game.  I enjoy both in my off time and this mixes them in to a wonderful game.  With each character having their special ability and each room of the ship giving extra actions to take, it creates a very strategic plan to try and survive.  With the different events happening all over the ship you have to pick your trade off, maybe take less damage on your ship but loss dice with your characters.  Along with the events come the danger inside them, lossing dice, or potentially killing your crew.  This game has a wonderful combination of stragey and adapting.  Hope that actually turn this into a Co-op Board game."
76561198015374694,Recommended,323060,20502660,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,lymerik,"I really enjoy this game. I love the difficulty and the strategy involved in it. Since you are rolling dice there is some RNG but there are many other aspects that require you to think in order to solve it.If you want a real challenge, I definitely reccomend this game."
76561198088926570,Recommended,323060,20607675,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,championjcc,"beat the game with the ideal win first time. no one died, no one ate human, no one got left behind, and the ship didn't get destroyed. i'm sure the chances of that happening on the first try are incredibly low but it happened.only con i could see is the ship info blocks out the damage to the pods."
,Not Recommended,323060,20613879,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Lun4tic,"Whomever made this game didn't stop to do the math of what's actually possible to do in any given round with the amount of dice given. When you're not dispairing over your dice rolls, which continue to move even after they've lost all momentum as if they're haunted by ghosts, you're given choices to make in between rounds which are supposed to have both a beneficial and detrimental effect to them, but you're so close to losing from the start of the game that every detriment is magnified.Not worth playing."
76561198029450434,Not Recommended,323060,20615222,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Spooderboy,"A game with an amazing idea and concept, ruined by it's mechanics and poor execution.Tharsis has a great idea behind it: A science fiction dice-roller wherein you must manage the chaos and hardship space travel often brings with it- fictional or otherwise.The thing about this is that Tharsis is either realistic and space travel is a million times more horrifying then I ever imagined, or ♥♥♥♥♥torms of the caliber I've experienced in this game are utterly exxagerated.To make a long story short: This game is punishingly hard. I've done roughly ten runs so far, and I can never, ever manage to get to the fifth week. When I can't even make it to the halfway mark on multiple tries that is a sign that the difficulty either needs to be dialed back.Defineitely keep an eye out in the future, but at the moment of me writing this (January 18th, 2016) Tharsis is not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,323060,20529138,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,BMK3000,too random good rols 30-40% of the time and too many bad events at once you clear 3 event in one turn and boom it gives you five next turn to deal with
76561198123024379,Not Recommended,323060,20547450,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Pumble,It's okay I guess but it seems there really isn't much strategy to it. Just hope you roll high. It has nice visuals though.
76561198011912280,Not Recommended,323060,20573079,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Skimy,"Read every other negative review. Because that's how I feel about this game. LOVE the idea, near Impossible to get through"
76561198178863203,Not Recommended,323060,20549334,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,darthz42,"Honestly, nice idea, but I feel like the mechanics are just awful. And the damage you take every round is more than you could ever repair. Please find a different game."
76561197993687582,Not Recommended,323060,20563413,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,XenoUK,"Ok so looked forward to this game since i first heard about it, Loved the idea, Love anything to do with space and thought looked great! Then i bought it, OMG Huge let down, More rage quits than the usual match of CSGO, I know when a games hard you can practice and get better, but this is mental, On the back foot from the start and the only way to save yourself is roll the ever decreasing amount of dice you have, Just when you get a great roll and  think im about to save the crew and ship you get a bad roll, 2 crew die and ships knackered, and thats all it takes for you to lose and why do they start half starved and low health? There just isnt a game here, So within 2 hours managed to get a refund thankfully, Huge shame as showed promise, Just dont know what they can do to save this ""Game"" Dissapointing..."
,Not Recommended,323060,21241959,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Snowb0und,"I wanted to like this game, but the difficulty feels almost entirely derived from the randomness. The excellent review from MrKaiBot really sums up my feelings. I would probably have enjoyed this on a tabletop. Or with an easy mode so I could at least experience more of the game. But it's just such a slog. It may be that as a 'near miss' the game is actually more disappointing than if it had been a complete disaster. If there's an update coming, I'd LOVE to revisit this game."
76561197995105255,Not Recommended,323060,20517898,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Quaznar,"Interesting... much like a solo board game. I'm not sure it has staying power. It wasn't trivial, but neither was it particularly impossible, and while there is skill to the game, and there are subtle ways of optimizing, I'm not sure it's overly interesting to do so.. and I'm not sure how much, at the end of the day, is going to come down to skill vs good/bad rolls/event spawns/crew sidequests."
76561198025183220,Not Recommended,323060,20518692,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,pan0ramic,"The game is fairly thin (especially for the price), and relies too heavily on RNG. For comparisson FTL has far more features and replayability for much cheaper."
,Not Recommended,323060,20520461,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Scorpion,"The idea probably comes from the movie ""The Martian"" and ""Interstellar"" combined story into a dice roll game, about a poor quality spaceship filled with the most unqualified astronauts on a route filled the most terrible randomness of hellish anomalies, never recorded or happened in the history of mankind.Perhaps life is truly 90% luck, 10% of the people trying to kick you off the cliff when you got lucky."
76561198261731639,Not Recommended,323060,20543905,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,jpscheck,The designers watched too much StarTrek.  The no win senerio is even in play in NORMAL. Dont waste your time unless you have a way of hacking the original software to make the no win winnable
,Not Recommended,323060,20562678,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Crash Burn,There is nothing wrong with a game being hard. There is something wrong with a game being mostly luck (Random events + dice rolls) being this hard.   Enjoy losing through no fault of your own? Buy this game!I would take a refund if I could.
,Not Recommended,323060,20574822,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,OverWatchX,Great concept.Potential for much fun.TOOOO  HARD!!!!!!! (sought refund until it can be further developed or balanced)
,Not Recommended,323060,20575539,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,[bot] Russ (ver 1.0002),Simply primitive. Simply unbalanced. Annoying game
76561198054349982,Recommended,323060,20568858,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,farrod_3000,"This Game Is Fracking awsome, folks want a game thats to hard with a hint of ez and that just plain sad; now a day this game is in tune with new school and old school and had just the right amount of scifi art and flare for the imagination to work with it and the devs it hit it right on the nail!!! Your not gonna win all the time but when you do OMG the feelin of accomplishment is Sweeeeet!!! so if you want a game that is has a bit of new school and old school an wont be a cake walk this is the game that also pleases a craving for scifi space chance(roll of the dice) horror SO awsome Game Dev's may we please have another when the time is right."
,Not Recommended,323060,20565252,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,NoTomorrow,"A coin flip can be more fun than this game.How bad is RNG you may ask?Suppose you have 12 dices.You need to obtain a sum of 26 with them, BUT! you can only roll 1 or 2 or 3. If you roll 4,5,6 you instantly lose the respective dice. (the game calls these Hazard Dice). It's literally what i got in the game."
76561198273730762,Recommended,323060,21304297,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Kate Vogue,"This game is highly addictive.  It is a very challenging game, but has really high replayability. As soon as I lose (and trust me, I've lost a lot), I immediately try again and can play the game twenty times in a row until I beat it. And even after I've won, there are still more challenges to keep me coming back like hard mode, trying to unlock all the characters, trying to get a higher end score, and getting all of the achievements. If you like dice games, you'll love this."
76561198010418156,Recommended,323060,23618163,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,wraith,"crisis management simulatorif the dice love you then your elite team of specialists can handle the tasks at least long enough to get to marsif the dice hate you then your ship may aswell be a pringles can filled with holes, radiation and fire"
76561198203087786,Recommended,323060,20777253,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,jheidibug,"If you love critical thinking games where strategy is key and sometimes sacrifices have to be made, this is the game for you. Tons of replay value. Very much like a board game with the use of dice and using different team roles to the fullest. Think Pandemic (the tabletop game), but in space on a trip to Mars. Absolutely love this game. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198075248677,Not Recommended,323060,29790698,Posted: 8 February,all,Mamba,"2.6 hrs when writeing review... Hmmm...Normaly I would myself disguard any review with this little playtime. So whats going on here..??Well, let me put it like this.There is a reason all of the reviews on this game, positive and negatives, have such short playtime on record.It only takes a cuple of minutes to beat the game (Probably the 0.6 hrs part of my playtime).The last 2 hours have felt borring and repeditive.And as such I can not recommend it to anyone at a full price of 14,99€. Not even close to worth that value imo.If you are into games of chance/dice then you could consider putting this game on the wishlist and pick it up at a 75% (or more) discount.For the full price you can get much better value elsewhere (for example FTL which has a ton of replayabilaty. And even at a lower price tag)"
,Recommended,323060,20718199,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,GG™ | Bambi,"Very fun, endless combinations."
76561198007859282,Recommended,323060,20890120,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,CarnageINC,"My first review of a game here.  I think Tharsis is sorta getting a bad rap here due to the 'randomish' factor people complain about.  I believe most of that is due to not quite understanding the strategy of the game enough.  Its about risk and resource management; your die, your food, your health and your ship hit points.  Tharsis crew placement and die generation is key to winning.   If you do these things poorly you will lose most missions.Sending your crew to certain comparments to utilize their special ability isn't always the smartest play.  A best helpful tip, IMO, is on turn one generate as much food or die as possible.  So long as you have one health per crew and 1 ship hit point after turn one you should be set for the rest of the game, in most cases."
,Recommended,323060,20501934,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Vexing Vision,"Mars. They call it the red planet, and never has been a nomer more apt.I stare out of the landing capsule's smoked windows as I enter the barren planet's atmosphere. Its bleak landscape is a fitting reminder of the bleakness with in me, my heart as empty as my stomach, the last proper meal three weeks ago. I still shudder at what that meal consisted of, but it was this or starvation.And we had a mission to complete.A warning signal blinks continuously in the corner, indicating a system failure inside the cockpit. We never got around fixing it since things started to break down.And break down they did.Our pilot was the first to go, barely a week after the initial accident that kicked off the catastrophe, a subsystem in our life support module malfunctioning. He had been certain of being able to fix it. His dying scream still echoes through my communicator.Our specialist confessed at hiding some food outside the airlock. I ordered her to fetch it, knowing the price she'd pay for it. It was the first proper food the Doctor and me shared. It was the last.With Mars in sight, the ship threatened to break apart. I exchanged a last look with the Doctor - I was too injured to make it to the maintenance module to duct tape the ship together long enough to reach Mars. She would have to stay behind, or we both would.Mars. The red planet. It has earned its name in these past weeks.The solitude is breaking me. And all I can think of what a waste it was to send the Doctor away to die alone inside the ship, for what use was her meat up there in the cold emptiness of space when there is this gnawing hunger still inside of me?Tharsis is a game of dark stories that hide behind difficult decisions and strategic application of dice and crew talents, a fine mixture of Darkest Dungeon and FTL. I wish there was more variety to the story, but I'm committed to bring each crew member down on the red planet's surface at least once."
,Recommended,323060,20505077,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Tani-sensei,"A nice game about strategy, a real boardgame style game. This is one that I think could be a boardgame, though it would need to have more elements to it, to enable coop play. It has short but nerve wrecking sessions. It would be nice to have linux support, if it worked in wine it would be good enough. I also think that the form factor and mechanics would mesh well with a tablet/phone gameplay.I plan on wasting a lot of hours on this game, fits well in my needs of having a fast game to play from time to time."
,Recommended,323060,20497780,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TheGirlArtist,"This game is wonderful in the challanging sense. It needs much more story, though. I beat the game in 4hrs. Replaying it probably over 30 times in those 4hrs because you die, alot.Over all, the random chance of it makes it very replayable and the difficulty makes it worth challanging yourself. I wouldn't pay the full 15 for it though, with how short and how little story there is."
,Recommended,323060,20504384,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,El Cortez,"If they added more content i would absolutely recommend it. This is the biggest flaw. Compared to other games of genre, replay value is lower and there is simply less to unlock or do. I think they will add more ""missions"" in the future, but until then i feel the game is a bit overpriced.The gameplay is exactly what one might anticipate, heavy RNG.A good strategy can alleviate bad RNG, at least to a certain extend. Expect to lose often due to bad rolls.There isnt really a lot of story. The narrative is well done.I do recommend you check it out when its on sale, or perhaps when they add more content."
,Recommended,323060,20500319,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lelic plz fix panther command,"Hey guys,After playing this game for solid 4 hours straight, I believe I've got a pretty good grasp on what the game is about! So here we go:---- Pros ----- Excellent graphics, it really is an artistically satisfying game that really excels in the module screens and dice effects, including spraying blood all over your 'board' when you eat your crew mates. In addition to this, it runs really well, not getting too much lag or anything on a MacBook, so happy with that :)- Moderate learning curve, and when I say 'moderate' I mean you'll spend the first 30 minutes working out what the hell you have to with all these dice, and all these abilities, and then it'll all generally make sense. And from there, your fate is in the hands of the RNG gods.- Diverse, you'll always be thinking ""What the hell is ""OAM Failure"" ? and then finding out that the most vital part of your ship is on fire. Or the fire containment systems aren't working...because they're on fire. It makes for an entertaining game that always seems to surprise you with words and disasters, and then adds insult to injury by blocking 4,5,6 rolls on a 30 repair.--- Cons ---- Difficulty, this game is incredibly difficult. Out of 30+ games I've played in 4 hours, I have yet to get past Turn 8. It is not for the faint hearted, or those who dislike being in tough situations. You WILL choose to eat your crew mates at some point, and you will smash your desk and yell ""Why?!"" but if you can handle the severity of the RNG God's wrath, you'll do fine.- Dependance on RNG, as I mentioned above, it is 99% dependant on what you roll. You can have the most skilled crew with full dice, but roll all 1's on a 1 Injury roll and lose one of them. Or receive 3 25+ repair problems in one go. It's 70% RNG, 30% strategy, and even then your strategy is dependant on what the RNG throws at you.- Repetitive, the game becomes repetitive quickly, and you seem to find yourself repairing the same module that you repaired 2 minutes ago, and then suddenly everything is on fire. I've quit many games turns before I would've lost due to the ability to see I'm going to lose. The game becomes predictable in everything but the dice rolls, and how hard it's going to make you rage.- Price, at the price I bought it, AUD$9-ish, it's worth it. I enjoyed my time learning the game, and enjoyed my time screaming at it in agony, but in its current state, it is not worth more than that due to the inevitable repetition that comes with a game based so heavily on RNG.Conclusion:Overall, I would recommend this game due to the fact that it is literally less than a week old, and in its current state, it is a great game, if not annoying at times. I don't know what the devs are like, but watching their videos that they've released, they seem quite into the game, and I believe that they will listen to the community and really make the game a space strategy, not space monopoly.Cheers for reading, peace!"
76561198099904974,Recommended,323060,20586155,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,dXthZ,"Very good little game. Play smart to get the best probabilities with you. Finished after 8 hours, so not that hard. Every character is specialized and it needs to be used, with good choices come Mars !"
76561198027827247,Recommended,323060,20500669,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Detlef Fleisher,"I like dice rolling board games. And this is pretty much a dice rolling board game, but a computer game. So I like it."
76561198023688157,Recommended,323060,20588271,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SuperJew,"The game is fun, and not as brutal as everyone is saying. Normal mode is actually fairly easy, good way to get the hang of the mechanics. Once you've done that, though, play it on Hard. It's almost too easy otherwise, as long as you're paying attention and keeping your resources up.On hard mode, it comes down a little more to chance, where good planning can give an advantage, but you may still be destroyed or saved by dice rolls, which is perfect for any fans of classic dice rolling games.Added note: I almost gave this a NO vote simply because of the amount of content vs. the price. Fun as it is, I don't feel quite like I got the worth of a $10 game (it was on sale), and I really didn't feel that it was worth the $15 normal price. If they add more content (apparently they're working on ""missions"", could be interesting), or if the price comes down to 5-ish bucks, I would be more comfortable recommending this game whole-heartedly"
,Recommended,323060,20578222,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,castlec,"This is a fantastic board game. Pls remember, if it include dice, it has RNG, and that's not the reason to give a negative review. And pls, if you manage everything well, you will beat it.Edit:Took me 4 hours total across 3 days to reach MARS for the first time. It's challenging and very strategical. Every round you need to calculate the limit and have to make the best decision.In the last round, only one member has 4 HP, and the others all have 1 HP, and my ship is nearly dead (only 1HP on ship and the incoming damage is 3). I manage to send the captain to the flight control room(he has 4HP 1Dice and lose 3HP passing thru the ship from end to the front control panel), roll a dice with number of 5 and enable the ""no movement damage"" mode. This free the other 3 members with conbined 3HP rush into the maintainence room and repair the ship(add 3HP on ship). The ship now has 4HP and survived the incoming 3DMG.Finally I made it to MARS. It's a long and painful process, but I made it at least.I'll definitely play more in the future, with the newly unlocked new characters. Now, I need to take a break.  :)It is definitely a unique idea and it works well in the final product."
76561197971944139,Not Recommended,323060,20499364,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,PHAELANX,"I chose to not recommend this game, as it is difficulty factor on normal = DarkSouls2 x infinity.You start with 4 astronauts (and you only get to use 4, even if you unlock others).The game begins with a few random events, hopefully nothing terribly hard. But then... You eat your last food. You start running low on dice to accomplish repairs, no food regain your dice... Then... Then you send your doctor to a room that hurts them just to enter, they roll the few dice they have an BOOM! Multiple injuries and they die...You feel frustrated - the doctor was one of the most valuable astronauts on your team.With the remaining 3 astronauts struggling to keep their life boat together, their stomachs growing... The doctor provides their last corageous act - Nom nom nom nom nom...With bloody dice your 3 remaining crew are faced with massive disasters, radiation pouring from the lab, O2 scrubbers busted, and huge gaping hole in your command pod. Feeling full, but somehow cursed, your crew roll one's and two's hitting stasis fields and injuries, and fail to repair all the damage.The ship tears apart as the crew drift off to find the meaning of life.... Vacuos death.The end.Challenge 5/7"
76561198013890539,Not Recommended,323060,20532130,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,[BJDE] Override9636,"Don't you hate games that have learning curves? Wouldn't you rather play a game where you're no better at it after playing  it 20 times than when you started? Then you'll love ""Random Number Generator to Mars!""Visually, it's good. Music is good. Voice acting is a plus. I wouldn't know if the story is any good because I keep failing after 3 turns."
76561198027342207,Not Recommended,323060,20578322,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kirito,"To unlock anything you need to grind over the same short missions again and again, Once you do unlock anything since your save data seems to be stored in the cloud and constantly lost... you need to do it all over again.Good good for the first 30 mins maybe, but after that it becomes old. Not worth it."
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,323060,20541190,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"Besides the fact that rolling dice isn't much fun, you'll also have to deal with the rng game mechanics that are horribly stacked against you.  This game is so random that describing this game as a strategy game is down right dishonest; no amount of strategy can over come the obstacles you will face."
,Not Recommended,323060,20560946,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,htranou,"your choices don't really matter. RNG decides when you die just by putting impossible tasks, no need to throw dices."
,Not Recommended,323060,20562436,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dbl,"i have played FTL in the past. a game which also has RNG, also is turn based. If you played FTL you will probably interested in this game too.However right now i would not reccommend this game at all.t is poorly balanced. Right now in order to possibly beat it the game expects you to roll an average of 5+ nonstop in order to not have things exploding nonstop.Usually i really love hard games. FTL i also played on hard, but this game is just rediculous"
76561198014839167,Recommended,323060,20697546,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mad Mod,"great game, very challenging"
76561198013574515,Not Recommended,323060,24748053,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,nicovanbelle,It's actually a 'mini-game' that takes about 10 - 40 minutes depending on your success or failure.The mechanics are good but it has not that much content all together. I like it but I do not think I will continue to play it after a couple of tries..
,Recommended,323060,20596430,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,gorans,"I don’t do game reviews, but this game needs a balanced review.The vast majority of negative reviews focus on the fact they played a game and couldn’t win. If this argument was valid than games like Nuclear Throne, VVVVVV, N and Spelunky should have very poor ratings.The next assumption is, that it takes luck to win the game. Currently a streamer has a winning streak of 17 games and he’s still going. That would be impossible if luck the primary mechanic of the game.And finally - Tharsis is not “Brutally hard” at all. It is quite possible to win 4 out of 5 games on normal level. It does require thinking, planning and an understanding of probabilities. But this is exactly what a rogue-like dice game should be about.The mechanics of the game are quite diverse. You’re controlling a crew of four astronauts. Each of them has up to 6 health points and up to 5 dice. Your ship has up to 8 health points and 7 modules where crew and negative events can be located. Your mission is to bring the ship and at least one member alive on Mars.The dice in this game are your action points. Once you deploy a crew-member into a module, you roll his dice and decide how to spend them. The dice are spent to remove the negative events that threaten your ship, to enable special features of each ship, to enable special abilities of your crew-member, or deposited into research bar that enables special actions.As an added complication, each turn begins with a choice between two or three options. These will give you more dice but reduce health, repair the ship but increase stress levels of your crew, in various combinations. If your crew has high levels of stress then the choices will get worse. So you should manage that as well.The whole game now revolves around managing your resources and prioritizing the threats. Although it seems like you’re quickly overwhelmed with problems, if you make reasonable choices, you will likely land on Mars.If this sounds like something you like, then don’t worry about negative reviews and get the game. There’s enough videos around to get a good feel for the game-play and you can always get a refund."
,Recommended,323060,20535762,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Stare,"""Ground Control to Major Tom, your circuit's dead, there's something wrong""Space Oddity, David BowieYou couldn't of timed the release of this game more correctly, the thematic design is so strong; it evokes 1970s throughout."
,Recommended,323060,20534528,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,RangerJoe,"I love those crisis management scenes in sci-fi television shows and movies.  The scenes where the crew acts together to solve various catastophies, even sacrificing themselves for their crewmates and ship. Tharsis scratches that particular itch."
,Recommended,323060,20497011,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,varisophy,"Frustrating as hell, but endlessly fun. Just advancing one more week than the last five times you tried is very rewarding! If you don't like getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you every once in a while due to random chance, this game is not for you. It's a great ""video game boardgame"", in the same spirit as Pandemic and other games that can complete screw you over, all while making you want more."
,Recommended,323060,20502754,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Hethwill,"Tharsis is a computerized board game. Nothing less than that and has a charisma of its own.It is ""solitaire"" mode in the sense that, unlike most board games, you play it single player.What Tharsis is not is a normal streamlined computer game. It shows you all the calculations, events and results instead of just relying on options and have underlying mechanics to deal with the stuff for you.Nope. You will be making choices while moving your pawns, rolling dice and suffer a lot while seeing the whole plan gone awry because of the random events happening during a hazzardous space trip to Mars. Yes. Pure board game events drawn from a deck or similar.So, with 4 pawns representing crew members the player will have to play a crisis management type of game with the absolute certainty that is impossible to solve everything - yes, this is the motto of the game as I see it ""You shall not be able to solve everything everytime and someone will have to sacrificed..."".This might seem harsh to many players but all in all is a great basis for a good anti-hero type of game.The graphics and music and sounds are pleasant enough and I can totally see the graphics being illustrations as part of a true to form board game, that's how cool they are.Given the price it is being sold and the replayability factor this is a solid buy if you happen to like board games, especially the ones with a original type of rules where winning is important but the choices made all the way to winning is definitely what makes winning more interesting.Rule #1 of Tharsis - You will not be able to beat the events everytime everywhere.Rule #2 of Tharsis - Everytime something different will happen. There are no winning formulas.Rule #3 of Tharsis - FTL has no place here. FTL is not a board game.Totally recommended.Would spend more money on great computer board games that show this type of originality."
,Recommended,323060,20494170,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Neon_Prototype,"Played my first half an hour, the game promises to be difficult, and it certainly is. Still, it's an enjoyable amount of difficulty with the added bonus of bad games only lasting a short amount of time!"
76561197997764520,Recommended,323060,20555905,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Audiodragon,"Bu oyun hakkında bilmeniz gereken şeyler şunlar:1) Şansa dayalı zar oyunu.2) Uzayda geçen hayatta kalma oyunu.İkisi birleşince epey eğlendirici bir oyun çıkmış, fakat rng öptüğünde sinirleniyoranız sizlik değil. Oyundaki kontrolünüz sandığınızdan fazla olsa da düşük zarlar geldi mi oyun başladığı anda bitebiliyor."
,Not Recommended,323060,20516291,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Science Fact,It was the playthrough where there was literally no way to get past the 2nd round no matter what I did or rolled that put the nail in the coffin on this one. Did they even test their game?
76561198061671546,Not Recommended,323060,20533123,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sciophyte,"Tharsis is missing something vital: a button on the game screen that says ""I give up."" Because in 99 out of a hundred games, you will want to do just that as the RNG, halfway through though frequently much sooner, tells you in no uncertain terms that you no longer have any chance at all of winning. What masochist would keep playing under such circumstances?Obviously the single incentive to keep spending time with this evil little slot machine is the hope that drives any gambler: ""Maybe this time!"" That's it.Fair enough. But when the main draw of a game is the endless drudgery of trying and failing again and again, at least make it quick and easy to abort and start over instead of forcing us to quit because the escape key doesn't respond except at the end of a round. There's a reason one-armed bandits are operated with a lever."
76561198030080010,Not Recommended,323060,20576027,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Cypher-D,"Despite a refreshing game mechanic, with new and ingenious levels of strategy, I cannot wholeheartedly recommend this game.Simply put, for a game that dramatically relies on your actions and successes to progress, there is no actual correlation between how well you perform (or how lucky you get) to how well the story is going. To elaborate, events will happen in the story regardless of how well you do in a level.<spoiler>At an earlier point, my food stores were near full, but the story cutscene still said that we are low on supplies. Then at another point, one of my crew members was just killed, but the cutscene tells me that the crew is trying to reassure me that I'm being paranoid about being a poor leader (maybe I just understood it that way). <end spoiler>Perhaps if my actions affected the story more than simply advancing it, then I would recommend this game.Then there is the story itself, which ends in a very anti-climactic way.<spoiler>This wouldn't be so bad, but you literally see the end coming two cutscenes before the actual ending <end spoilers>.Still, I had fun playing the game, and if it made any difference to play it multiple times storywise, I would totally still be playing it. But I was able to finish the game after 3 tries (each attempt lasting around 20 to thirty minutes), and the achievements and extra characters are not really that enticing.So in the end, this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ and kick it hard. But the pay off is so small, all that pain and frustration really isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,323060,20513805,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,seriouslag,"I bought the game thinking it would be similar to FTL.I died within 10mins and thought this game was going to an interesting challenge.Tried again and beat the game.About 1 hour played and a few game crashes, the credits started to roll.I requested a refund and got it. It was worth getting a refund for...."
76561198022888470,Not Recommended,323060,20565154,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Danjal,"I can't in good conscience recommend this title.The premise is great, this has the right ingredients to be a really enjoyable game.*BUT*... You're entirely at the whims of RNG.The initial story is quite interesting and suggests there is atleast some mystery to be solved.And I did read there are multiple endings to reach - though I don't know the extent of that.On top of that there are plans for future content to be added overtime.All of that is good.However if you have to go through a dozen failed runs. Not because you made a mistake.But because the game just outright decided to mess you up with random events and poor dicerolls?It starts off when your characters get their dice given to them. This alone can really mess you up.Having the wrong character with low dice? Forget that first turn.Then comes number two, which is the random events. Sometimes you get events that you can essentially ignore because their ""damage"" is inconsequential (a SYSFAIL on a system you wouldn't use for example).Other times you simply get a chain of damage ship, damage crew and lose dice events one after another.Making losing out on any one of them immediately a lost run.Even if you get past that, then you have the hazard dice. Getting ""stasis"" dice is probably your best bet, though can lock you down for solving the challenge. Getting two or even three ""injury"" dice and a single bad roll can outright kill a character. Getting a few void dice can simply make it so you can not resolve an event meaning it stick around and next turn you get two or three MORE events on top.The ""assist"" function seems to work from left to right as the hazard dice are displayed. So say you have one assist, and both a stasis AND an injury dice (in that order). Then the stasis gets assisted and your character will get hit.You can't even plan around it and put the assists on hazards of your choosing.If you like RNG? Then this is for you, because if there is one thing Tharsis excels at its putting RNG into its RNG to RNG its RNG.I hope you're a follower of RNGeesus, cause you're going to need it with Tharsis."
,Not Recommended,323060,20561615,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,onotadaki,"Feels great, needs serious balancing to make this playable.I am constantly running into situations where I have absolutely no control over a loss.  It's supposed to be obscenely difficult, not actually physically impossible."
76561197969945993,Recommended,323060,20669600,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Loki,"Brutal game, but loved it when I finally made it to mars I was so HAPPY :D!!!!!!!!! and no canibalism!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,323060,20815356,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Orbital Tone,"While the game is interesting, at it's current price point feels too high, the game lacks a lot of depth and when you ""finish"" you're left with this confusing mess of a story that didn't answer any questions that the game set up."
,Not Recommended,323060,20546361,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,GavaX >.<,"The premise of the game looked good, seemed interesting but the amount of 'bad rolls' you get per round is unreal, I went 3 rounds in a row where I managed to clear EVERYTHING, have food and decent health, and in the next round got screwed with 4 damaged rooms, with the most horrendous injury and void rolls you've ever seen.The game is so RNG that decision making means very little tbh.I refunded it almost immediately."
76561198047504592,Recommended,323060,20551611,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ColicMite,"*Low hours are decieving, I've played alot offline.This game is getting mixed reviews and I totally expected it, its not for everyone. The dice may be pure RNG, but the mechanics have good work arounds for it to make the game a true risk/resource management game. Each crew has a unique ability, each room has a unique ability and research can trigger unique bonuses and events, meaning that despite the dice gods smiting you, its still possible to make bad rolls work for you.Something about this game is truly addicting to play (though I dont imagine watching it on youtube would be to enthralling). You will fail, and fail alot. It took me about twenty attempts to finally make it to Mars. The negatives are that the game is hard, even on normal its truly unforgiving. Sometimes you're best just isn't good enough and everyone dies horribly. So if that sounds like something that would frustrate the heck out of you rather than challenge you to try again then it might be best to wait for this game on sale.The Pro's: The graphics sure arn't revolutionary but they are actually a good fit for this game. The panicked, flighty looks on your commander when she's on low health, the relaxed semi-stoned look your mechanic has when he's low stress and  is well fed, or the nerotic teeth chattering of your technician after she's eaten too much long pork.The game itself is fun A.F. I've burst into fist pumping fits when my mechanic put out a massive electrical fire single handedly by himself and cringed when the bloody dice remind me that all the energy that crewman has is because they ate their friend. I dont remember their names, they are just skills to me, they die to often. They are mechanic, pilot, doctor to me and a precious source of food when they expire, I just can't bear to learn their names, except for Yuri the Russian pilot who I assume is so loaded on Vodka he goes every where EVA, because why the hell not.In conclusion: 9/10 a great time waster with a better ending than Mass Effect 3."
,Recommended,323060,20499999,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kalogrym,"Wow, what a great game.Like other people have said its a bit on the challenging side, but it's nothing that can't be learned. I actually think the game is rather cleaver in design and really gets you thinking about strategy and sacrifices in order to keep the ship alive.Definately worth the price of admission and then some. I'm excited to see what else is in line DLC wise for this game. It's really a treat."
,Not Recommended,323060,20495193,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,The Green Horned,Lack of replay value. Generally unenjoyable as an experience. I just wouldn't suggest it.
76561197985639467,Not Recommended,323060,20552214,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Tri-M,"This game sounded and looked so much like something i'd wanted to play. After playing for 45mins i just felt hollow.Whats wrong with this game?  All you ever get is bad.- Each turn something bad happens.- If you don't or can't solve a problem this turn its just added to the problems next turn.- Nothing is free. If you want food you have to work for it, and not only that you have to randomly match 2-3 diceSo what this means if things aren't going your way, you may as well restart and hope for less bad luck.For this to work i need hope. Some ray of light, but for most my time with the game i just felt like opening the air lock and getting it over with."
76561198012466367,Recommended,323060,20712430,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,mcy,"I almost never buy a game rated as low as mixed, for I think Steam ratings are inflated anyways, but I gave this one a chance. Here's why: Negative reviews tell a lot more about the game than positive ones, and the negative reviews here tols me this game could be good.See, there's this new kind of gamer, bred by the industry's 'no kid left behind' policy that, no matter what they do, even if they randomly click around, they will win in a single player game. That's not a credo upheld by board games. This sort of game aims to give you a challenge, even if you are good at it. When that sort of a player meets this sort of a game, there is frustration. To me, 'challenging' is a good quality, so I gave it a look.So, knowing nothing about the game, I lost 8 straight, then won, with 1 crew with 1 health surviving, then with full crew with full health or thereabout on 10th game, all within the first hour of play. Yes, normal mode is fairly simple when you know what you are doing. The odds to win is lower on hard more, of course, and it took 20 odd games to beat it. So this is like a game of minesweeper, you play to the best of your ability and even then, you only win some of the time. That's far better in my books than a game you win all the time, get bored, and throw away.The aggrevating thing is that people who know nothing about balancing a game whine about broken balance all the time. This is no different. What is a letdown for me is that there is not enough content yet, but the 'missions' thing seem to be a promise that there is more to come. So, I look forward to it, and I have no problem with the fact that the dev team devote their time to creating that content instead of dumbing down their game.(Although it may be a good idea for them to add an easy more for people to ease into, reaching into a larger audience, to boost their sales.)"
,Not Recommended,323060,20572719,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,🐧 crow,"it's like playing yahtzee by yourself. utter, utter garbage."
,Not Recommended,323060,20498674,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,CryonicSuspension,"Explanation of the game mechanics:http://www.tharsis.space/tutorial/I really enjoyed the game mechanics and thoughtfulness, that was put into the game. On my second play through, I got 2 weeks prior to landing on Mars ( before an X-Ray disaster & unlucky dice rolls wiped out my team, which I found amusing  at the time ).On the other 3 play throughs, my eyes would pop out of my head. I am incredulous at how the game throws cascading, unsolvable, hull damage events at you. It's like being expected to survive a plane disaster where three engines fall off, part of a wing falls off and part of the tail falls off. It's so laughable! You take health damage moving through damaged sections of the space shuttle, which is a huge stumbling block.In retrospect, I think that I only made it as far as I did in my second play through because of a couple of lucky 6's ( combined with a lot of thought and planning ).Fine balance tweaks would make this a great game but as it stands, I can't recommend this game and obtained a refund ( I'm on the fence about the refund because I had *so* much fun and honestly want to keep playing it! ).What I'd like to see:- Tone down the sheer number of ridonkulous hull damage events.- Make assists more useful ( instead of being automatic negations, allow the player to actually choose which rolls to assist with ). Being able to choose between injuries, voids and stasis would add amazing strategic value? Maybe a ""Tactical Computer"" could be a special project, that would enable that? Maybe you could have multiple styles of gameplay? One would be the messed up Darkest Dungeon style that you seem to be going for and the other a more strategic style of game play?- Play test your game for balance, before releasing it?- If this is ""normal"" difficulty, I'd hate to see what Hard looks like?- Are we really expected to grind for ""better"" characters? The doctor and mechanic have the most value with the specialist & captain having the least?- If you change the game, put out a demo?"
,Recommended,323060,21582088,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Drakhai,"It's a very nice indy title. I never encountered any bugs or glitches, and that is something I really appriciate. It feels well made in a technical sense. At no point does it feel like they overreached, and I think that is laudable. I think indy devs commonly make the mistake of trying to do too many things and then they run out of funds inevitably and you end up with something half baked. This is fully baked. Enough said about that.I'm not sure what I would categorize this game as, but it's not a rogue like. Initially I was looking for something similar to FTL in some way, but this is not a game like Faster Than Light in any way. In some ways it's a better game. It has a better presentation. By that I mean high quality visuals used to make great art direction shine. That combined with the music, and the way they present their story leads to an atmosphere that is thick, heavy, brooding, tense. I believe my little characters are in a desperate situation. I really appriciate that they were going for a sense of realism in their presentation even if the premise of the game is somewhat fantastical. I think it works very well.It's a good game for short stints. Half an hour here, ten minutes there, perhaps the most atmospheric one armed bandit ever made. That's kind of how I see the game play, as sort of a Rogue Gambler.  Or a terrifying game of dice. Survival Jahtzee? Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, and that is partly luck, though I wouldn't get back to it if skill wasn't also a factor.My only critizism is the placement of the toturial video button. It is terrible. I must have clicked that button a hundred times by now, just because it is placed where one would expect a ""NEXT"" or ""CONTINUE"" button to be. It's so prominent and clicking it is a muscle memory thing for me. This has never happened to me in any other game. Please, for the love of all that is holy, move that button to the left, or top of the screen. Please, I beg of you."
,Not Recommended,323060,20554638,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,subsphinx,ADD AN OPTION TO QUIT THE GAME IMMEDIATELY AT ANY TIME!
,Recommended,323060,20497708,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,BlueJester,"Tharsis is a tough game. No doubt about it. However, the difficulty makes it more rewarding when you finally get your♥♥♥♥♥to Mars. This game made me feel like I had done something great. It's a feeling I've not had from a video game in quite some time. This game is sorta like a cross between Yatzee and FTL. Sometimes there are RNG factors, but there are tough decisions at every turn making it clear there is definetly a strategy. The game is very well thought out and there is very rarely a time you're stuck with nothing to do. I would recommend this game to anyone willing to accept a mental challenge. This is not your Grandma's kind of board game. Don't be afraid to eat your friends! They are delicious!"
76561198014755163,Not Recommended,323060,20518134,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,gabe.oakes,"The problem with this game is not that it's hard, it's that winning or losing has nothing whatsoever to do with skill. There's no strategies to employ, no lessons to learn for next time, no way to get better. Just the capricious whims of a game designed to be a frustrating as possible. And that's on ""normal"" mode. I can only assume ""hard"" means you're lucky if your crew survives the first turn instead of being able to survive until the fifth before the ship blows up."
,Not Recommended,323060,20551550,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lumiare,"I'm fine with constantly dying/losing to bad RNG, but the fact that their UI makes it literally faster to exit the game and re-enter it instead of waiting for all the ""YOU LOSE"" animations to complete just to start again is terrible.That, and unlike other ""challenging"" games the challenge is entirely RNG; there's no learning curve involved in getting less lucky on dice roles."
76561198030858948,Not Recommended,323060,20560621,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,tiferet,"I understand I am not supposed to win every time I played, but this game needs difficulty tuned down. This comes from hardcore stategy nut with 20+ years of experience. Not sure whether to recommend it or not.... Good concept, but gettng the ship under control and receiving three hits in a turn (27, 22 and 16) that kinda deprsesses... probably not recommend.. for now UPD 33, 28, 16 hits with total -5 to ship in one turn! I am laughing... no, guys you need to fix this to make it playable"
76561198031128550,Recommended,323060,20498415,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,tcbscott,"One game in, and I'm ready to roll again.  A neat solo strategy boardgame on PC.  Get to roll dice, but allocate them in different spots, similar to Kingsburg, sort of.It's challenging, we'll see how future games go!"
76561198008322068,Recommended,323060,20486311,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,splancer,"This is a board game in the spirit of cooperatives like 'Pandemic' and 'Forbidden Desert'.  Each character contributes to the end goal by conducting repairs.  The act of repairing may result in injury to crew or damage.  Each turn [week in game terms] requires tradeoff decision with a benefit and harm. If you make it through 10 cycles you win.  By design these types of games have a high failure rate and it is not due to difficulty, but because without at least an 80% fail rate it would be unplayable.   The whole point is to create tension over the decisions you make. Very well done theme and very enjoyable to fans of the genre.  Nice that the setting/theme is hard sci fi.  No goofy aliens or talking pets.Update- I finally won on 13th try.  Interesting final turn.  Looking forward to new missions, but will replay with new unlocked crew members."
76561198074245934,Recommended,323060,20500511,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Don,"It´s a carefull thumbs up, the price first of all is a bit high for a game that can be extremely short if you do not wish to replay it after finishing it, took me about less than an hour to finish it with much luck on the RNG departement. With that said every run is different, so there is room for replayability and the devs do intend to add content.Tharsis is basically a board game with lots of dice and you are at the mercy of three major RNG events, the first is to see which cards you are dealt in terms of hazards to the ship. The second is actually getting the right dice to manage those events and the third is choosing stuff for your crew which has both positive and negative impacts.There is strategy in it since various modules of your ship offer different bonuses, the characters also have abilities and you have to dictate priorities right in order to succeed, that is if you get the right dice.If you hate losing, dont buy this game."
,Recommended,323060,26320138,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Quickr,"It's bloody hard and fun and unpredictable and I love it! :)No matter how great things are going for you, you are two bad dice rolls away from eating a crew member."
76561198119070321,Recommended,323060,29028164,Posted: 4 January,all,Kefalos,"Wow this is a great game, and I love it, but word of warning it is not for everyone. Basically if you enjoy board games that focus on survival this will be right up your alley.The concept of the game is that you are on a spacecraft with different modules, and crew members. As you progress towards your mission on Mars you learn more of the story, and at the same time deadly things go wrong with the ship. You are often having to balance multiple objectives, and weigh risks of sending certain crew members to complete a task.Ultimately this is a dice rolling game, and obviously dice-rolls and events are random and up to chance--so it is true that sometimes you will survive by shear luck, however for those who say it is only up to luck are really missing out on a deep game that has you making clever decisions and sometimes sacrifices to pull through the mission. For those who want to know: In short you have to factor in the integrity of the ship's hull, life points of your crew members, actions of your crew members (as represented by dice roles, and increased with food), stress/sanity of your crew, and science (which gives you unique and helpful bonuses). And then you have to balance these with the effects of damaged modules, cost of repairing them, and risks to your crew members in doing so.The music is great and fits with the game, but can get a bit repatitive, ditto with the sound. The visuals are gorgeous, and I just love the way they represented the ship and dice roles. It really adds a level of tension to this game that you just wouldn't get it if it was an actual board game, although I imagine they may make a board game of this someday.So far I have just played through easy mode, and was able to beat it after about 10 tries or so, but some might find it more challenging than this. Also there is a mission mode which adds a unique twist on the game, and unlockable characters which effect the game play. This is a game which you can likely jump into quickly if you have 15-30 min, and just enjoy, and I imagine it might be fun to play with friends locally who can represent the different characters.At $15 I think the price is right, since a similar board game would likely you cost you twice as much or more. If it's $10 or below I would definitely pick this one up. Again if you enjoy survival board games with dice mechanics, and tense strategic gameplay.I give this at least 8/10, and more than ikely 9/10 after I give it some more time. Can't wait to see what this developer does next, as I am already a huge fan."
,Recommended,323060,28729039,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,No1maggot,"A very fun game, almost like playing a board game by yourself."
,Recommended,323060,28093066,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Save The World,"4 health, 4 dice, 24 damaged module. 6s injure the crew member.Roll dice.Rolles 4 6s.Game Over.I'm conviced the dice are rigged."
,Recommended,323060,21283516,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Insomnicron,"Oh boy did I HATE this game... at first.First I played it based on little more than thinking it appeared like other games I like (FTL, Armello, Darkest Dungeon.)From that first encounter I thought it was WAY too random and just cruel for the sake of cruelty.Next I listened to podcasts and read reviews where people echoed my first impressions...So I shelved it, feeling disappointedThen I heard a passing comment from 2 other podcasts suggesting that a) they just enjoyed the failure and b) after cycling through countless deaths they realized there were ways, (VARIED ways,) to mitagate the endless overwhelming reliance on luck and survive the terrible odds stacked against you.So I picked it up again, and, many MANY deaths later, I found a few wins.I recomend this game, but only because I learned to love it...However I do feel that love won't bloom for many... and I think that's just fine."
,Recommended,323060,29287892,Posted: 15 January,all,Draco4472,You know how life is sometimes a kick to the nuts that you can't win?Tharsis is like life in that regardAnd sometimes you have to choose the best of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ options.
,Recommended,323060,29351239,Posted: 18 January,all,richandcreamy,"This is a gambling risk management game. I find the challenge to be fun even though the odds are increasingly against you after each turn. The thrill of barely making out of it alive due to smart decisions, the crushing defeat of bad rolls, and the feeling of domination when lady luck is on your side beats losing money at the casino anyday."
,Recommended,323060,20691044,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,unkron,Recommended for those that are sadistic.
76561198026488250,Recommended,323060,20752232,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Eclipse^,"A truly brilliant game!Ignore the haters, this game is worth your money and your time.Theres really not as much Luck involved as many people percieve. A 90%+ winrate is possible."
76561197968700862,Recommended,323060,20577103,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Geiri3D,"Great game, great music, just needs more content to be even better!"
,Recommended,323060,20633186,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,X-Master Prime,"One of my favorite indie games of all time. Took hours of loss after loss until I finally understood the game, and it was so worth it. I almost didn't buy this game based on the mixed reviews, and now I'm glad I took a chance on it. Fitting, seeing as the game is based on taking chances."
,Recommended,323060,20634155,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dr.Ded,It's a really fun game. I would recomend it to anyone who enjoys brutal difficulty and turn-based strategy (and doesn't mind RNG)p.s.-I've never gotten into board games or dice games and I was worried that I wouldn't be comfortable with that format but Tharsis is so good it has gotten me more interested in these types of games.
,Recommended,323060,20648842,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,GnuHorn,"If you:- Don't mind RNG destroying you.- Like boardgames or any kind of dice RNG game.- Enjoy trying to win against almost insurmountable odds.- Want every choice to be life or death.- Don't mind eating people....then you'll probably like Tharsis.  If any of the above turns you off, then you probably won't.The game has a good overall design to it.  There isn't so much to it that it becomes unwieldy, but there's not so little that decisions are easy A, B, or C decisions.  There's decent room for strategy without complexity turning this into a min/max playground.  You live or die on luck here, and it's as simple as that.It took me 9 hours to get to the end of the journey, with an average game time of around 20 minutes or so, I think.  I was able to adopt strategies that increased my odds over the journey, but it still all comes down to luck.  Had I not gotten certain throws during my winning game, it would have easily been a loss.I recommend this game because it delivers on what it claims to be.  I enjoyed my time with it, and I've paid a lot more for games that have given me 10 hours of time.  Whether you believe it's worth the entry price is up to you, but I think it's fair."
76561198142347564,Recommended,323060,20654484,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Vixo,"It is not impossible, just really,really,really,really (well you get the picture) difficult.It is not fair, but that makes winning all the better."
,Recommended,323060,20571174,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,blueholloway,"This game is very hard, and very frustrating. Often! However, it is possible to beat it and when you do it is incredibly rewarding. You will need to play through it (and lose) a good 15-30 times before you start to build strategies that work, and get lucky enough to win.It could do with some more balancing, but thoroughly recommended."
76561198007284667,Recommended,323060,20581681,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Darren,"This is quite an intriguing game. While initially it seems like everything comes down to chance there is actually a lot of strategy involved.Basically you have 4 characters, they each have up to 6 health and they can each have up to 5 dice to roll per turn (they also have a stress meter which I assume you never want to hit full but I haven't seen what happens when it does as I've been pretty successful at managing that). You want to keep this number as close to 5 as possible as the more dice you have the more successful you will be at handling the random events that pop up (each event has a negative effect from merely preventing the rooms ability from being used, to damaging the ship, to reducing dice pools, to reducing character health). Usually you will get 2-3 new events per week.Each event can have up to 3 numbers on the dice that if you roll them will have a negative effect. There are three possible effects, Injury (1 damage every time the dice shows that number, this can also be the same number I've had 3 injuries if I rolled a 6 for example), Stasis (the dice is locked and cannot be rerolled, I've never seen this with a numerical value higher than 3 presumably because nobody would be rerolling higher rolls anyway, this never has duplicates), and Void (if your dice has the void number it is removed from play).Dice can be used for a number of things, your crewmembers ability, the rooms ability, repairing the damage (every event has a repair number which is reduced toward zero as you use dice to fix it), or research (basically accumulating dice to buy a special ability).There are two resources you can acquire, Assists (prevents a bad dice effect from occurring), and Food (gives +3 to the dice pool of whoever you use it on).You have to juggle all of these variables and the random elements in order to get your crew (or at least one of them) down to Mars in 10 weeks. It is definitely doable although sometimes the negative effects accumulate too quickly for you to succeed."
76561198035263324,Recommended,323060,20636914,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,kungfu_grip5,"I've played a few times where the first week randomly turns your ship and crew into a dumpster fire filled with cannibals.  3 simultaneous events with ship damage exceeding any strategy that can take me into the next week regardless of research project or assist saves. This game is brutal if you are of average intelligence or play games to ""have fun"". Oh...and there is a HARD mode, WTF?!? When I did complete it, I didn't feel it was because I had a good strategy, I felt it was 90% luck and 10% cannibalism.8/10 Would turn the ship into a dumpster fire with cannibals again...just not on hard mode."
76561198047643905,Recommended,323060,20655306,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,james314159,A mix of turn based resource management and yahtzee.
,Recommended,323060,20572607,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Galv,"Tharsis isnt a game where you will win. Its that simple. Time and again a good setup will turn sour in a single turn. It can be quite frustrating. That being said if you go into the game expecting to face challenges, rather than just overcome them you will find alot more enjoyment in the game. This is enhanced by the fact that the game is very easy to jump into for a quick play and if it all turns to crap then a restart isnt that much of a loss in your time.For the price Tharsis is very enjoyable and well made. No bugs that ive found. Would recommend for an afternoon or weekend game when your other titles dont seem that appealing. Be warned though, your crew will die like frogs in a blender."
76561198065268828,Recommended,323060,20598684,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,pringel,This is a white-knuckle turn based dice game that will frustrate and entertain you.  I'd liken the feeling of success in this game to when you defeat a boss in a Soulsborne game.  Despite the calm of it’s turn based approach the tension with every choice is so high that it makes every success elating and every failure crushing.  Fortunately you can jump in and start a new game quickly and learn from your past mistakes.  If you want to sit at your keyboard and press the space bar till your computer says “You Win” I wouldn’t recommend this game for you.
,Recommended,323060,20618397,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,cpat,"Space is HARD! but after you try some things it's quite managable.. Don't expect to get to Mars on the first (or second/third) try but you can get there with the right combination of strategy and planning.Awesome fun, can't wait for Campaigns!"
76561198064825362,Recommended,323060,20637017,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,dRay.ZB,Unrelenting and sometimes frustrating but it is a game after all.Has strategy and luck.  Fun and addicting.
,Recommended,323060,20639829,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Stuntmonkey,"I absolutely love this game. Was a bit tentative about buying it with the reviews it's had but after the first game, I was totally hooked. I think the majority of the negative reviews here are from people that bought a dice game but didnt expect it to be a game of chance, or from people that found it too hard. It IS hard, but I think that it's the right level of difficulty.This game is a really interesting idea, and looks good, too. Most of the games only take around 10-15 minutes based on how lucky you are, and so, with me at least, it's always a case of ""just one more game"". Tharsis definitely deserves more recognition for what it is."
76561198056962363,Recommended,323060,20566839,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,jekusz,"This if a very fine value for money game. It brings in some cool resemblances from space related facts (apollo missions) and fiction (event horizon, space oddysey)!I was initially quite skeptical about all the negative reviews regarding poor balance of chances but I've found them nowhere close to being accurate. You won't win on your first run through but a game's not really a challenging one if you win on your first try...The game doesn't take too long, but is very replayable and in fact, once you figure out all the tools you are given, the first point about it being difficult, isn't that true anymore at all!Enjoy and good luck !"
76561198136851860,Recommended,323060,20571931,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,lucasyoung1991,♥♥♥♥ing brutal.... thats all there is to say
,Recommended,323060,20576605,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,skeletox,"This is basically 1 day of entertainment.  Good graphics and fun mechanics.  It feels unwinnable the first time you play but you eventually realize strategies.  My biggest pet peeve with this is the story, which was a pleasant suprise at the start but gives insanly obvious hints throught the game and sort of feels like a broken record by the end."
,Recommended,323060,20584186,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ürh,"You roll some dice. You fix that pesky SSU undervolt. You engage in some light cannibalism. You roll some more dice. You put out a fire in your hydroponics bay. More cannibalism. Then a micrometeorite storm ruptures the hull, killing everybody on your ship. You sigh, and start the whole grisly business again from the top.If you enjoy torturing yourself with games that put you entirely at the mercy of random number generators, then there's plenty of sweet torture to be had here. A typical playthrough isn't that long, so it isn't too frustrating if you get screwed over by a couple of bad dice rolls.Oh, and I wasn't joking about the cannibalism. The first time I successfully completed the game, I only did so by strategically killing one of my crew members, and having the surviving crew feast on the remains."
