user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,323220,21325613,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,inkh,"I have held off on writing this review mostly out of fear that nothing I write can convey the amount of design-thinking, creativity, skill and love that is in this product.After a thousand hours on record, and several more off-record.  Thousands of play-throughs, solo and multiplayer.  I am now assured that I never will.In this world of Triple-As, Clones, and MeToo Games.  Vagante is a bright diamond in an ocean of glass replicas.The untrained eye will see a platformer, and we have many many of those.Just as we have many many rogue-likes.However, Vagante is far more than a system and an art style.The moment you hit "" New Game "" you'll experience something; something most developers don't realize.Yet, the movements, the mechanics, the constant attention to input/framerate timing is what most creatives don't think of.The proper use of RNG, in creating scenarios and contexts for skill and reflexes to compensate or take advantage of.Rather than the use of RNG in other games, to create results that make games little more than calculable slot machines.Vagante is a game as all games should be designed.===Edit: 2016-12-28A few days ago, I was hosting a little get together and people were wondering what kind of game they'd like to play, we revisited Vagante.Since I had written this review, N9 have made severe changes to the game.  I honestly didn't agree with many of their changes when they were made.  Things that had made the game more enchanting were taken out ..  Like being able to steal from shopkeepers using unorthodox methods.  Certain skills were nerfed that betrayed the idea behind a class, and a control scheme that seemed like it had an identity crisis.I put the game away to finally finish TowerClimb and pick up Catacomb Kids ..  However, when I picked up the game with a group of new players who had never touched the game before I saw what N9 had in store ..  The tutorial presented that the new control scheme was a little more understandable, and although the nerfed skills hurt the idea behind certain classes they were more easily understood.I still recommend Vagante, but at this point I wouldn't call it a Rogue-Like.  It has perma-death and it's procedurally generated but Street Fighter is perma-death and Plant's vs Zombies is procedurally generated.  Vagante no longer rewards creative solutions, it's toned down it's morbid atmosphere in the old shrine designs.  The game has become more rigid.However, since the time I've played, it's become more polished and online multiplayer is available.  No small feat for even a talented team of three."
76561197997048482,Recommended,323220,32371902,Posted: 12 June,all,BeoTooth,"Great game, lots of challenge. The fact you die often at first might push a few away but in the long run, you learn how to play it slowly and not rush into things. Had a great time playing it even thouh being in early access. Can't wait to see the complete game."
,Recommended,323220,14179146,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Miroudias,"Alright. 25 hours in.I purchased Vagante after having played version 8 from their website. Here are my thoughts.tl;dr - Yes. Vagante is worth the purchase.Pros:~ Fairly unique. You can compare Vagante to both Spelunky and Rogue Legacy, but for me Vagante leans more toward Rogue Legacy.~ Large replay value.~ Unlockable traits. Playing the game you will unlock several traits that allow your new characters certain benefits.~ Four classes. (Knight, Rogue, Mage, and ""???"" - of which we'll call her universal.) Each has their own unique playing style and starting equipment.~ Addictive. The game may cause you to mini-ragequit when you first start, but you'll start it right back up a few minutes later.~ Updates. This is an Early Access, but it is one of the few in which the developers actually come out w/ regular updates. I encourage you to download the version 8 edition for free from the developers main site and then purchase version 11 later. You will see a vast improvement between the two editions.Cons:~ Lack of instructions. It's a very simple game to play and you will learn quickly how to do things. However, you will not learn certain things right off the bat. (I was 15 hours in before I realized what some of the altars do and how to use them.)~ No use for funds after a certain point. If you choose a certain trait, gold serves no purpose other than for a certain altar; which could be a game changer if you are lucky enough.~ Vast superiority in certain weapons over others. (You will find that you will end up using certain weapons more than others due to how they work.~ Organization. A little one, but still valid. You have a rather small inventory. When you equip something it ""stays"" in your inventory, rather than being linked to a character grid. Over time, you've got a full set of gear and almost no room to carry anything else. (Melee weapon, Ranged weapon, arrows/quiver/both, head, chest, feet, two rings, hands, neck/face, 5 total potions, 5 total scrolls.)At this point I do not see why this game has so little success. Of all the garbage in Early Access of right now, Vagante is a diamond in the rough."
76561198011650742,Recommended,323220,21435299,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,HunterFX21,"Vagante - Everything I was searching for in a new generation roguelike.State of the game at the moment:Vagante is currently in early access and is still missing some content.Reviewing update history, it seems like the developers have a solid history of updating this game at least twice a month, which is fantastic. The developers are engaging their community and progressing the game - a seemingly rare occurance among Steam early access titles.The content this game does have at the moment is enough to make the game feel mostly complete (not complete, but mostly complete). There's just enough diversity in monsters and items to keep each run-through unique and entertaining.This game has excellent replay value. If the frustration and desire to beat this game after numerous deaths doesn't keep bringing you back, the secret content will. There are ""secret"" achievements that players can unlock within the game. These features allow you to: unlock a new class, give your character a stat-altering background story (eg., bookworm increases intelligence), or give your game certain environment effects (such as freezing time when no button is pressed).This game has a somewhat steep learning curve, but is relatively simple once you get the hang of it. It took me about 2-3 hours to get the hang of shifting through my inventory, setting spells, and quick-swapping weapons, etc. It's definitely worth the invested time, though.Definitely glad to support the development of this game."
,Recommended,323220,13410353,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Fox Witch,"This game is fantastic. It's a tough-as-nails roguelike similar to the likes of spelunky, except taking inspiration from rpgs like Dark Souls. Has Coop (local currently, and plans for online in the future) and is a load of fun with some friends, or even on your own. The game feel is super solid, rewarding, and challenging. Like in Dark Souls, each fight could mean life or death.It also has a charming aesthetic with great art and animation, and a lovely soundtrack. Well worth your time, and hey, if you're on the fence, just track down the public alpha released not too long ago!"
,Recommended,323220,19856007,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cheese Flavored,"Already an amazing game, but still in early access. Devs are working on Online Multiplayer (there is an option for it grayed out in the menu) which is great for playing with friends without having to be beside each other.This game is kinda like a roguelike mashup of Spelunky and Dark Souls. If you're a fan of either game, definitely check this one out. Worth getting at full price in my opinion.Overall Score: 8.4/10edit: online multiplayer is in and it works pretty well"
,Recommended,323220,23031322,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,zenyi-chan ~~,"I've been trying to gather 20 hours before writing this, but I've gone through the reviews here and seen some concerning things. So here I go, a bit prematurely, but if this game goes on sale I want to provide you a proper review.I want to give this game a mixed review. I don't find that it is worth $15 in its current state. It simply lacks content. But it is a very good game and has a potentially fantastic future if the devs keep on their current track.However: this game is NOT the ultimate rogue-like/lite. It still faces all of the problems of your average rogue-lite, including:1.) Sometimes just have a bad start from which you can't fully recover.2.) A great deal of stuff is just NOT EXPLAINED. That's actually one of my major gripes with the game; it doesn't explain anything. This is a dreadfully common problem with rogue-like games (a genre which I love). Vagante is a prime example of this tendency.3.) Procedural generation of levels sometimes makes the game very unfair.4.) Bugs. Few have been game-breaking, and the game is in early-access as of writing this review, hence why this item is #4 on my little list here.So let's talk about what the game is like. Some here have compared it to a 2D Dark Souls. I can understand where the comparison comes from, but its not really accurate. Yes, the game is something of a dark fantasy (and I do admire the art style). Yes, the game is quite hard at first. That's where the comparison ends, though. Dark Souls is an entirely different game. This is a rogue-lite dungeon crawler, through and through.The first thing I noticed is the control scheme. It's entirely keyboard driven with no mouse at all. It takes a little getting used to, but it becomes very intuitive fairly quickly. I believe the game also supports gamepad and controller (I could be wrong).Next, this game will kill you A LOT. There are a lot of insta-death scenarios and your character can't take very many hits. However, all deaths are within your control, which is something I've found very refreshing. This is one of the few games where when one of my characters dies, I laugh it off more than get upset about it. The devs really reached a sweet spot in animation, audio, and visuals that make instadeath a unique blend of comical and ... something I can't quite describe. The point is, I'm the guy who would cuss at the screen after getting killed in Enter the Gungeon, and in this I find myself far more often giggling about it.Before I get into my main problems with the game aside from what I listed above, I'll talk about what I liked:++ The procedural generation is quite good. I've been surprised by how certain segments can link together in interesting ways. The mechanic of being able to push blocks has been key to this.++ The platforming is very fluid and responsive.++ Art is beautiful.++ The music is very good. This game provides a surprisingly ambient, calming experience, provided by the blending of the dark visuals and the music.++ The game's core mechanics (e.g., stats, resistances, items, abilities) are easy to understand.++ Sound effects are satisfying and have a nice retro feel.++ I enjoyed the way the game decided to set up its control scheme. Abilities are cast as combinations of keys rather than standard QWER setups, and since the game is fully keyboard driven, combat feels pleasantly skillful and visceral (especially with a mechanical keyboard).Negatives:-- The big one: lack of content. I know, its early access. I should be expecting a lack of content. But its still a glaring issue. A rogue-lite game NEEDS variety of enemies, loot, classes, and bosses. As this game stands, there is very little variety (however I see that there is HUGE potential for more).-- Combat. I've been a little divided on this one. I've found the combat satisfying, but also found it somewhat annoying. Because of how weapons and sprites fundamentally function in this game, combat is dictated by how well you can exploit the features of the procedurally generated terrain. This is especially obvious against bosses. But like I said, the combat still remains satisfying, I just find that it becomes less of a challenge of reflex/skill and more about knowing what kind of terrain the boss's pathing is worst at.-- Combat, part 2. Continuing on the previous note about how the terrain dictates the fight: I've found that while exploring the dungeon, it is far less dangerous WHICH enemy you find, but rather WHERE you find the enemy. Even the weakest creature in the game can kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you find it in the wrong spot (which feels really cheap, usually).-- Skills. Each class has 3 ""skill trees"". In my experience, some of the skill trees are objectively better options than the others. This makes gameplay dull. I wish the weaker skill trees were a bit more developed to become more viable.-- The game's quality seems to diminish the further you go along. I don't know if this is just something I've observed, but I've found the first stage is far more developed than the next two. Perhaps this is just once again indicative of early access. I hope the later stages are developed as well as the first.That's about everything I can think of about this game. Do I recommend it? Yeah, absolutely. If its on sale and you like rogue-lites/dungeon crawlers? GET THIS GAME! I really hope the developers stick with it and continue to add content. So far this is one of my favorite dungeon crawlers yet. Great job"
,Recommended,323220,22824758,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Hård af Seger,"One of the best roguelikes you'll play. Really fun, hoping more classes and content keeps being added, but even in its current form its 100% playable and great fun!This game is like a fighting-oriented spelunky. You progress through 2d levels while looking for items making you stronger. Each level has a boss that you can choose to kill, if you kill the boss you will instantly level up and can assign a skillpoint between levels, else you slowly gain exp by just killing normal mobs.There is also a shopkeeper you can either rob or buy items from, and many different shrines you need to discover what they do.The game has a few class-unique skills for each character that you can choose to unlock with skillpoints, it also has general skills for all characters, like strength, vitality, etc.The game has quite a few different paths you can take your character down and it feels really nice to go from mostly dying on the first 3 levels (one world is 3 levels) to mostly dying on the 2nd world to suddenly almost always make it to the fourth world, every death in this game is caused by you and you yourself, so while you may die a lot when you start out, every death is because of a mistake you made.If you have any interest in roguelikes at all you HAVE to get this game.update:More content is still added to the game, it's even better now!"
76561198143501091,Recommended,323220,13910824,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,EnormousPun,"This game is comparable to Spelunky, but with levels that feel bigger, with a bigger emphasis on loot, and a compact character customization system that works with a side-scrolling permadeath dungeon crawler.In fact, I enjoy it more than Spelunky because of how it scratches my rpg nerd itch.Where Vagante differs considerably is that it requires more finesse, observantness, and timing, which are all to its benefit.Minding that this game is unfinished, I'll not be mentioning the few minor gripes that I have because none of them make it so I do not want to play the game-- not to mention they might be changed.Great game: 90/100 (A+)Edit(Feb 12, 2015): Something that should be noted is that this game's devs take feedback seriously and it shows in the updates. Got this game at full price and still worth every penny."
,Recommended,323220,20971385,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Teflonto,"This feels like a grand mixture of all of my favourite games wrapped up into a neat little pixel art soup.Firstly, you have the obvious reference point: Spelunky. Where Spelunky has a defined set of rules in its physics, so too does Vagante. Where Spelunky has a defined set of rules in its items, Vagante does not, and this is the defining element when it comes to both the platforming and the combat.Items that you pick up in the procedurally generated levels are ""unidentified"". That is to say, you have no idea what they do - yet. To discover this, you have to use them, either by equipping them (Weapons/Armour), drinking them (potions) or reading them (scrolls). What they'll do is anyone's guess, but it's your only way to learn your way through items on that particular run through. This is typical of most Rogue games, but it's nice to see it makes a return here. It makes use of items a gamble. You need health, but which of these 4 potions could possibly be a health potion? Let's try this Blue one... Oh balls, I'm on fire.So far, I've put my time into the standard Warrior class, the Ranger class and the recently unlocked ""Wildling"" who appears to be a Barbarian sort. While they all handle the same, they each have their own basic talent tree and unlockable skills. Certain weapons will also be of more benefit to certain types; an Archer, for instance, will make more use of a Bow but it doesn't stop a Warrior from using it. There's also a mage class that I'm yet to try - but again, magic is something that all classes can use, it's just that each class specialises in these areas.Combat and difficulty can, at times, hold the same feeling as Dark Souls, especially in the Warrior class. Once you unlock the block ability, you can quickly switch from attacking to blocking and back to attacking. The enemies AI is satisfactory in that it can be read predictably and therefore can be exploited when needs must. This is exceptionally helpful when the difficulty and the stakes are high, but it'll take a few runs against the same enemy to get a feel for their movement/attacks.I'm absolutely glowing about this game right now, I love the art style, love the procedurally generated levels and the unscripted nonsense that happens as enemies set off traps and kill themselves while you stand idly by. There are a couple of points which I hope to see fixed or come to the full version though:Online Multiplayer is sorely missing as of writing this review, but I'm reading that it's on its way which will open up a whole new aspect of the game.Levelling is only done once per level - I'd much rather see this tied to a standard experience system. You won't see any great differences in your builds until you get through multiple stages with the current levelling system, but traditional XP would alleviate this and I don't feel like it would make the game any less punishing.Ledge hanging - sometimes it just doesn't seem to work and I can't figure out why. I'll clear a gap and often times will only cling to a ledge if my character is about 3/4 of a sprite over the lip. This doesn't ""feel"" quite right, and I'll often fall to my death thinking that I've easily made it.All in all though, if you're a fan of Spelunky or rogue-lite/likes in general, this is an excellent purchase - even in Early Access it's immediately playable."
76561198024596277,Recommended,323220,28400951,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dex236,"Vagante is the best early access Rogue-like I've played in a long time, it is a large step above the other lackluster roguelikes coming out lately. A word of caution for anyone looking for a casual experience however, this game has a harsh learning curve; that aside if you're looking for a genuine dungeon crawling experience that feels completely different every time, you will find it in Vagante."
,Recommended,323220,13410508,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Excalibear,"I've been following and playing this since their first public alpha, and I easily have 50+ hours into it before it was released on Steam. Vagante is simply my favorite rogue-lite out there. If you're a fan of similar games (Spelunky, Risk of Rain, Rogue Legacy, even Binding of Isaac) then I urge you to watch some Let's Plays or track down their last free alpha release and give Vagante a try.It has the perfect blend of platforming, combat, stats, items, exploration and bosses. On top of all that, the local coop is an absolute blast to play. If you like any of the similar side-scrolling, action rogue-lites that have been popular lately, I'm confident that you'll enjoy this one as well."
,Recommended,323220,18443058,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Jinx,"A great little roguelike! If you like Spelunky, but want a bit more combat like Rogue Legacy, you should definitely check this game out. The initial difficulty is high, but as you begin to figure things out it's very satisfying. And for the most part it feelsfair, which imo a lot of roguelikes get wrong. When I die I usually feel it's because *I* screwed up - not because the Random Number Generator wasn't in my favor. It's still very difficult, though, and I've come nowhere near beating it.While the game is a roguelike, with no carry-over between runs, it also has RPG elements. There are three different classes, and you earn points to improve your stats and abilities. You also find a variety of new gear, potions, and scrolls, and can even pray at different shrines for different bonuses. Taken together, all of this helps makes every run feel unique because you never know what you'll find. It also gives both a sense of progression and a sense of investment in every single run.Visually, I have to say screenshots don't do this game justice. The muted colors really fit the feel, and the reason there is a lot of darkness is because you reveal the map as you explore. You can also only see what's directly in your character's line of sight (like fog of war in strategy games). It's an interesting gameplay mechanic and means you have to be extremely cautious as you proceed. The sound in the game is excellent as well, the music setting a great spooky tone and the sound effects doing their job nicely.Overall, if you are a fan of roguelikes and 2D platformers this is one for you. It's only in alpha, but it's stable, has plenty of content and features, and is well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,323220,19098977,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Zovc,"This game is excellent.In my opinion, this is the best execution of Roguelike platforming. It's like a marriage between Risk of Rain and Rogue Legacy. The gameplay sort of ""slow and tight"" like Risk of Rain, but also manages to feel a lot more frantic and fast paced. The different classes have drastically different play styles (in a good way) but there's also the original Diablo principle of 'anyone ~CAN~ learn magic.'The game's very challenging but also very fair. You'll get punished by visible pannel traps and realize after the fact it was in plain sight, you'll get knocked back into spikes and die and realize it's your fault for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. You'll accidentally summon/anger bosses and learn not to do those things again (or do them again on purpose if that's your thing). For me, it's the perfect level of dificulty to keep me trying and dying and trying and dying.The 2-4 player co-op in this game is seamless and perfectly done. When a player dies, they can revive as a cannon-fodder skeleton that is essentially useless in combat but can function as a warm body to scout/distract enemies. Dead players are tactically useful, but have no 'actively powerful' impact on the game. It's a clear punishment for dying, but keeps players engaged and useful. If you're lucky, on future floors you may find items that can revive one dead player. If the entire party wipes, of course, it's game over.I highly recommend this game and really appreciate the developers for creating it."
,Recommended,323220,16046340,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,DarkLordSen,10/10 Would buy again for friends. For early access you get quality rouge action with nearly unlimited replayability. If you love rouge-likes you DON'T want to miss out on this awesome game!
,Recommended,323220,34139828,Posted: 9 August,all,Vidookoo,"Amazing game, this turned out to be one of my favorites of all time. Excellent replayability due to diverse classes (4 Main classes each with 4-8 skill paths which you can mix/match with their own style of gameplay), branching levels, challenging but fair difficulty, and RNG loot. 180+ hours into the game, i am still having fresh experiences each run. Cooperative play and solo play are both extremely enjoyable! If there was a downside to this game, it would be that there is a learning curve. 10/10 Cannot praise this game enough."
76561198067611335,Recommended,323220,14663044,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,sashassin,"Dark Souls and Spelunky made sweet love in a dark cave. Shortly after, they aborted Vagante.10/10"
,Recommended,323220,23049287,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jaibamon,"Very similar to Spelunky, but with RPG elements and higher dificulty.+ The soundtrack.+ Each class plays different, even if each one can use any type of gear or magic.+ Unlockables and secrets.+ Online multiplayer.+ Excellent controls.+ Updated constantly.- Still some missing levels and secrets.- Warrior class is a bit weaker and less versatile than the other 3.- Some talents needs better explanation.- Forest golems have too much HP.- Needs more diffusion, marketing, and a demo here on Steam so people can try it."
,Not Recommended,323220,30259472,Posted: 1 March,all,Myridium,"I really want to like this game. There's a lot to enjoy, and for the most part it captures that feeling of adventure and permanent consequence well. It makes a really great first impression. But I think there are too many faults that hold it back from being enjoyable in the long term:Hitboxes are all wrongFor example, rods don't have anywhere near the range they appear to in their attack animation. Frequently you will miss hitting enemies even though the animation suggests that you should have hit them. This happens for upward swings of a sword as a knight as well, for instance. In a game where each mistake is brutal, these details matter. You miss an enemy due to shoddy hitboxes, and are then punished for it with hitpoint damage that is nigh impossible to recover. A difficult game is fine, but not when many mistakes are not your own.Risk is discouragedEach level has a boss that is significantly tougher than the other enemies in the level-- in most cases, tougher than the entire level itself. The payoff for beating a boss and using their key to open a bonus chest is minor; two potions and a weapon seems to be the norm. Most of the time these potions are not beneficial, and the weapon is almost certainly not suited to your character class. The potential benefit to beating these bosses is so low in comparison to the damage you will likely take, that it's usually best to skip them. I've found there to be glitches sometimes where the boss will despawn! But usually, once you encounter them, you'll want to rush though the level to the end so you can escape.This is a running theme through the game, where the best strategy is also the most boring: run through the level to the end. (This is much more of a problem in the later levels though.) This is not helped by the fact that the Level Up choices you get are all pretty useless. A stat bonus of +1 in this game does very little, and most of the special ability options are only somewhat beneficial. You require EXP to level up, which in turn requires killing enemies. In theory you'd think this would make a nice choice to take on more risk killing enemies for additional EXP. But in reality, after the first couple of Level Ups, you'll have the most important abilities and taking on further risk is just not worth it.Whenever I play this game, I try to play it the fun way: killing lots of enemies. Not all of them, mind you. In the end, after the first couple of levels, I really have no choice except to run through them becausethere's no reward the game will give me that is worth the risk of staying and fighting. Even if you find good loot, nothing will recover your health unless you get lucky with a healing potion or healing wand.RecommendationI feel lukewarm about recommending this game. I can't honestly say it's good, despite the great first impression it has. Long term enjoyability matters to me in a game, and this game doesn't do it for me. It feels too unfair (i.e. bad hitboxes), and not rewarding enough (i.e. risk not rewarded).It's quite possible to fix my complaints in the development of the game, but I doubt it will happen. The devs have found the shoddy hitboxes acceptable since I first bought the game, and apparently don't see fit to correct that. Seems like a pretty fundamental thing to me, and since they haven't bothered to fix it, I don't have faith that this game will ever improve enough to overcome its flaws."
,Recommended,323220,26610053,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CurseoftheWolf,"Challenging and diverse rogue-like. Think Spelunky, mixed with Risk of Rain, but minus the timed levels. This game rewards thoughtul play rather than rushing through each level, and caters to numerous playstyles with the 3 available classes4. And each class has their own unique skill sets that you level up as you choose, meaning each class can be played a multitude of ways. From a stealthy rogue surgically killing enemies with throwing daggers, to a God-cursed sword wielding Knight cutting swathes through monsters, and the ingenious mage using every spell at your disposal to outmaneuver and obliterate your foes. But not every run turns out with a champion. Spikes, Boulders, Angry Shopkeepers and increasingly fierce monsters will ensure that many adventurers meet their dooms. Although it never felt impossible. Each death felt like it was my own mistake due to lack of skill, and I never felt like there was something unbalanced or unfair.Vagante features alternate progression routes, a huge variety of item types with randomized stats, procedurally generated levels, multiple classes, and a reasonable learning curve, making it rewarding to progress.This game is well-worth the price, especially for early access, though at the time of writing this I believe it's very near release state. And as of writing this I haven't even completed everything or played much multiplayer.TL;DR if you have played platformer and dungeon crawler rogue-like games such as Spelunky, Risk of Rain, or Rogue Legacy you'll feel right at home here. Once you've died a few dozen times of course."
76561198012068529,Recommended,323220,18576881,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sanguine Fox,"FYI, you can download and play a demo from the dev's website.I sunk about 100 hours into Spelunky and Linley's Dungeon Crawl. Is this game a blend of the two? Yeah pretty much nailed it.This game gave me the best first impression I've had in awhile after playing the demo. The art reminds me a lot of King Arthur's Gold, but the game itself is way more polished. And that was the demo. I bought the actual game and it was beautiful and smooth to play. It is HARD, like any roguelike or Dark Souls game. I like it that way."
,Recommended,323220,27764517,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kiwis,"Vagante is the kind of game where you can have the best run you've ever had, and still die to spikes or a falling boulder. It's the kind of game that you can play a Mage and still get nothing but dexterity and strength items and just roll with it and beat the game. The developers release an update bi-weekly iirc and it shows that they care. I'm sure once it comes out of Early Access it will be one of the more popular games of its kind.Vagante is possibly one of the best in-development rogue-lite games on Steam at the moment and I can do nothing but recommend it."
,Recommended,323220,13797452,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LordLiquidBaconII,"This review is for the Alpha version 10b and will be updated has the game is updated. I will not give a number score anywhere in this review.GameplayVagante is a 2d rogue-lite platformer that is also a RPG. Each level is randomly generated and as of now levels are not seeded, so you cannot replay a run. This game can be played solo or up to 4 players locally (I have only played it by myself so far so I have nothing to say about the local co-op). It consists of some elements from Spelunky: arrow traps, spike pits, and the shop somewhat works like the shop in Spelunky. Currently you start off with three available characters/classes and one is unlockable. Weapons and armor are not class locked and you can find spell books, swords, tunics, and other loot in random chests through each level. Gear is also not locked off by stat requirements but you should be cautious when equipping anything since it may take away stats when it is equipped or it may be a cursed item which leads to the item being stuck on your person until the curse is removed from it via a scroll. Scrolls and potions are randomized every run like how pills are randomized in The Binding of Isaac. Everytime you start a run you start with one affinity point which you can put into an affinity (unless you are the unlockable class) or stats. There are no repeating affinities on any of the classes.ArtstyleI personally found the artstyle and aesthetic of Vagante to be very colorful yet still dark with the color palette. Everything looks really nice and does not blend in unless it seems to be necessary.Ending (not conclusion)Thank you for reading my review, if you have any criticisms about this review please comment so I can improve it."
,Recommended,323220,14311631,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,mcwermy,"Vagante is awesome, I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of difficult roguelike games. This game is still in early access but there is enough content to warrant the early purchase. There are elements that still need to be improved but overall the core is very much there and extremely playable.The controls are responsive, simple, and great on an Xbox gamepad. You can jump, melee, range, and cast magic at the press of a button; switching out weapons and magic is easy and fast with the swap button. Navigating through the inventory, magic book, and character sheet is also a breeze.Alright now for the gameplay. You can expect to die a lot. Boulder traps, spikes, even gravity can bring you to a quick end. The walk button will become your best friend when exploring and keen observation will keep you alive. Another great element in this game is using the evironment to your advantage. Scouting the entire level for the perfect spot to vanquish a difficult boss can be very rewarding. Enemies are pretty generic but provide a fair and fun challenge, also the different approaches to triggering floor bosses is interesting whether it be a sleeping dragon or angry mother worm. Loot, glorious loot! You'll find all sorts of enchanted weapons, armor, scrolls, potions, and trinkets. Some items will drastically change up your strategy and even the way you travel.This game is still in the development process and I'm very excited to see what the creators are going to add to Vagante. Changes I would like to see are variations on enemy and boss types ala the Binding of Isaac, being able to sell your loot to the shopkeeper, and more death screen statistics. It would also be cool to see what needs to be done to unlock the unlockables but as this game is still early stage it is understandable. I can't wait for the next update! Great job NukeNine team, I'm really looking forward to the finished game!"
,Recommended,323220,13413677,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Ahriscada,"The game play which rewards the players caution, foresight and knowledge.The music, the visual style.It holds such a strong image of a game, and its beautiful.I'm grateful for few things in life.Being able to experience Vagante shall be one of them.This is some surprise birthday present...Theres better reviews out there to be sure, I know I'm not professional about it or very detailed.But theres absolutely no excuse for you not to try an alpha demo or whatnot to see if Vagante is your niche.= Early Access TidbitsOnline Co OP is planned, the tag was removed to reflect on the current build of the game.ETA is Early 2015. As this is a action and platforming game I hope for there to be a smooth hosting and connection, or at least no lag deaths. Desynchronization is both entertaining and fearsome...Updates are planned to be biweekly (every two weeks) -sourcevagantegame.com"
76561197985565605,Recommended,323220,23229619,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Hellool=,"I'll be honest. This game is pretty fun, but it has some serious problems. I still recommend it, because it has a pretty good design and there's some honest fun.Pros-Unique roguelike platformer, similar to spelunky if you like that game-Interesting RPG leveling system complete with stats and enchantments-Robust magic system-Great replay value -- no run is the sameCons-There is a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game that just straight up feels unfair. Traps that instantly kill you, the shop selling useless overpriced♥♥♥♥♥♥ the basic enemies have way too much health and do a lot of damage, healing effects are extremely rare, the game is very harsh with falling damage, enchantment scrolls can add NEGATIVE enchantments to items, etc etc etc. If you are one of those guys that really enjoyed getting ♥♥♥♥ed in the Souls games and stuff like that, you'll probably like this game.-Some bosses are straight up stupid. The goblin king has no business being a Zone 1 boss with his unpredictable movement and very high damage. The plant boss in the forest might very well be the most frustrating boss I have faced in any game EVER. He sits there like a smug ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ while his little drone-line plant buddies attack you from below. If you're a melee class good luck fighting him, there is literally no counterplay. Oh, also he poisons you and kills you in about 4 seconds flat if he grabs you. The basic enemies in the third zone can easily kill you by themselves if you aren't paying attention because they do absolutely ridiculous amount of damage.Man... when I put it like that, I wonder why I recommended this game. But I do. Play it if you have thick skin"
,Recommended,323220,19262119,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,VOID,I keep coming back to this game over and over and can't shake how much I enjoy it. It's updated consistantly and I'm excited to see its progress and completion. I'd recommend this game to anyone who likes side-scrolling platformer games with rpg and rogue like elements. Offers a good balance of challenge and fun along with a nice variety of characters with their owns strengths and weaknesses. Overall it's an awesome game and well worth checking out!
,Recommended,323220,22280704,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,[LoG] WordSlice,"I'm happy to post a review now, because there is absolutely zero chance of this game ever getting to a state where a negative review would be necessary.This is basically a fantasy lovechild of Spelunky but better. As a big fan of Spelunky, these words are not spoken lightly.The sheer depth of builds, items, enemies and stages is incredible for an early access game and it looks + feels glorious.Thank you so much, developers."
,Recommended,323220,22509085,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Reign Kahl,"Vagante is absolutely incredible!10/10 F#@KING AMAZING!I am in love with this game! It is officially my absolute favorite game! I enjoy a variety of games, anything from table top stuff to RTS, FPS, MOBA you name it, I've played it and most likely am incredibly fond of at least one game of each genre, but Vagante takes the cake! The entire feel of the game is so whimsical and captivating. I'm no game designer, but I am a musician and appreciate the lovely score. The music adds such an incredible level of charm, intensity and beauty to such a seemingly simple game. Seriously, I've left the game on and paused while in the first room for hours just to provide soothing ambiance in my home or even set the mood for one of my D&D sessions. Vagante has already proven in it's early access stages to be fun, challenging, wonderful for groups, but also solo friendly. Each class has such a fun feel and play style. I love even the small stuff! From the simple costume change option in the main screen to background perks to unlock and choose from, Vagante makes me want to call off the next month of work and play until I'm forced to eat, sleep and all that other stuff that just takes away from the time I could be spending playing Vagante! I am in love with this wonderful game and I think if you give it a try, you will be too!"
76561198083632642,Recommended,323220,31694098,Posted: 11 May,all,Izzet: Storm,"A brief fore-warning. This game takes time to warm up.I strongly reccomend this game to anybody who is a hardcore gamer, or those well breifed in the ways of the rougelike. the game has fantastic content, an incredible combat system, and a well thought out online multiplayer. It has good controller support (Steam controllers too) and is fantastic on the keyboard as well. And if you dislike the game's default controlls, rebinding is quick and easy.A list of reasons to play vagante:-Active developers-Stellar online multiplayer-Fantastic replayability-Smooth combatHowever this game may not be for everybody:-The graphics can make it hard to see things for those with bad vision-The combat system, enemy AI, and skill trees take around time to learn (20 hours for me)-There is little to no story-The community is somewhat small (Not necessarily a bad thing)Vagante is a game I will never forget, and playing online, I've made lifelong freinds. the game is full of challenges to keep things fresh, and is great for those who love perfecting their own special playstyle. The price tag may seem high, but the game is one that you can find hundreds of hours of content in."
,Recommended,323220,13437267,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,PariahDog,"GameplayThis game is exactly what you'd get if you wanted to make a roguelike 2D platformer. While it lacks the turn-based and top-down gameplay that define the genre, pretty much every other aspect of the genre is retained. The procedural generation of levels is executed perfectly, as the levels are challenging and look good. Loot is randomly generated in true roguelike fashion, where nothing is identified until you use it, or if you cast from an identification scroll. This goes for potions as well, of which the color never indicates what type of potion you find between runs.Itemization so far has been pretty great. The items not only offer random stat upgrades, some of them also offer platforming assistance (to some extent) and other abilities. For instance, it is possible to find gloves that allow you to grab hold of walls, boots that allow you to bounce around or leave a trail of fire, a grappling hook, and even items that allow you to phase through walls and floors. If you're a dumbass like myself, you'll find yourself phasing through the edge of the level by accident, killing yourself in the process. There are many more items like this, and I haven't even gotten that far into the game.The fact that there's more to items than just numbers makes itemization in this game a LOT more interesting.ControlsThe game controls feel a lot like spelunky, which makes it a bit clunky in combat. The clunkiness, however, is rather charming. While I personally opted not to play a knight as the rogue's dagger is much faster (and thus hits the opponent when I press the button, not half a second later), once you get used to the controls the game should feel natural to play.The controls can be rebound from the menu, and it's possible to use a controller (which I would recommend for this game, although it is certainly not necessary).Co-opThe fact that this game has local co-op makes it all that much better. I have only seen co-op in videos, as I haven't yet had the chance to play this game with friends. The videos show that if one of the players dies, he is 'resurrected' as a skeleton, with some chances to return back to life as a player. This means that dead players can still help, but would much rather be alive since living characters have more to offer.DifficultyThe game is quite difficult. At the very beginning you lack the gear to withstand a lot of punishment. Each level contains a boss, and if you can't find a way to cheese the boss, they can be quite a challenge. Difficulty also hinges a lot on the item drops you get. Getting health potions early on helps a lot, as well as items giving you higher defense, or more attack power.Final JudgementThe GoodFantastic gameplay; it resembles a rogue-like more than most games calling themselves roguelikesConsistent quality of graphics; the game looks great for those loving the NES/SNES era type graphicsIt has co-op!It's quite difficultThe BadThe controls are a bit clunky, making combat harder than it should be. Especially with a sword, you really have to get used to the timing, otherwise enemies will chip away your health before you can even finish the first level. It's not a deal-breaker, though, as the controls are not unfair or unresponsive.It's quite difficultThis game is an absolute recommendation for those enjoying 2D platformers with a mean streak. It also has co-op! What else could you wish for? The co-op is still limited only to local, but on the discussion board the developer mentioned making online co-op. The fact that this game is still early access is fantastic, because it means from here on out it will only get better."
76561197979938008,Recommended,323220,13411883,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,xZenArcade,"Of all the recent 2d platforming roguelikes popping up on Steam, this easily sits alongside Spelunky as the deepest and most mechanically sound, and as of this review it's still in Early Access.  The graphics are nice, atmosphere is great and local co op is well implemented."
76561197993248610,Recommended,323220,19505935,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,El Mythical 23 k.s.c.,"This game is amazing! By far my favorite game of the year 2015. Casual and still difficult, great for wanting to just jump in for a few rounds. You don't have to invest a ton into this game to have fun. Vagante ranges from exploration speedrun to action platformer depending on class and style. Having a great item system that forces inventory management, with on the fly item customization. All using randomized; level, boss, loot, and shop. Super cool, if you enjoy rogue-like and platformers   I think its a must have. Worth full price I got it 10% off.Also:I love super meat boy and electronic super jam but this brings in the rogue-like that i really enjoy. I don't like spelunky for some reason just never got into it. This game ties everything togther very well. If you didn't enjoy spelunky give this one a try you might find something really enjoyable."
,Recommended,323220,15160240,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,[omn] Sun Tzu,"This game is simply amazing. For the small cost you get basically infinite replayability because the levels are randomly generated. There is a lot of depth in the items and characters in this game. Every single run plays a bit differently. Hope for some good chests to make things a bit easier, but PLAY SMART / PRECICELY and you will find the ""fair""-consistency you desire. Little mistakes are frustrating when you die (starting at level 1 again, losing all of your items), but it makes you want to LEARN to be a better Vagante player.Personally I like the rogue class the best.Another thing I really enjoy about this game is watching it develop. They update fairly consistently, and with every update comes feedback you can tell they are listening to (and replying to in the forums), and improved balance!I look forward to trying to improve enough to beat the catacombs! That level is nasty hard right now T.TI strongly recommend this game to anyone looking for a permadeath action platformer with RPG elements!"
76561198043729998,Recommended,323220,14346704,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Goblano,"Let me first tell you that this is in no way an easy game. And also, let me tell you it is marked as one of my favorite games of all time. It takes the platforming of Spelunky and adds a nice RPG element to it, from random weapon drops to the risky testing of potions.So let me tell you why to buy this. It is cheap for the god send that it is IN BETA. Hear that? Beta. And this♥♥♥♥♥♥is already the Jesus baby of Spelunky and whatever sweet suckulant damsel of RPG it fornicated. It is fun, challenging and you get better the more you play. And that Jesus is still in Beta. Which means it can only get better, and thats god damned impressive.Everyone who gripes about this game seem to have the same complaints:1) The controls are not smooth.-I debunk that by saying that these are basic platformer layouts, apart from the special skills that require you to do a few odd combonations but are nontheless very rarely used even if you spec for them.2) The classes are not balanced.-They are. Save for the mage who takes some getting used to because-3) The magic system sucks.-This is COMPLETELY false. It has a very unique mana system, yes. Having a direct amount available for use which is regenerated by a resavoir that grows as you find secrets, explore the map, identify items, etc. Which is, by far, the most astonishingly well thought out and greatly executed mana mechanic I have ever encountered.4) Magic sucks.-Magic is overpowered. Spells are rare, yes. But that comes with random loot. Some spells do rediculous amounts of damage at the cost of a lot of mana to deter the user from fire blasting every slime. And for the use of everyone, wands, so as not to leave the knight out of the magic game.5) Bosses are too hard.-Bosses are challenging and are easily scanned for their move sets which are unique and threatening in their own ways. Kind of like Dark Souls. And like DS, you can dodge every move with ease as long as you take your time.6) Healing is too drought out.-Healing is as random as every other element of the game, coming from potions, fairies, equipment, and sacrificing money. Just don't get hit and you are fine.7) Instant death traps.-Easily identified and easily avoidable...♥♥♥♥ing scrubs."
,Recommended,323220,13938191,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Desirsar,"If you like platformers, roguelikes, difficult games, or games with endless replay value, this is a good choice.  Well worth the price even in its current state, and will likely improve until it officially launches."
,Recommended,323220,22402538,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,💗Princess Rosie💗,Its an absolutely Wonderful game not only on game play but its also very visually pleasing. i will continue to play this game as it gets more and more developed ^w^
,Recommended,323220,29858999,Posted: 11 February,all,[  ҉  ] Gun Priest,"Most negative review of this game are from whiners who don't enjoy hardcore games. Permadeath and instant death are a part of the game that FORCES you to be as aware as possible of your surroundings. As the game stands it's amazing, if there were more classes and eventually some adventuring system like ADOM, this game would be king."
,Recommended,323220,13413566,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,v #wholesome,"The developers seriously know what they're doing! I haven't enjoyed a game this much in a long time and that's just my opinion on their ALPHA build. I know this game still has a ways to go before it reaches maturity, but so far, the adventure has been great and Vagante is definitely a game that will be heralded as one of the best indie titles."
,Recommended,323220,21975557,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ｋｅｎｓａ •,"One of the best rouguelike-type of game on steam.• The characters are amazing, but as the game is still in development, i guess they'll become even more fabulous! (i still want a support-role ♥)• Dungeons are nicely random generated, but sometimes you're more lucky to find those items that help more your class (not droping a bunch of wands as a knight ;-;);• Weapons and armors in general are randomly generated too, so sometimes you drop different types of daggers, swords, clubs, axes, bows/crossbows, wands (etc.) with their unique status and attack speed, that make every round more and more unique;• Potions and scrolls come unindetified, so you have to indentify it in some way, or just drink it and see what it happens, one nice thing that the ""white unindentified potion"" is not always your sweet regeneration potion that you droped last round, and when you drink it..... ""hm, that tasted strange"" *-5, -5, -5...• The navigation through the dungeon is one of the best things that this game offers; you must be really careful with those plates on the ground, and if you miss it and press: ""BAMS, 999 damage you're dead."";• Enemies and bosses are really challenging, since you have just one life, sometimes you really have to pay attention on those offensive patterns and dodge or block it to save your HP; every free damage you take counts, and if you're unlucky to not find any good healing items, you're pretty screwed!• I LOOOOVE the art in this game, 16 bits polished style simply amazing ♥♥♥; one of my inspirations on future development of my games since i studying game design and i want to make one game too!• Online multiplayer finally is out (and i was waiting for it before writing this review), and playing this game with other friends is sooooooo good; managing your life, items, healing items, droping items to each other, fighting bosses togheter and exploring carefully those stages... ah, awesome!Deeply recomend this to anyone that like RPG and those rouguelike mechanics of randomness and dying with inventory full of good supplies because of that goddamn boulder! haha11/10 would die again as a mage."
76561198011244448,Recommended,323220,18209553,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Legenditals,"A fantastic rogue like that tunes in on the ageless class based system, something I've personally always loved, ever since the original final fantasy games.In this game, at this time, you have 3 starting classes and one unlockable. The three main classes are knight, rogue, and mage. You level up as you play, and you can choose to spend stat points on increasing your basic stats, or unlocking affinities which can change your classes gameplay extremely.The levels and loot are randomly generated, and terrain is completely unforgiving. Small mistakes will put a quick finish to your game. When playing with friends if one dies, they're not completely out of the game. They can turn into a weak but extremely useful skeleton. Upon completing the level they died on, they can be revived in the inbetween level resting zone, should you want to.Even an early access, this game has a lot to offer."
,Recommended,323220,24125427,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sania122,"This game is awesome! My husband and myself, we always try to avoid early access game or that are in development due to obvious reasons. Thank godness there is still Vagante who would take that hate away from us. This game is fantastic, we love dark souls and roguelike-games and this little baby has everything. Of course Co-Op is still on the works but I am positive it will be fixed soon enough :). My only suggestion would be adding a little bit of backstory to it, but again, I think the way it is just works fine. We cant wait for the rest of the features in solo mode being added to co-op.10/10 will rage-quit again with my husband."
,Recommended,323220,17004006,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,SKUMJET,"*edit* after a few more deaths :)Vagente, is one of those games i dreamt of as a teen.WHAT I LIKESProcedural dungeons- allowing for solid replay.Constant Co-op-  with permedeath co-op would be terribly challenging, but with the dead being able to be ressurected by the living, this allows for some super fun co-op. Skellies can scout ahead, take agro but are frail and crap at combat.Fluid animation and solid gameplay design- it's quality.WHAT I'D CHANGESkellies-Seeing that they only make an appearance in multiplayer and death is common, i'd change them up.Grant them the ability to carry equipment (but not use) a melee weapon and a ranged weapon.Granting them the ability to rigger trap.Make have stats which gets diminished every time they res, as they lose bones, eventually becoming a ghost.Ghosts can no longer carry equipment, trigger traps, but have a bright light aura and can gain agro :)Quickswaps-Being able to bind equipment and spell configurations to the 1,2,3 & 4 keys.Gameplay settings-Would be nice to be able to tweak those variables to sculpt your play groups ultimate environment.Permedeath is a great motivator as it makes players get ""serious"" about the environment, it becomes less of a thing if you can only ever penetrate 2 dungeons down before everyone is dead (i play with a 10 and 4yo)MOAR HEROS!That's about it for what i feel about the game, ultimately- respect.This is an awesome title, one that i am NOT refunding :DI hope that my support helps to see it continue developement to that sweet spot i think i feel the devs are aiming for.Cheers!"
,Recommended,323220,13412421,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,megamegatime,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. I've played all kinds of action roguelikes, and I've given all kinds of myself to Spelunky, but this game beats it. Every little tweak that's made between versions cheeses me off at first, because it makes the game harder, but I soon come to understand the reasons behind them.I will have more to say when I'm less drunk, but....seriously, if you aren't playing Vagante, you're stupid. That's just a fact."
76561198030276034,Recommended,323220,19724444,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Skarrg,"Everything I try to write for praise of this game feels like it falls short. It's what I turn on when I come home from a crappy day and just want to let my brain unspool. Some combination of jumping around punching things with the little mohawk mononoke and really struggling with whether or not to blind equip the bow you just picked up before the Goblin boss works perfectly.The Local Co-op is a personal love and welcome favorite, and while four players can be chaotic, it's also amazing fun."
76561198258589232,Recommended,323220,23076718,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Bwahffles,"Overall: 9.5_________________Graphics:9/10- It's pixelated, so nothing groundbreaking here, but it's supposed to be nostalgic, and it does what it does very well.Sound:10/10Gameplay:10/10Story:...? There really isn't one, but you kinda feel like there is.-----------------------------Imagine if you took diablo on hardcore mode and made it play like an oldschool castlevania game; complete with beautifully fitting sound track.  Gameplay mechanics are very simple, especially in the beginning, yet as you level up and get new abilities, it actually becomes rather deep and complex for being a 2d platformer. It's hard, so don't get this if you're not looking for a challenge. You will die. Many times.  It's less forgiving than Dark Souls. Some of the enemies and obstacles may seem a bit unfair at first but after a while you start to be more aware of what you should be looking for; whether it be pressure-plate trap triggers or analyzing enemies' patterns to dodge and counter. You'll find your average play progression steadily rising once it starts to click.The real gem is online play with a full party of 4.  Once you've crawled through 6 dungeons together with your team and rest around the campfire together, you start to feel this real sense of bond with these people you're struggling to survive with.  Everyone I've played with has been a chill and/or friendly team player.I've only owned this game for 3 weeks and already they have patched one of my two issues with the game- their crashes on the online mode have seemingly stopped since they last patched, which even still to the time of me writing this you have to click a button saying you understand that the online mode is still very much in beta; to basically expect error , which now the only error i'm really seeing is that it's telling us we have more skill points to spend than we really do a lot of the timeThe only other issue I have is that the map is too small... you are literally 1 pixel on your high definition laptop screen on the little map you see in the corner, and I can't make out the map at all if I'm playing it on 1080i 40"" tv.Get this game. It's worth the money."
76561198039729288,Recommended,323220,14581226,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Sack,"This game has so much character. It is my personal, most favorite roguelike platformer that is available. Challenging, deep and immersive, this game has plenty of replayability and the art style/ soundtrack is nothing short of fantastic for what it is. Vagante apparently did not meet it's kickstarter goal which is a total and insufferable atrocity. There are many games trying to accomplish what this dev is doing and they are failing, yet somehow gaining more recognition than this one.People are comparing this game to Spelunky and I can see why. However, here are the reasons why you should play this one instead:*It doesn't look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Spelunky's art style is crisp but I feel like I am playing with Lego Duplos or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's weak and childish. Vagante's art is dark but also beautiful. Simply put just more well done all around.*It's more RPG-like. Knights, Mages, rogues and the mysterious Princess Mononoke-esque character (whatever is it, it's awesome). Leveling, high-loot emphasis, unlockable customization, etc..If you like games like Spelunky, Magicite, Risk of Rain, Catacomb Kids but it's important to you to have an immersive experience then this game beats them all. 10/10"
76561198035960664,Recommended,323220,21636810,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Boogihead,"Unlocked the Wildling and my first chest, in the caves, was a caestus (fist weapon) with Burning and Life Steal.Tons of fun going berserk and unleashing a flurry of punches into anything and everything.Except falling blocks.Those hurt.Like really bad.R.I.P Wildling."
76561198169664976,Recommended,323220,29618753,Posted: 31 January,all,Intersectional Muslim Feminist,Very fun game that challenges the player.  Many hours of gameplay and the game has really come far.  The developers continue to work hard and add exciting new contenet.
76561197960790817,Recommended,323220,14955507,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Philes,"This game is quite well executed.  Fun to play, and surprisingly fast paced (once you learn what the hell you're doing, that is).Which leads me to to my only tiny complaint:  There's very little in-game information on what a LOT of the objects do/are/affect.  For example, what do all the random statues do?  Also, many of the item descriptions are unclear as to their game effect.  While it becomes pretty obvious quickly, understanding what cursed is right away is annoying.  I thought it was a problem with my ability to navigate the menu UI first and being unable to equip something.The good news is all of these things are fixable as it's still in alpha.  All of the important things, such as music, style, and crispness of input, character responsiveness, etc. are all on point.It's worth checking out, and for 15 bucks you could do a LOT worse.Also, get used to dying a lot."
76561198030608408,Recommended,323220,23731232,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gerald,"Three things to narm about just to get them out of the way.-Bosses or generally destructive enemies can make the shopkeeper mad at you. Screw that.-Traps can be really, really unfair, but it's an equal hazard for you and enemies; plus if you take it slow enough, you can feel out whatever hazards there are in this dark, dank place (There is a walk function for a reason).-Enemies are supposed to be menacing and powerful. Enemies are resilient enough to where you need to understand how they attack to properly dodge and retaliate, but a few enemies don't give much chance for a reaction unless you have plain view and know it's coming, or get lucky with a fall or strange dodge or item effect.Both good and bad, though you might want to give the plant monster dude its own interactions, like while a head is munching you, making the others keep their distance. Otherwise it's just disappointment and shattered dreams for like ten seconds whilst it kills you.Overall, this is a spectacular early access, a Roguelite mix of Dark Souls, Spelunky, and Castlevania. Recommending this tomany a folk."
,Recommended,323220,21862455,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Flotts,"It's like Spelunky, but cooland funand not annoyingand a dev team that actually listens to their community"
76561197994548576,Recommended,323220,26104982,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Sugarfix,"I just wanted to say that I am thoroughly enjoying this game. It has a lot of similarities to a lot of other games (the levels remind me a lot of Spelunky, the overall gist of the combat is a bit like Rogue Legacy, the difficulty is a little bit Dark Souls), but it's very much its own thing.Its world is deadly, but not unfair, and the thematic elements are absolutely lovely! It rewards being meticulous and careful, and also experimenting with your surroundings and the enemies. There is a thoroughly surprising amount of depth packed into the relatively simple tiles. Every mechanic I've encountered so far feels really well thought-out, and they're often quite multidimensional (it took me probably four hours of gameplay to realize I could use the chicken to parachute, a la Ocarina of Time!).Oh, and the music is fantastic! The small characters and simple graphics may not be for everyone, but the vibe and sense of wonder and discovery about this game are gorgeous.The last thing I would say about Vagante is that I really love how I can play it for just 10 or 15 minutes at a time. There are progress saves between each level, so it's really easy to play one or two at lunch break, or before heading off to work.Anyway, enough gushing. I really like this game. If you're looking for something Rogue Legacy ish, but a little slower and more thoughtful, I'd say you can't go wrong with Vagante."
,Recommended,323220,18478614,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Glori4n,"Ah... What a delightful experience.I would like to start this by saying it has been a long time since I last played a game so cativating like this one... Unfortunately I am not a child anymore and I have to stop some time for I need to work by the morning, if I was still young, I would probably keep playing this until the sun rises.* While it still under development, the game already offers amuch too polished gameplay mechanicswith a wide variety of skills and abilities to be used, and of course, each class has their own or uses them more effectively.*Punishing difficulty, something that very little game developers nowadays tend to do wrong, by just increasing the enemy's parameters, however Vagante does it properly by making the player undergo a punishing and often little rewarding exploration through the cave, making the character exhausted, and that's when the Boss shows up, most of the time. Even though you might get killed often, that will only make you want to do better next time.* AGood level design, the caves do not seem to be only randomly generated, as I did not find any way to be permanently stuck, nor did i find breakable walls that leads to nowhere, not even collision bugs. 2D games tends to have at least one or two of these spots, due to the complex space-detection-scripting.* AResponsiveinput and alsovery little is required to runthe game.* AFair price.Yes,the game could be a little more versatileby allowing the player to willingly travel to other locations, shops, etc... And also,character leveling is something that should be constantand not during rest-like periods, for a game like this:You achieve the required points > You Level Up > you gain your hability point > You spend and that's it.Although those are not to be frowned upon yet, it would be pleasant to see the game walk towards this way, as success would be inevitable.More classesand of course, a""Character Creation""which i believe it would not be hard to implement at all and would be better than generate skin over skin. a humble tip from an ""Amateur Developer"" like me: Generate the character parts separetely (Head/Torso/Lower Gear and Gloves) creating a sprite sheet to each, next, set them all as strings and call them in their respective flag to whatever Window_Character_Creation HUD you come up with, it will give the player that feel that he is unique, making the game progression far more pleasant to achieve.The only thing I am really worried right now, is that someday the developer quits updating this Project, that would be most unpleasant, as this absolutely has the potential to surpass every other game in his category, heck,I would even go as far as sponsoring this projectif it walks towards the right way.An honest 10/10, Good Work!- Glorian"
,Recommended,323220,17393278,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,anglerman,"Can't get enough of this little gem right here.One of a few games that I feel does everything it wants to do in a way no less than fantastic:Platforming is fun and non-linear in many cases, making good use of every mechanic it has;Combat is very interesting in its positioning-focus, controlling where your enemies are in relation to you, using the level itself as protection and ways to get an advantage and it's extremely satisfatory on its own;Looting is very detailed indeed, items have often effects other than their stats that may alter the way you play the entire game very often, tons of potions and scrolls guarantee you'll never know what to expect and they are overall very creative, however weapons drop far too rarely, though.Atmosphere is incredible. I feel so immersed playing this, it does a great job at putting sound, music, visuals and gameplay together to build something more, in a very non-pretentious way.Difficulty can feel tricky at times, as it requires a different philosophy to play it. It's a game about being cautious to EVERY aspect it presents. Every mechanic can and will be used against you in case you didn't play carefully. Precise platforming is required to manipulate every combat situation to your advantage; opening menus doesn't pause the game, leaving you vulnerable; newfound items might include negative stat reductions and your field of view should really scare you as much as it does for the very first moments of the game.I'd definitely recommend this, it's all about caution, paying attention to details and being very well rewarded for exploration and manipulating the game in your favor."
,Recommended,323220,17834837,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Gehab,"Absolutely in love with this game so far. It definitely needs more publicity as it's a godsend to people who love retro graphics and adventure games. I usually hate having to start over when losing all my stuff (this game has perma death), but it's so quick to start over and all the dungeons are randomly generated so you never lose interest.The Good:Extremely tight and responsive controls.Skill is rewarded.Classes are varied and if you get bored of one, you can easily switch to the next one after death.Nice Soundtrack.Local Multiplayer. Not alot of PC games do this. (Online is coming soon as well)Retro graphics look amazing.The Bad:Framedrops cause slowdown. And even if you have a GTX 980 you might experience framedrops when lots of stuff is happening. (I'm certain this will be fixed in the future though, since it is in alpha. So I'll update my review once it is)The forest is (atleast in my opinion) a little bit too high of a step up from the dark cave in terms of difficulty.Seriously though, this is still in alpha and it's already better some full releases out there.11/10"
,Recommended,323220,26823727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sleepy toad,"Vagante is the perfect mix between a rogue like and an RPG and currently one of my favourite games on steam.You start each run by choosing one of four classes (Knight, Mage, Thief and the more unconventional""wildling"" which involves you hokuto shinken-ing your way through your enemies) and then proceed to venture into a randomly generated cave which will eventually lead to 3 other unique areas, each housing their own stage hazards, secrets, enemies and bosses.As you progress through each zone you will obtain equipment that carries uniques properties that change the way you can interact with the environment, from double jumping to straight up noclipping for a short time.Every run involves a sense of adventure, and the different combinations between classes/perks/equipment guarantee that there is always room for experimentation. In a time when rogue-likes of varying quality are crowding the steam store, Vagante manages to shine through as proof that this genre can still be taken further and expanded upon.Bonus points for having user-friendly and functional online co-op even in Early Access !"
76561198116188061,Recommended,323220,19112197,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Titman,"Loved this game from the 1st death (took me 10sec).Its fun and really challenging.The game combines Isaac and Spelunky and can easily become the next best thing in the store!More items,levels,enemies and secrets are needed to boost the replay value but its still Alpha version so all I can say is that I cant wait for it.Keep fresh ideas coming and dont abandon this game.We love it!"
76561198013972981,Recommended,323220,24866075,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Buko Kylen,"This is a fantastic game that really has a nostalgic feel to it for me. Despite the initial feeling of it being a simplistic game, it's not. I love the art, and the level of difficulty. I look forward to the changes they will make in the future development of this awesome game! This is one of those games for me that I'll always come back to play again and again."
76561198024315531,Recommended,323220,33576908,Posted: 15 July,all,Gothmer,"I got this game very early into development. I've stacked quite a few hours into multiplayer with my brother and friends and have watched it grow. The developer has regularly come out with updates and it has grown quite quickly into a very good game that I have thoroughly enjoyed. This is early access done right. It is now climbing towards 1.0 and I felt the need to give a review.This game is brutal and unforgiving in single player, while multiplayer allows for the possibility of revival. It is very roguelike at its core. Death is the end, and it comes easy. However, I find the difficulty to not be very frustrating. After I die, which is practically inevitable, I am eager to begin again and see how far I can go.Bosses are difficult, until you start to figure out their patterns. Some bosses will remain difficult, even if you do know the patterns. Difficulty also very much depends on the luck of the draw when it comes to loot, but that is half the fun! Especially when you are rushing to get it before your friends.The developer intends on working some balance issues out in the future, which I believe is needed. The wildling is horribly underpowered right now, while the rogue is perhaps the easiest way to progress through the levels.Overall, this game is wonderful. It has come a long way from when I first bought it. I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a difficult game."
,Recommended,323220,13509796,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,kdanielku,"played the alpha demo, now playing the new version which is in early access, so of course this is not a complete game, it will develop during 2015! I'm enjoying it, it's different every time since the levels are randomly generated.. there are already a range of different weapons, scrolls, potions and so on, I hope they keep on adding stuff.here's what I dislike: when you enter the Forest or the Ruins it gets ridicolously hard one of a sudden, when you get there the first time you die quickly, because you don't expect it, you get spammed by attacks and huge strong enemies. they charge at you, and since it's very open you die very quick. of course this is work in process and needs balancing, I just wanted to point that out.there's a hidden character, I like the look but I don't get what his abilities supposed to be.. no starting weapon, no skill upgrade. so I guess he or she is a work in process character aswell.also there seems to be difficulties after you played a while, I'm not so sure what each difficulty means... but it's good that you're trying a not-so-obvious route here. deprived is starting without weapons right? but what about 'strong'?I like this game so far, it's quite hard right now and needs balancing. but if you want to shape this game and you're into challenging roguelikes, I recommend this game to you. just don't expect a finished game, because that would be silly."
76561198291155466,Recommended,323220,22888837,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,rydewerff,"FANTASTIC, FANTASTIC GAME. Kinda reminds me if old school Legends of Zelda in the dungeons aspect, but a Minecraft world in its randomness. It's creative, it's addicting, and it's everything I could want in a dungeon-combat game"
76561198041967636,Recommended,323220,19707838,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,deviousname,"What a great gem of a game! I am excited for the game to be complete. To complete all the levels the game currently has took me to between 150 to 200 deaths or so. I have not tried the multiplayer yet, but I have watched some youtube videos of multiplayer and it looks like a blast. The rogue and warrior are very fun classes to play. I didn't enjoy the mage so much, but in multiplayer I can see it being a valued class. For solo play if you want to get far learn the warrior first then master the rogue. It was with rogue I was able to get to the end of all the levels.Extremely fun game and I hope the developer keeps the updates rolling and also makes new games with the same love as this game was made with.10/10 as a roguelike in development.6/10 as a completed game if development were to permantly stop right now."
,Recommended,323220,32508562,Posted: 17 June,all,PegBeard,"[TL;DR] Superb game. Highly recommend.The Rogue-Like elements are done well. You will recognise areas after a while, but the structure and placement methods keep the same areas feeling different for each run. Though the levels can feel a bit short at times, they are always interesting to navigate and explore.Combat is satisfying. Button mashing will get you killed, but properly executed tactics are rewarding. In 78 hours of gameplay (at time of writing) I have rarely felt like a death was cheap. Every hit taken, or missed attack is down to my own error, not glitchy hitboxes/mechanics.Character diversity doesn't feel limited by the chosen class. The, current four, classes each have their own perks, but there is no pressure to play a specific way or use a certain weapon.Item diversity. Though the selection of weapons may seem limited, compared to other games, the balance actually works in the game's favour. Going for a handful of architype weapons, with stronger varients, and a veriety of enchants means you are more likely to find the weapon you want but you are not guarenteed the stats you want.My few complaints with the game are so minor, I am not going to bother highlighting them, as they will likely be resolved before full release."
,Recommended,323220,18374914,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,suspicious-looking guy,"update:Good news everyone! With the new update, this game features a linux and mac version!No more wine!All hail Nuke Nine! :D- - - -I played the alpha 8 version before I bought this game.I wasn't sure if I should buy it or not, many developers make horrible updates and the games get sh***y. I don't regret buying this game though, it got really good.I suggest playing the free alpha version of this game. It changed alot, yet it feels the same.You should be prepared for the following, if you want to play the game:frustration; randomized levels combined with insta-kill elements and perma death.. oh yeahalways start from 0; one does not simply start at the second areahard; in my opinion this is nothing for casual-gamersno online-coop; yet. they work on it though, i bet it will be available soon.What you get:local-coop; very well done, not like spelunkys excuse for a local-coop modecontrols; the game plays very good. also the game keeps in mind how you put the controls, even with no-name gamepads (which also work flawless btw!)fun; despite the frustration I always find myself playing again.active development; the developers are putting much effort into the game. Updates come pretty fast and Im gladly thankful for each of them.If you want to play this game with wine on linux:I do that alot (different pc, different account, different play-time) and it works pretty flawless. But you should never ever change the screensize by pulling a corner. I promise you, you will regret this. Just use the in-game option ""fullscreen"" or leave the window small."
76561198041213822,Recommended,323220,31739851,Posted: 13 May,all,RoseHawka,"One of the better games i've played in recent years.Pure hardcore platformer RPGing.Always frustrating when you die after some silly mistake on the 4th level with a character with a tonne of prime loot.And yet the next day you're somehow starting it all up again and having another crackI've never gotten too far in this game, but I love the challenge and get better every year."
76561198089237629,Recommended,323220,17170513,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Snakezarr,"This game is amazing, even though its only early access I'd say it has enough content to warrant its price tag and then some. Its controls are very tight which is essential for this  kind of game ( The devs have nailed this so so well) every enemy can be baited and controlled which I really love. You can also turn around almost ANY run the use of the randomness of items mixes well with skills as you have control over how things go but items make it easier or harder, it doesn't just make the game unwinnable. 10/10"
76561198066804065,Recommended,323220,16539026,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mr_Victory,"This game is a really good buy for many reasons and its really good replayabilityHas great artwork artworkEvery run is not the sameEnemies AI is really good so it's really hard to cheeseAll weapons and armor have a very high chance to give you bonus modifiers which can be good and bad from burning, freezing, posion life steal, double jump, water breathing, timely infinite jumps4 characters to choose from each with different styles of gameplayA nice tutorial which explains all the basic's plus how easy it is to die if you don't concentrateA hint that there will be online multiplayer (Which I'm really hyped over)There's fortnightly updates so there's always something new for the futureYou can change the controls and play with a gamepad (Which imo I recomend and play around with the layout to your liking)Just saying you will die, learning the enemies paterns the traps on later floors and just putting yourself in bad situations if you don't look where your going. So don't get disheartened if your not pro from the start just keep on going over and over, becuase the further you get into the game the crazier the modifiers on your weapons, and armor will beAll in all if you like perma death rogue likes that test you whatever it throws at you. This game is for you, remember to keep on trying over and over and don't give up! :D"
,Recommended,323220,13426341,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Spear Deer,"This is an absolute gem. I didn't think that I was going to fall so inlove with it, but I totally did. Its a lot like spelunky, but it has way more focus on classic roguelike elements. Its hard as hell though. You've been warned."
,Recommended,323220,21467816,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ｈｏｏｄ  カセットの神,"Pretty much an amazing game in concept, the only issue is since it's so early on in developement it lacks a lot of lasting power. Atleast in my opinnion I believe the game would be much better if there was an actually sense of progression via addition of more rpg elements that persist through all your dungeon runs and not just unlocking new characters and perks. The perks as they are right now to say the least are pretty underwhelming and don't really change the gameplay that much sadly. Also I feel like there is a bit of a balancing issues with the classes themselves, some classes excel at combat far greater then others and some skills almost feel completely useless compared to others. I have high hopes for this game since the art style is fantastic and the gameplay feels tight. I wish updates were more impactful but I mostly only see balancing changes to the core gameplay itself which are about every two weeks. I would reccomend this game as is currently but you shouldn't expect too much from it at this point."
,Recommended,323220,15925005,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Anzariel,"It's funny to think how Indie games have stolen my soul these past few years. Only L4D2 and DMC3 managed to get over the 100 hours, the first because most of my friends play it and revel in it's chaos, and the later because I'm a freaking SSS maniac obsessed with perfect ranks. Dark souls is different, it's a game for real mans, it knows it's not a casual AAA game.But every other single big titles can consider themselves lucky to be even played through. And I mean, I try, sometimes I even hope it gets good, but it often fails to deliver. Even DmC was baaaaad, hell, EVEN XCOM: Enemy Unknown failed to get a second playthrough. And it's X-COM material.But games like The Binding of Isaac? Xenonauts? Dungeons of Dredmor and Don't Starve? Terraria, Starbound, you name it. These games captivates me so much. Maybe it's because they don't treat me like a child or an idiot. Maybe they don't feel bad about beating me to the ground. Maybe they think I like it, want more, thirst for vengeance and have a chance to show the game who's behind the controller. Maybe their mojo captured my mind, their music trapping my brain...Plus these games are well made. The hundreds of items in Isaac, the 70+ classes of Dredmor, the random levels, the effect of surprise always being present, everything from the colors to the little details...How could you not love this?Well, Vagante is among these. Right in the tutorials it shows you what's up by killing you twice. There. Now you know what's gonna get you. And the first couple of runs are tough, maybe even unfair and infuriating. But then you kill your first boss. Open your first great chest. Equip that fat loot. And break your first statue....I shouldn't have done that, I should not have done that!But if it was only about the rad difficulty then I'd play Real-Life: The Game. Vagante has a beautiful aesthetic to it, it has an enchanting charm when you first select your characters (via tarot cards, that's pretty neatto). From there, all you see is a gaping hole in the wall daring you to go inside. The warmth of the torches begging you to stay, the vines over the remains of decaying structures saying you shouldn't be there and that little bug just minding it's own business. The game feels alive. It is a beast baiting you with items, pieces of gold, dangers and rewards. The music and the sound effects are all suiting, the characters are easily recognizable. How could you resist? So you hop in. The gap behind you shutting down, only one way to go. You brace yourself, as the environments around you changed from last time's attempt. And you know you have high chances of kicking the bucket. Yet you go stab that slime, it deserves it. Stupid slimes.Vagante is not a complete game, yet it already does so much. If you think you want to try it out based on that I wrote, then you should give it a proper try. I know, from the feels of it, that I will play it for hours and hours."
76561198160489740,Recommended,323220,18925327,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,JhonBlyat,Roguelike/rpg indie pixxxeeelsss~!!This game has awesome elements like you've never seen before!If you like to put effort in games and complete lvl's that are actually hard this would be your game.There are diffirent kinds of mobs/classes/dungeons/items wich are all unique.Every run is diffirent and no run is easy!i'll give this game a 12 / 10 because i had lot's of fun and gametime on it. (while its not fully released ! )keep on going devs this game is great!
76561198032067409,Recommended,323220,13947698,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,USM-Valor,"Vagante is a fantastic game that keeps improving with each update. The DEVs are responsive to both suggestions and bugs. If you enjoy Spelunky or Rogue Legacy, but wish for more of an RPG flavor, this is the game for you. I highly recommend it to anyone who is even remotely interested in playing indie games."
,Recommended,323220,24528705,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Drae,"Imagine Spelunky, but with better fighting and cooler stuff. --- 11/10"
76561198105209265,Recommended,323220,18875881,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Crow Crown,The game needs alot balance changes but you can already enjoy hours of gameplay in this alpha state game.
76561198074908316,Recommended,323220,25435692,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Red White nBlue,"Dungeon crawler with a variety of items and abilities. Like Spelunky with RPG mechanics. Alot of instant death and high damage enemies.What you should know before going in is that the bosses after the first world are incredibly unfair, leaving few openings to actually hit them. It may be because the game is early access that the bosses are as difficult as they are. Before you buy, know that the game is very hard once past the first world.I still recommend the game. Very few games like this on Steam. Unfortunate that there is still no ending yet. But at least the developer is constantly updating it."
76561198046180036,Recommended,323220,33195050,Posted: 3 July,all,Cpl. Letsnisky [2RB],"Vagante is a quite the hidden gem. The elements within the game (Perma Death, Level System, Combat, etc.) are all very well done. Overall, even though the game is still in early access, it definitely deserves a try. If you like rogue-likes in the slightest, this game is worth the purchase. My 100+ hours on the game can vouch for how enjoyable it is, and how it continues to do a great job at keeping me coming back for more."
76561197993826401,Recommended,323220,23511168,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Gustav,"Despite the simplicity, one of the best indie games. Very precise and unforgiving, yet with a lot of skill and personality. The spirit of Dark Souls in 2D, if not as story-rich. Note: I actually only played about 20h so far. Didn't beat it yet."
76561198175686175,Recommended,323220,23563706,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Question,"Stage 1 Caves: This is your tutorial of the game, it's mechanics, and with some fairly easy bosses to make you feel good about yourself. If you value your life and valuables I suggest not going into the ruins, you're going to have a bad time.Stage 2 Forest: Ok, you're doing good you got past the easy part. The forest isn't bad except for the bowman shooting you, the golems with large hp and heavy hits, the birds that throw knifes, and the maneating plants (those f**king maneating plants). The bosses seem overwelming at first but after some deaths you learn their patterns and the best approach assuming you have reasonable equipment.Stage 3 Catacombs: Awesome you made it to the catcombs, if you thought the caves very claustrophobic then you'll love this place. First off, prepare to die many times. The catcombs are not your friend nor will it ever be. It's not a fun place, if you don't have the right items to make things easier or have the ability to dodge everything and run. Chances are that place will be your catacombs. If you get molested by giant hands don't say we didn't warn you. Now then, the bosses. IF you are not totally insane or you're confident in your skill and equipment you can try the bosses. One of them you can most likely beat. Another will take some time and good dodge skills. The last one you will most likely die, he hits hard and is scary head to toe, not to mention moves fast. But don't bite off more then you can chew because once you reach the catacombs you really get the sense that you'll do anything to survive because you don't want to do everything over again.Stage 4 The Rift: For completing your periless journey through the catacombs you are rewarded to a beautiful scenery and music. That's pretty much all the reward you'll receive. The enemies are designed to kill you shortly but the biggest obstacle is the fact you're on mini f**king islands that have teleportation doors that need time to charge the first time you use them. But those things are the little concerns you have to deal with. just pray you don't land on an island with the boss. If you are one of those people who needs to fight every boss God Speed you suicidal maniac. 9/10 times you will die in this place, at least you die in the floating sky. But, this is either the hardest stage or the easiest, if you have one item you can complete The Rift will hardly any trouble. But that is up to chance and fate to decide if you obtain it.End: You reach the end and are rewarded with overhead text that comends your efforts, then you go to new game+ and do it again.10.1/10 would die countless time to see that ending text again. It's so beautifully written...Good luck, don't die"
76561198194881228,Recommended,323220,23280654,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,CoalWhite,"It will kill you, this game. And you will laugh as it does.Also, solid devs! New content, music, sprites, items, AI and levels are added often enough to keep it fresh and making it better by each release."
76561198069529846,Recommended,323220,23331917,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,myleftleghaswenttotallynumb,"At first this game will take awhile to get used to, but if you can get past learning all the little nuances in the mechanics this game will keep you entertained for hours at a time."
76561198040732694,Recommended,323220,14834858,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,WaspEater,"Hard, unforgiving, all your mistakes count. Nothing is more frustrating as dying in Vagante. You lose everything all your gear and skills. No other option as starting again. The thing that keeps you on track is random items in random dungeon stages. Every game is a different challenge. You get better and better with each run.Nevertheless, if you are careless for a second it is still possible to die in seconds. However, it is never unfair! All traps are visible. All enemies can be beat. Maybe not during your first run that is for sure. ;)  Learn weaknesses of the boss enemies in each dungeon stage. Learn to use your skills effective. In addition, chose your battleground well. That is the motivating core of Vagante.Game Graphics are awesome. I really love it.One last advice don´t drink Poison.If not convinced yet try the Demo of V8 the website. Don´t forget things have changed until today because the game is now on V 15a. It convinced me to buy it.http://vagantegame.com/Update:Still in love with that game! Sometime it is frustrating as hell. But I always come back.And there are so many small things added with the updates over time which realy makes me love the game more and more.DEVS:Vagante gets constant Updates & Fixes. I rarley see that much updates and fixes on a early access title. Great Job!"
76561198062526269,Recommended,323220,23410251,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Swarm of Rats,"Much like spelunky but with RPG elements. I would argue this game is far superior. It has an interesting way of making you feel super powerfull and awesome and then killing you for a lack of caution.There are 4 classes each with their own set of skills so that you may level up in a direction that fits your playstyle.Knight (Sword, Defence, Holy)Mage (Alchemist, Enchanter, Spellcaster, Wand)Rogue (Shadow, Archery, Acrobatics, Dagger)Wildling (Fists, Berserker, Animal)In addition to the classes there is your standard set of stats that you may level up, as well as enchanted combat agumenting equimpent that can completely change your fighting style by equipping it. Random loot and permadeath gives this game an excellent capacity for replay. If you are looking for a good sidescrolling rogue-like Rpg you can keep coming back to, look no further, Vagante delivers to the hardcore and casual alike."
,Recommended,323220,24383633,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Syrsly,"Vagante is one of the best 4-player, shared-screen, cooperative, roguelike, semi-permadeath dungeon-crawling platformers I ever played.  It's not quite as challenging or clever as Rogue Legacy, but Vagante supports multiple players, so it has that as a major advantage.  It's fast-paced, scary at times, and has a lot of explorable environments (it's a roguelike, duh, it has infinite environments).  It provides you with 4 seemingly unisex character classes, a level-up system, equipment, standard potions and other healing items, and magic spells learned mostly from spellbooks.  Combat is difficult but simple enough for new players to jump right in.  Players cannot hot-join or join in the middle of dungeon levels, but there are break zones or lobby areas to chill, let players join, and prepare for the next level.Overall, Vagante is well worth its initial price of $14.99, even if you only play alone, because it provides a fairly well polished experience that's simply not common in the roguelike genre.  It's great for multiple players, as well, and I bought the game for that purpose.  I'm completely satisfied even though the game is in Early Access."
76561197967070224,Recommended,323220,14413668,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Darkstar,A really fun action roguelike that can only improve in the future. Fans of Spelunky should greatly enjoy. 9.2/10
76561198044148484,Recommended,323220,21479642,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Yeoj13,"-This game is a great roguelike, glad it is on steam.-They have regular updates and the game is fun and easy to get a hang of.-The game is already pretty deep, with a good deal of content already as of February 26, 2016.-Still in ""Early Acess"" and working, this game is not dead. Cannot wait to see what will be added next.$15.00 USD well spent"
,Recommended,323220,16108304,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Proglodyte,"For an Early Access title, this game lends to you an excellent experience: There are versatile sets of skills, weapons, and unlockable characteristics to define your dungeon crawler in his/her own unique way, as well as anxiety-pressing traps, challenges and bosses on each level to refuel the addiction to retry this game over-and-over a couple hundred deaths.But with that said, the term 'lend' I used on top is a very appropriate, as there are currently only 6 levels (2.5 worlds with 3 stages each) which cuts the replay value off a few inches on the yard stick.There is, however, a Princess Mononoke-themed druid/monk class, and that makes me happy. :)"
76561198051803073,Recommended,323220,13430803,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Susivasara,"Tough game. Very nice feel to it with nice graphics and soundtrack.No remorse, hone your skills!"
,Recommended,323220,19460806,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,JYJY<3,"Its a really outstanding  Roguelike game mixed with the ARPG elements,even though its still Early Access.The game is challenging---seriously---CHALLENGING!!!!Each playthrough is quite unique.Every character has his own perks.You need to make your every step carefully,do not forget to seek any sign of the trap,try avoid them,because the traps in game are generally deadly.(like spines,falling rock,these stuffs would kill you instantly)Also,Vagante has beautiful pixel art,mysterious atmosphere and fair-sounding BGM.Its really enjoyable.Enter the dungeon,kill the monsters and boss,find magic equitments.After exiting each stage,you would have a chance to take a break near the bonfire(   This reminds me of DarkSouls :D   )Reach the new stage,and die,then make a new playthrough.If you love challenges,Vagante won't disapiont you."
76561197993581844,Recommended,323220,20339402,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Saborone,"One of the best games I played in a long time, even being on early access it already have a bunch of good aspects to keep you playing for hours and hours consecutively, and on the next day come back for more.It gets even better if you have friends to play with, I played this game with a friend for an entire day and dint get tired of it, because for me, this game holds the balance between reward and difficult, you will want to throw your controller or even your computer in the wall cause you can't beat the first level and keeps dying and dying, but instead of being a game that you feel frustrated because the controls are bad or the game is just unfair, you feel like you need to get better on it, you just can't be a warrior and die on the first 3 seconds because you dint saw that f_cking trap, or the mage who jumps into a spike and dies before getting the perfect gear with the perfect stats, you need to keep going, you need to beat that boss without loosing that much health... But then when you get the hang of it, and finally beat that boss that you struggle for hours, you feel like the best human being, you want to scream to everybody: -I did, did you see that? DID YOU SEE THAT!!! (Just for a second latter you steps into a trap and gets smashed by a rock.). But you will come back for more suffering and joy, because the best is that the game is procedurally generated, so you will never know what to expect.Certainly it still need some improvements here and there, but like I said, its a really good game already.So if you asking if this game worth the price, in my humble opinion I say... Yes it definitively do, and I think it will worth even more after the online coop comes out.Congratulations Nuke Nine for the game.(PS: Sorry for my neanderthalensis english, I learned it by my self and I getting better... I guess?)."
,Recommended,323220,17672399,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Gaudion,"Undeniably my favorite Rogue-like on Steam.You feel like you're playing with Spelunky's platforming; but you also can get some of Gauntlet's dungeon crawling with friends /w a loot system of rather diverse effects and improvements alongside the capability of your items becoming Cursed and tethered to your very being until removed.Monsters are rather simplistic to interact with by attacking them, bouncing on their head or just by moving past them so they don't really pose any direct threat to you in the right environment, but this game makes sure that the environment is just as much your enemy as they are with the innumerable amount of traps and secrets withheld.This game in truth can be beaten in two ways; power through the forces by getting properly equipped and decimating all that stands in your way or merely running for your life through hell and back out to the end.If the monsters aren't a bother enough however, then prepare to deal with the bosses of this game as they can rail through you, smash you to bits or even set you on fire in the most unholy manners possible, albeit there are few in variety in the current status of the game, they still hold a great challenge no matter how many times or how long you've played this game.Also in just the event that if you can't just slam the game into oblivion by raw skill from learning the nuances, there's some pretty cool stuff to unlock to make your playthroughs tailored to your preference or even change it up /w more players by playing the Local Multi-Player currently in the game along Single Player with Online Multi-Player on the way.TL;DR Version:The game has very intriguing similiarities to other titles in very good ways through mechanic design and shows great promise for where it currently is in development.Currently this game has Single and Local Multi-Player (Couch Co-op only) with Online Multi-Player on the way, so even if you may not like the game by yourself; it will definitely be worth it to play with friends.If you like rogue-likes with a decent amount of accessible and cohesive design to appreciate, then get this game."
76561197994073235,Recommended,323220,25092624,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,xxiem,"The Good:- insanely fun local co-op- unique and challenging boss fights- great replayabilty- high skill cap- a TON of content, including items, spells, secrets, etc.- extremely polished visuals and audioThe Bad:- it's hard?This dev shop is on top of their♥♥♥♥♥♥  You can see in the release notes how responsive they are to bug reports and the like. On top of that, the visual effects seem like they are as high a priority as the gameplay, which isn't always the case with indie games.Online play is an option, and while the experience (camera, start menu) is a lot better than local co-op, nothing beats getting four people in a room and spending the next few hours laughing/crying trying to beat this game.I highly reccomend everyone tries this game.  It is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast."
76561198149997470,Recommended,323220,20654359,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Oysterpuke,"This is the best Rogue Lite I have played yet, due to the fact that everything comes together in a flavorful pallet that simply works well in every single way. The artwork combined with the amazing musical score depicts a state of whimsical malaise and curiosioty. This goes well with the randomly generated levels. The RPG elements are simple, yet have a complex and meaningful outcome as to not overcomplicate the decisions made in the leveling the process. In other words, you spend less time in ""cause"", and feel a lot more ""effect"" when spending your experience points. Your hero will develop and become powerful, while suddenly you say ""Wow, I did that?"" Many would wory that the RPG elements would make the permadeth even more frusterating... to the contrarty, the permadeth allows the player to reset and start over, learning from mistakes in a easy to use and non frustrating way. Again, simply put, the point spending in the leveling system is very simple to use, yet very effective and versatile.I take much pleasure in a game with many collectable items, gear, loot, etc... Vagante has that too. To no suprise whatsoever, it is incorperated well. The randomness of the dungeon keeps me playing. I am always all too excited to see how the levels will play out. This is why I personally love Rogue Lites, because no matter what, there is always unlimited replayability. As long as it is fun, addictive, and goal oriented. All of which, you can find in this game.Experience this journey for yourself. I would highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,323220,18439129,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Milton,"If you love Spelunky, must try Vagante, just can't stop chanllenging it. nice rogue-like game with RPG elements!"
,Recommended,323220,20683409,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Stefan,"Hey! This is an Early Access review, hmk? So, basically:If you took Spelunky for a ride and sprinkled Castlevania all over it you'd probably get something like Vagante.It's a very, very fun game, with a significant amount of replay value as it is. For those who fear early access titles being left behind, the updates come really often (The two week period is real), now and again with significant content that alters gameplay in some way of form.There is already content to be unlocked on the game (Perks, basically) and some are *specially* creative, to the point of making some playthroughts simply unique in shape and form. Some content is still lacking, however, as to be expected: Online co-op, as of jan 2016, still doesn't exist. But it's very comforting to know that it is on the road map for the development.For the price and content it stands today, however, it's a good recommendation. Keep it on your sights, at least."
,Recommended,323220,33237413,Posted: 4 July,all,golq,"This game is great! Challenging, but not really frustrating and very fun at the same time. Graphics are very well done, and sound effects fit perfectly. The game contains 4 different Acts, each harder to beat than the previous. Every level has its own unique boss. Loot is alright. It definitely needs some balancing though, but the devs mentioned that they will work on it before releasing version 1.0. Speaking of the devs, they are very active and vocal with updates and such, share their thoughts about what should and shouldn't be added/fixed, which you don't see that often. Overall, for being unbalanced and still in early access game, Vagante offers a lot! Can't wait to see the polished end product with (hopefully) everything balanced!"
,Recommended,323220,14845659,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,a5s,"I've played through all the levels that there are in vagante, and its a difficult game to master, it took me half this time (30 hours) getting to the first half of the game, and every moment i played was exciting, its all about not knowing what comes next and how you'll tackle your problems, It's all very fight or flight combat, it's awkward, but you get used to it, fighting isn't really that graceful in reality anyway. Gaining levels allows you to choose a new mechanic to one of the weapons that you spawn with, and they're all useful and worth taking depending on what you're planning, One of the most impressive elements of the game is it's ability to surprise you at every corner, enemy AI is smart, doesn't really let you take them out easily, and getting hit is very easy. Another thing that will likely end your run sooner than enemies is spiked floors and boulders that fall from the ceiling, There's even items that specifically protect you from these, This forces you to pace yourself, Either that or risk death each time you drop from a platform. I can't wait to see what could come after this 3 first set of levels. I see myself spending a lot more time in vagante, there's nothing like starting a fresh run with your favorite class."
76561198041192085,Recommended,323220,14889473,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Sly 🐢,"This game has been my ""bored go to"" game for a while now. I'm acutally really suprised with how well made and addictive this game is. Considering it's still in early dev, i can only expect more great things.keep it up Nuke Nine."
76561198085193084,Recommended,323220,23039699,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Versuski,"Before I even start on the gameplay and the presentation, let me first say that Vagante is the epitome of the Early Access system. There have been, for over a year now, consistent updates every 3 or so weeks, without fail. Developers like Nuke Nine are what gives me hope for the constantly abused Early Access system. Now that my gushery is over, let's look at the actual game.For the presentation, we get a lovely score and sound design by Sam English that really eminates a feeling of solitude, but still encourages you to press on until you find that one magical sword or that one rare wizard hat. The sprites are to die for, the character sprites in particular. (These have since changed since the trailer released, so if you didn't like those, they aren't what I'm talking about.) Additionally, each of the four playable classes has four different sprites to choose from, with a grand total of 16 (20, if you count skeletons) different character sprites! Every animation is smooth and crisp, so everything looks exactly like it's intended to.Regarding the gameplay, the platforming is smooth, the combat is fun, and each class really feels different. Each trap or enemy placement makes total sense, so every piece of precious health lost really feels like it's the player's fault. The game is great fun on your own, sure, but playing with 3 friends is a complete blast, and truly feels like it works hand-in-hand with the singleplayer game. It doesn't feel tacked-on afterthought, but it doesn't feel like the entire focus of the game either, which is something a lot of these co-operative indie games in the market nowadays need more of, a proper singleplayer experience. I won't go into the intimate details of the gameplay mechanics too much, but I will grace over them. In terms of the game's meta, Vagante could described as a game of choices. Oh look, I found a spellbook! Do I offer it to a shrine, give it to the party Mage, or burn it at the campfire (between-levels resting place, where your inventory can be managed and you can get a bit of healing) and get extra health? Golly gee whiz, I killed a boss monster, now I have a key! Should I just open the big chest right away, save it for a later level, or use it on this mysterious door? I leveled up! Should I spend a point in a specific statistic, if so, strength or vitality? Should I use it on one of my classes 3 to 4 traits, such as the Wildling's Berserk or the Mage's Alchemy? The act of simply discussing the pros and cons of a decision with your party is a lot of fun, but don't think of Vagante as some intellectual debate room. If you have friends like mine, expect a lot of fun combat encounters, inside jokes to be shared, and arguments over who to revive from skeleton form. Lastly, heed this advice. Don't use a wiki. Heck, don't google anything. One of the coolest parts of Vagante is going out and finding out if x spell is a good counter against y boss, what happens if you kill the shopkeeper, etc.TL;DR: This game is the best to happen to Early Access. It's consistently updated, the gameplay is tremendous fun, and the presentation is spot on.Final Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,323220,24301334,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lunchbox,"This game is good.  It is fun to level up and play the different classes.  The addition of Online Co-op helps a lot - even when it is buggy.Right now this game just suffers from Early Access and some imbalance.  Using the Wildling you can be nearly unstoppable.  I lapped the game at least five times before I died - I wish I had written down the level I got to.  I don't play it anymore because there is nothing left to do, but I wish there was.  With some more content, an end goal to work towards (not just another boss), and another balance pass or two it will be a great game."
,Recommended,323220,16861483,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Jolley,"This is a wonderful game in it's current state, but what's really exciting is the speed and consistency of dev work!This game has a classic roguelike feel with random armor drops and modifiers, unknown potions and scrolls that change colors each game, and the familiar trinity of classes.  The procedurely generated levels and traps are very fun to explore.  I  am looking forward to sinking a lot of time into this game.  Bosses are hard!!My only con thus far is that the keyboard controls take a bit of getting used to.  I bet it's a lot better on a gamepad.I'll update this once I have a better feel for the game."
76561198071391160,Recommended,323220,26571745,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Denston,"Truly one of the best rouge like games I have ever played!, with randomly generated levels, and  with enough items to rival The Binding of Isaac, Vagante will keep you coming back again and again, each playthrough feels unique which adds to the replay value a lot.  The game itself is pretty hard (like Dark Souls hard) your going to be dying a lot and with permanent death a feature, you really need to keep on your toes. It's not just the enemies you need to watch out for though, there's various traps too, which can kill you in an instant but even though the game is very challenging it never feels unfair, every death is your mistake, rushing around to get to that chest?, didn't see that pressure plate did you, well now your dead.It's moments like this that make this game so damn good, there's never a point where you feel to over powered, no matter what enemy your facing you have to stay on your toes, time your attacks right otherwise your dead and that means starting all over again. (tho starting over is still massively fun)Honestly if you like rouge like games and RPG's get it! Don't let the ""early access"" label put you off.The game is in a very very good state and has tons of content already that will keep you coming back for weeks , just buy it you will not be disapointed."
76561198114598720,Recommended,323220,13492013,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,we're not pornstars anymore,it took me hours to realize it was possible to beat level 1
76561198045434814,Recommended,323220,14052532,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Wowbagger,"Something of a mix between Dark souls and spelunky (darklunky if you will).Vagante mixes the hard as nails dark souls formula with the precision jumping and procedural generation of Spelunky, it is extremly moreish after a couple of plays and you unlock more 'profiles' to make your choice of hero (mage,Rogue,warrior and ??? at time of writing) into a more personalised one.I have played the free alpha a few times before buying this on steam, I have faith in the developers that this wonderfully playable early access game will continue to grow in to something even more special.Finally just like to mention the music in game, it's pretty wonderful and goes well with the aesthetic and pacing of the game. Cheers Nuke Nine, looking forward to all the updates."
76561198087396106,Recommended,323220,28265613,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,russhole.denver,"I purchased this game a couple years ago. I have found myself consistently going back to it over and over again. If you like plarformers and rpg-like leveling and gear, you will really like this one. I know it's not even out of alpha yet, but the pace that they have kept up with development, and the improvements that come with each build, tell me this is going to be really, really good when it's done. I wouldn't hesitate to pick this one up!!!"
,Recommended,323220,13512315,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Omni-Whale,"First game, got to area three, died to a boss monster. Had fun.Second game. Died to boulder in the first 10 secs.Third game. Broke previous record and died to another boulder.10/10 would recomend programmer to gamer hell to rot with the designers of poison area in Dark Souls 2."
,Recommended,323220,14184225,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,B44L,"A difficult yet very rewarding game. Features a really well done map generation, Unique classes, plenty of Spelunky inspiration and is possibly one of the greatest roguelites of 2015."
,Recommended,323220,30183885,Posted: 25 February,all,- Penguin Paragon -,"Great Game. Requires some getting use too and there could be better controls, but those are the only big cons to the game,Otherwise its very fun and spawning next to boulder traps and watching your friends walk into them is well worth the price of 16$"
76561198064478023,Recommended,323220,22605237,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,`.`,"I HONESTLY cant ask for anymore, this has everything i have wanted in a permadeath dungeon game its exactly my style. Besides that this game is very hard but very pleasing when you actually kil bosses and have good runs, while it can ♥♥♥♥ u over with traps its honestly the funniest thing when a friend walks of an edge and fall on some spikes 1 block down and starts raging. 10/10 would troll again"
,Recommended,323220,22510586,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Yust,2d Dark Souls? Yes please.
,Recommended,323220,29090693,Posted: 7 January,all,Brainsteven,"this game is another example of great player authorship and satisfying gameplay with a nuanced combat and skill system, 4 player local co op that doesn't get cluttered, gamma correction for projectors, easily change your keybindings, not too hard to explain to your friends that are garbage at video games.  You can be mad good at this game and still get dummy knocked by a low level monster or you could be balls at this game, get lucky loot drops and enchant scrolls then just play with a friend that is slightly better than you and really make a run out of it. It's really optimized for playin' with your buddies and having a good time.  runs can last from like four minutes to an hour and a half"
,Recommended,323220,20711812,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Haikumagician(No Sound),"Love the game. Excellent platform/rpg for both casual and marathon gaming, solo or multiplayer. Seems in the latest update, the client closes the moment i die about half the time. Other than that, I like the new UI and magic system. Would love to see a class or some skills for other weapon groups (maces, axes, etc). 5 stars."
76561198153677168,Recommended,323220,33209163,Posted: 3 July,all,Hero King Astro,"Insanely fun, challenging, and complex (in that order).  Most fun in a 3 man party, but even solo play is addictive.The online works amazingly well, even on my terrible internet with a wifi connection."
76561198039846074,Recommended,323220,13488074,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rochand Dividend,"This game is reThis game is ridiculously good.  Tediously I eke out understanding, and slowly work my way toward not sucking.  There’s always more to learn and I progress a bit each further time – and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the loot.  Every single thing you find is cool, even the terrible cursed stuff.  There are so many game modifying elements, you always feel as though,♥♥♥♥♥♥ THIS TIME I’VE GOT IT.  Seriously, I hope they just keep adding to it forever.I should also take a second to point out all the little touches, like how the shopkeeper walks over to the item to get it, or how fire and electricity interact with the environment.  Or god forbid you don’t finish casting a spell.Best purchase in a long time.  I’m genuinely excited to follow this product’s progress."
76561198000697763,Recommended,323220,13503147,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,krone,"Great game. Fairly brutal, but good fun."
76561198028271942,Recommended,323220,13462160,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BlackMM,It's really good for people who like hardcore platformering action games. I always wished splunkey had a leveling system. Been following this game since the first alpha release and it's only getting better.2/7/2015They've added a new control scheme that really helps the controllers for the rouge class. Tons of new items and some endgame content is coming through. I'm really excited to see how this game is going to grow.
,Recommended,323220,23082460,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Slambot6,"Vagante is my highest recommendation as a local-multiplayer game. This is a game that should not be missed by anyone looking to adventure and delve with friends, into a dark, rewardingly deep, and nuanced gameplay system. Everything about Vagante bleeds thought and deliberate design. You'll find the music, sounds, solid gameplay, level progression, and variety of a title that was made for the sole purpose of being played with friends.I have few if any faults to find in Vagante, the only negative I can think of is the modest length of the game. However, this is proved vindicated by the varied character types, builds, and random level design.Play this game, enjoy this game. Vagante is a labor of love and respect for local-multiplayer games, and how better to recognize that respect by getting your friends, ordering some take-out, and sharing an evening in dungeon crawling."
,Recommended,323220,32963398,Posted: 28 June,all,CapibaraCake,Vagante is an incredible action RPG with heavy focus on CAREFUL exploration. In a world infested with fast paced games it is refreshing to see a game doing something so atypical.The 4 player offline coop feature and procedually generated maps makes this game a great choice for friends up for some dungeon crawling fun (and lots and lots of deaths).
76561198031643280,Recommended,323220,23602451,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DerpyDackles,"This game caught my eye a couple of weeks ago, and wanted to give a closer look, despite it being early access and not yet finished. For what it is so far, it's pretty damn good and shows plenty of potential at the stage it's at right now. I've already gotten over 20 hours into it. So I'll go ahead and just list the pros and cons and discuss certain points in further detail...Pros:------+ Concise/Tight controls+ Streamlined GUI+ Good Art Design+ Ambient Music and Good Atmosphere+ Great variety of Items & Status Effects+ Difficult and Rewarding Gameplay+ Great Developer Involvment & Tech SupportCons------- Lots of Multiplayer Bugs- Level Generation can be Repetitive- Occasionally frustrating and unfair deaths- Leveling System is too stringent and one sided- Lack of Story=========================================+ Good Art Design/ Great AtmosphereOne of the biggest reasons why I got this game was the atmosphere and art design. It's very well made and draws you into the game which is accompanied by a great ambient soundtrack. The sound design itself is very tactile and satisfying as well. Feels good everytime you pick up coins, items, and unlock treasure chests which can help keep the player motivated and engrossed.+ Difficult and Rewarding GameplayThis game is ridiculously difficult, I've yet to even get to the final area (There's only 4 main areas of the game) let alone complete it. However, it's very rewarding. You have to be very precatious and slow when trecking through the dungeons, learning to manage your resources along the way. For the most part, deaths are pretty fair and can be blamed on just being careless. Even when I get far into the game and end up dying, it's very satisfying just to see what items and weapons I managed to get along the way, and generally doesn't bother me when I have to go all the way back.+ Great Developer Involvment & Tech SupportWhat I found the most suprising was how helpful and receptive the developers are for this game, especially it being an early access game where most people tend to just abandon their projects. They seems to really care about their game and are regularly updating and patching the game to make it better. I experienced a graphical error early on in one of the updates. However, they were very quick to respond and fixed the problem the same night. More early access games need this kind of dedication to take off.- Online MultiplayerAlthough I'm sure they're very busy working on making the multiplayer work, it still is a very glaring issue with the game. There are quite a lot of bugs that are very distracting and in some cases make it unplayable. Which is a shame because if it did work properly, this game would be abosuletly amazing to play with a group of friends. At least for the moment, the multiplayer is pretty much unplayable.- Level Generation can be RepetitiveFor a roguelite, the level generation is a bit scarce and repetitive. When you start playing it for a while, and go back to the first area (Trust me... you're going to be there a lot, get comfy) you start to notice the algorythyms of the levels and can generally know what's around the corner without too much trouble. This can make things a little less painless going through the first level, but at the same time can get a little bit boring and predictable.- Leveling System is too Stringent and One-SidedProbably one of the most annoying for me personally is the way the leveling system works. Basically you can level up one of two ways. You can either kill the boss thats on every floor in the game which automatically levels you up, or you can get XP by killing a bunch of normal enemies. However, the problem with this is that you can only level up ONCE per floor which is quite frustrating in my opinion and can limit your experimentation with different stats and perks. The stats you can lvl up are either class related, or straight up stats like str, mag, luck, etc. However there isn't much use in lvl'ing up anything besides a couple class related stats. I would personally get rid of lvl'ing up raw stats since you tend to get a lot of gear and weapons that boost your stats anyways.OVERALL:  8.0/10.0-----------All in all, I think it's a pretty fun game that has a lot of potential in the future. The developers regularly work on it and update it. I would definately recommend getting this game. However if you're apprehensive about getting it, nothing wrong with waiting until this goes on sale. So if you like roguelites, or just hard games in general, definately look out for it!"
,Recommended,323220,22389952,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,goat,"I bought this game about a year back and come back to it every now and then. Everytime I do, I'm always amazed that the game is actually updated. A lot of early access titles out there on Steam remain stagnant and do not get updated whatsoever over time. But when you come across this game, you can tell that the developers care about giving what they can to the community in the form of a well polished game. It is a simple, yet difficult game, just a slight mistake and there goes your whole run. Highly recommend this game, can't wait to see what it will be like in its final form.Also when you block as a Knight, he praises the sun."
76561198052637299,Recommended,323220,20759378,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,harvest_eclipse,"I just bought this game and it's really addicting! It's well made with a varity of classes and skins to choose from. The atmosphere of darkness and surprise is very exciting. Only complaint I have is that I would love to have an item gallery. I don't want a comprehensive list of enchantments, just the sprites/images of the items that I have discovered while traversing the darkness and their generic name. ""Owl Mask, Scarf, Crossbow, etc."" Keep it up Dev's!Edit: I was playing today and when I died the game crashed, no error messages appeared."
,Recommended,323220,28249641,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Schadenfreude-Chan ( ºᴥº),"Spelunky but with more roguelikeness and online multiplayer.  Less throwing your friends onto spikes in this multiplayer but much more skeletons.  Enjoyable solo, but getting shot in the face and launched by an arrow trap into a crushing boulder trap is much funnier when it's happening to your friend and not to you."
,Recommended,323220,23356235,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ayato,"Its a decently difficult rogue-like that the developers obviously seem to care about, very fun to play with a group of friends. Possible to play alone, but very difficult.So far i'd rate the experience at 8/10"
,Recommended,323220,23677010,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BAJARYMI,"Lots of fun, especially for early access. Online Co-op works without any problems, Only problems I have with this game are minor and I'm sure will be fixed soon enough. 10/10."
76561197980553983,Recommended,323220,13611431,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Occam,"If you're into roguelikes you'll love this game. It's simple to understand yet has a great RPG feel that leaves a lot of options for you to customise your character. The game is quite hard though, so beware if you're not into that kind of stuff! I should also mention that the music is excellent! It's a great adventure platformer RPG that is defiantely worth the money."
76561198101085758,Recommended,323220,23019796,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ehhheehaha,It's a pretty easy game.Number of playthroughs: 200+Number of times completed: 0
76561198062837128,Recommended,323220,15931269,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Not A Dirtbag,"A brilliant game. For a 2D platforming Rogue-like action RPG, it doesn't get much better than this. It bleeds replayability. If you're skeptical, go to the website and download the demo.I can't wait to see what they come up with in future updates. I'm really looking forward to new characters and traits, more enemies and weapons, more everything! Round of applause for the devs Nuke Nine."
,Recommended,323220,14614987,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Corpsecrank,I love it. This game is to much fun. This is a challenging game so if you are looking for a game that doesn't require a lot of thought and strategy you should probably try this out before commiting to a purchase. They offer a trial on the website. I was not expecting the game to be this good. I had expected it to be good but this is well beyond the expectations I had. The game feels polished and plays great. There are a mix of familiar elements that fit well together and can easily be recognized by those who have played games with these elements in them. Because of that there are a lot of people who can just jump right in and start playing and just skip the tutorial. If you have never played a game like this there is a tutorial that is not long or complicated that will get you started really easy. So far this has to be one of my best recent purchases.
76561198089263356,Recommended,323220,15117053,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BAR00,"Yikes. Here's a difficult game. It's pretty and polished, and the classes are all fun. Magic is my personal favourite. Vagante is a quick-paced game of survival, strategy, and fun RPG elements. Give it a try!"
76561198003823257,Recommended,323220,19813304,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Grumpfkin,"Vagante is a labor of love. With classes, items, abilities, and traits that each drastactly change up your playthrough, it feels a lot like spelunky meets nethack. Brilliant and beautiful."
,Recommended,323220,19908977,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Seven,"I bought it for 10% off, and I still feel like I stole from this game.As it stands, it's a pretty solid game now, even for EA-status. Here's a quick Pros and Cons list:(+)• Pixel aesthetic works great, and they're well animated in some cases as well.• Soundtrack's calming, and at times engaging.• Controls are tight (might take some getting used to), and play better with a controller• Mechanics are simple enough to understand• An Inventory Management system that isn't too complicated to understand (at first)• Deaths never feel unfair, and in most cases it'll be your fault you died (if playing Early Access, dying by glitches and bugs count as fair and should be treated as part of the EA package)(-)• Level generation doesn't offer much variety• Some mechanics are never really explained (i.e. carrying corpses to cook, etc.) unless you check a Wiki• Combat mileage may vary, as attacks hardly feel impactful (only indication of strength are numbers that pop up when a hit connects)The devs participate in the discussions, make appropriate changes when necessary, and don't seem to falter to aggressive discussions regarding changes. Kudos to them.Overall great roguelike. Punishing difficulty, rewarding gameplay, and local co-op! (Online co-op is still in development!)Just don't get the game if you're not into EA-games that change as it gets made, as the devs change a ton of things a lot. <:"
,Recommended,323220,21469420,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,yelnats248,"Even while in Early Access, this game feels like it could be a complete game. There are no gaping holes left by lack of content, and the game flows very well, with a fairly balanced progression. There's so much character customization available that I find myself not even using all of it.If you enjoy platforming roguelikes, there's no reason tonotbuy this game. It's like if Spelunky and Magicite had a kid, and that kid was a child genius. Vagante takes what they do and combines them in a way that make both better.A definite diamond in the rough, right here."
76561198148576942,Recommended,323220,24431788,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Pyrotic,"Very fun game, stays true to a rogue-like in that every run is different. Trying to figure out to unlock achievments and perks is a blast. Can't wait to see how the game ill progress and what the final product will be."
76561198001656242,Recommended,323220,18041596,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,KlausGaming,Vagante is a rogue-like that has a lot going for it in terms of replay value and game design. Vagante can also be played in co-op multiplayer with up to four players.See how far you can delve into the cave in your heroic spelunking. check out my first impressions here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYR5s61VYKY
76561198025543145,Recommended,323220,18147116,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,InvincibleWall,This has no equal in the world of rogue-likes.
,Recommended,323220,20168749,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Turnip,"You might be thinking that this costs a lot, but its worth every penny!+ very polished artwork+ addictive gameplay+ new updates every 2 weeks+ multiplayer (beta)+ loot with interesting modifiers+ diverse classes+ interesting bosses- rage inducing- still balancing mechanicsJoin this group to find people to play with!http://steamcommunity.com/groups/vagante-multiplayer"
,Recommended,323220,20635125,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Kilogre,"Took one step, crushed to death by blockThis is going to be good."
,Recommended,323220,13475284,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Charybdis136,"Amazing game, very fun to play with a friend."
,Recommended,323220,29127279,Posted: 8 January,all,alexanderyou,"Pretty fun 2d perma-death dungeon exploration game. Reminds me a lot of magicite, but much more varied in level design, items, and enemies."
,Not Recommended,323220,29580434,Posted: 29 January,all,Mitchfynde,"Vagante seems like a decent game, but I cannot personally recommend it. To put it simply, I've played the game for many hours and have not been able to get the hang of it at all. I find the enemies and bosses too difficult, the deaths by trap feel very unfair, magic and spells feel underpowered, and (most of all) the inventory DOESN'T PAUSE THE GAME. Again, this is my personal opinion. If you're someone who thought Spelunky was too easy and wanted RPG elements added, get this game. If you find Spelunky very difficult, but FAIR, I doubt you will enjoy the increased difficulty of Vagante."
76561197986748778,Recommended,323220,17350621,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,sdballa002,"I must admit, it took me a few tries to start to like this game. It took me couple more tens of tries to get hooked. Be warned: this game is hard as heck, meaning some of you may be banging your heads on the keyboard at times. But that doesn't mean it is impossible or frustrating. The game has a few unique components that work really well in a rogue-like. The replayability of this game is supurbly good for this type of game. The continued balancing of the characters, items and skills in a randomly generated world allows many hours of game play. There is also the fun of mastering your skills and finding hidden easter eggs just like the old arcade games. What I am really waiting for is the online multiplayer mode. Now, that's ganna be awesome!"
76561198041493152,Recommended,323220,17165031,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,NyuuKnight,really fun game... til it stopped workin on me.. not sure if its my computer but i had to reinstall it 3 times and still wont boot up without makin my computer blue screen now :/other wise i id still be playin it now :3i cant wait til the online is developed... but for now bring your friends with usb controlers :3 good game ...needs more spike accident forgiveness way to many times i clear out all the bad guys... back track to go get the fairy to finish the level with and miss my timing on a jump and fall on a spike :(*update* turned off my steam cloud got it workin again... found out it was the fullscreen setting that was causeing the crash.. i have my resoultion set to 1360 x 768 so i hope this helps anyone
,Recommended,323220,33382685,Posted: 8 July,all,timothybridge,Fun! Hard! Lovely Art Style! - Rebindable 360 pad controls! Excellent!
,Recommended,323220,33322709,Posted: 6 July,all,C4,Excellent 2D roguelike! Exactly what I had been looking for!
,Recommended,323220,34028022,Posted: 4 August,all,ClownShoes,Without being very good at this game it has been some of the most fun i have had while playing an indie game in years. I highly recommend this game to people who play binding of isac and enter the gungeon.
,Recommended,323220,18193538,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,r4ndom,Good Game
76561197993312399,Recommended,323220,14006541,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,BrettUltimus,"VIDEO PLAYTHROUGH:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmCBJ4T0JpYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNJaW6Dywko&list=UU3upHb_B2T7p8f_9J7fYPEQRATINGS:Graphics: 4.0 / 5.0: Very charming, old school graphics.  View feels a bit large, making bosses less intimidating.Sound: 5.0 / 5.0: Sound quality is excellent, with reminiscent 8-bit sounds, and a very impressive soundtrack.  If the developer decides to sell the OST as a bundle with the game, or even seprately, I would gladly give pay for it.Control: 4.0 / 5.0 : Controls remains lightly clunky in favor of old school charm, having you plan for every melee attack.  While this can work for enemies, it makes some boss fights challenging, where bosses are more mobile, and (because of how you move) sometimes harder to avoid.Fun Factor: 4.5 / 5.0 : A wonderful game that'll have you play over and over again.  Every level up point is very rewarding. I wish there was a way to form check points in later acts so as to not start again all the way from the beginning upon failure.  Choice of weapons could help add to customability in the beginning with the game, as the sword can be a frustrating first weapon.OVERALL:  A remarkable title, with hours of fun in store.  I cannot wait for online multiplayer.Total Score:  17.5 / 20 - 87%"
76561198045234788,Recommended,323220,15933636,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ApfelSwag,Finally reached the catacombs after a long time playing and died in a spike trap 2 seconds later. 10/10But srsly this game is fun and challenging.
,Recommended,323220,22579463,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,AndrewTheKi11er,Soooooo addicting. All classes are unique and fleshed out. Multiplayer is an amazing time and its VERY difficult. Looking forward to new updates!
76561197980503707,Recommended,323220,20739305,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zaimad,"The shortest possible description for Vagante would be ""an action rogue-like"".This is because Vagante nails the elements of a real rogue-like in your soon-to-be corpse in real time action. You've got your strategic elements, the option to flee from most threats until you get cornered, distinctly starting classes and intrinsic mutations, the unidentified items, wands, curses, gods and plenty of death.People with platforming skills should feel at an advantage playing this game over others, however, since the random map generation can often produce awkward jumps for the less-inclined to the genre, yet twitch reflexes commonly found on players of RTS or even FPS games can also help in many situations.It is Early Access, however, so I can't really judge the game as a whole at this point. Is it fun? Yes: if you like true rogue-likes, this is definitely a good experience for you, even as a real-time action format. Is it hard? Somewhat: just like in any true rogue-like, you'll need a lot of luck on the items you find and the right strategy to deal with the monsters of the area depending on which class you picked. I personally like the music quite a bit, and the visual style is also quite polished already.I'm looking forward to seeing how the game will evolve over the course of EA. If you developers are reading this, here's what I personally think I'll want (even if post-EA):- More classes with different skills; the current four are good, but even more variety would be awesome.- Like the tutorial room, a room or room-type that lets you interact invulnerably against invulnerable creatures you've defeated at least once, as both a ""trophy"" system and a way to practice dealing with them as other classes perhaps.- An explanation on shrines in-game. It's not very obvious how you should interact with them for a complete newbie, and the hints on death don't really count.This review might change if/when the game changes significantly or leaves Early Access, but it will always be a positive recommendation.If you're not a developer of Vagante and you're still reading, buy the game!If you're a developer of Vagante, keep up the good work! Looking forward to online multiplayer."
76561198132005865,Recommended,323220,14132193,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DaBlackScourge,"The 8-bit look of Vagante is both simple & gorgeous, partner that with cutthroat combat & a Souls series grade of difficulty, making it being both addicting and infuriating. When you die (And you will.) you can't blame anyone but yourself, The trial & error of detecting traps & pitfalls makes one have to be very cautious with the movement. The bosses are a real challenge when you face them, whether you dodge & take potshots or get up in their face, two screw ups & you will be in a very dangerous position. [Boss Goblin/Hobgoblin especially]However, I have a few qualms.Both the Mage & the hidden character have little to no purpose to play as. The mage is physically weak & since most enemies rush you down, the only thing to do is use up a precious wand charge or run away & use Magic Missile. Running haphazardly in Vagante either leads you being cornered or dead via spikes & boulders. A skill that can cause him to levitate would aid with reversing rushing enemies.The hidden character is an unarmed fighter, which isn't an issue, it's that she is bland. The aspect that makes Vagante fun from my standpoint is the unique abilities of each character, she has none. I believe this can be resolved is to have her gain more affinities the higher their level. Such as, every 2-3 levels is a new skill set for her. Unarmed skills would make her more exciting, such as a combo or directional attacks.Verdict: As it stands Vagante is an addicting game with satisfying gameplay, even though it is not finished, I am awaiting the later updates with much anticipation.7.5/10Would Recommend."
76561198059899049,Recommended,323220,24417710,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Lightwar,A very solid game inspired heavily by Spelunky. Quite difficult!Devs do patches on a frequent basis. It's really worth checking out.
76561198041489770,Recommended,323220,24323309,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,agent69,Friend and I see this while trying to find RougeLandsBuy on whimJump in game with friendAccidently hit spacebarHave to watch friend playFriend jumps on spikes game over10/10 would watch friend die again
,Recommended,323220,24187613,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Billy Yum-Yum 2x2,This game is awesome.Constant updates with great content and tweaks keep me coming back.Playing with friends is a ton of fun. The more people the better.I couldn't reccomend this game any more!
,Recommended,323220,14199620,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,"First of all, Spelunky is one of my favorite games of all time. I was hesitant about purchasing Vagante because people were saying it was a Spelunky clone. Thankfully Vagante sets itself apart in some key ways while retaining what made a game like Spelunky so fun in the first place. I'm a fan of good pixel art and Vagante nails it. The gameplay is tight and responsive. There are plenty of items and unlockables to keep you coming back for more. The game is set to be an instant classic."
76561197992111055,Recommended,323220,14187719,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,safetake,Think Spelunky but with more Nethack. This is a beautiful and worthwhile game. I feverishly await it's full release but it is already a swell game.
76561198140865699,Recommended,323220,18301472,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Crazyantman666,"This is an amazng game, All of the mechanics are great. The sprites are smooth as well. I havent played it very long but it has endless reply value. One of the best rogue like's ive have played :issac: Anyone that likes adventure action platfoming and stratagy will simply love this game 10/10 BUY IT!!"
76561198024024628,Recommended,323220,18389492,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,CosmicMonarch,Super fun and a good challenge.
76561198095506852,Recommended,323220,18564739,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Universe Walrus,"1. Started playthrough as Mage.2. Went through the first two or three levels.3. Got boots with wall phasing.4. Walked through the map and died.10/10But seriously, this is a fun rogue-like platformer with a nice fantasy art style. There are many items to spice up each playthrough, and it is fun to expirement with items such as potions and scrolls. Each class has its own respective skill tree with perks and general stats. I find each class to be fun and not particularly limited to one playstyle (i.e. mages/rogues can still pick up swords and use them). I highly recommend this to people who are a fan of rogue-like games."
76561198055492006,Recommended,323220,16214510,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ThatCanadianGuy07,"Amazing game, great if you are into roguelikes. A warning though: its HARD. Dont buy unless you are ready to die. repeatedly."
76561198114466328,Recommended,323220,32261002,Posted: 7 June,all,Dr. Hemmel,A lovely gem. One of the few that actually has online coop multiplayer and that works really well.I like the balance between hectic action yet with rewards for applying thought to every keypress.
,Recommended,323220,31050229,Posted: 9 April,all,TSNKami,"The game is good, like a 2D darksouls, except you can't dodge (or I don't know how to). Music is good. Going to buy the soundtrack when it becomes available. The only problem is the internet connections when players just disconnect randomly,  but this is Early Access so I recommend you wait until the full release of the game to buy it."
76561197971877162,Recommended,323220,18417434,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"A pretty amazing rogue-lite action platformer.  Much like the same vein of Catacomb Kids.  You kills mobs, level up, choose perks and identify loot to see if it is curse or not.  A true classic rogue like experience but minus the turn based nature.  These devs already have competent controller support added and multiplayer is coming soon.  Updates get pushed out every 2 weeks or so.  Definately a gem in the sea of garbage early access games on steam."
76561198046113867,Recommended,323220,26461038,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Crispycrisps,"Good game with frequent updates, honestly one of my favourite roguelikes"
76561197970719909,Recommended,323220,13420430,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Corvo,"4-player Roguelike Platformer, think Spelunky with RPG leveling and random loot.It is a perfect ""Big Picture Mode"" game!"
76561198049857178,Recommended,323220,29686621,Posted: 3 February,all,HectorHopkins,"There is not a more playable/ re playable rouge-like game on steam right now than Vagante! But be warned... this is a seriously challenging game and YOU WILL DIE. If you buy, die, cry, and then want to write a winy review of how much u suck at this game, please do not tarnish this gem with your review or call yourself a platform lover. Thank you devs... Your hard work is paying off."
76561198047046020,Recommended,323220,21783517,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,My name can't be thirtytwo chara,"I really like this game, it's basically all I play on steam now.Vagante is a rogue-lite, however it has really quite strong roguelike elements too. Magical equipment, curses, religion, traps, floors, skills, simple actions with convoluted and organic interations, and most importantly, a devilishly difficult dungeon.I still haven't won.And that is hardly scratching the surface. The classes are all totally different, and reasonably balanced, the updates are common and I legitamately like the devs, and the multiplayer.Oh the multiplayer.It's chaotic. It's strategic. It'sfun. And everything inbetween.This game is totally playable in it's current state, though there is more coming (+looping) . Of course, I can't speak for how it'll finish, but as of now, I'm just gonna keep on playing."
,Recommended,323220,16623010,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sir Pencil,"Exceptional co-op, hellish traps and Dark Souls-esque difficulty. A very fine experience."
,Recommended,323220,24316059,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Elektr1kz,"Spelunky with multiple classes, loot, and rpg elements.Can't go wrong!"
,Recommended,323220,15110419,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Callum,Top notch co-op gameplay.
,Recommended,323220,14094381,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Joel,"So I don't review game generally but I abolutely LOVE Vagante and I want to see it grow, so here we go.Pros:Looks goodChallengingItem diversity is goodPlaying more doesn't unlock easier ways to play (you just have to get better)Multiple playstylesDiverse buildsCons:Multiplayer is local only (At the moment. Roadmap does have online multiplayer planned)Instakill spike traps are the bane of my lifeThe inventory controls feel kinda clunky for a few runs (Just takes a little to get used to)I honestly can't think of anything else wrong with the game.This is like a sweet♥♥♥♥♥mix of spelunky and rogue legacy. I feel like in a few months time as more content is added Vagante would happily give the two of them a run for their money."
76561198047740091,Recommended,323220,24246367,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AeroFunk80,"Spelunky meets D&D!This game is simple but fun and addictive. I found myself playing over and over for hours. Each time I died, I wanted to play again to see if I could get further. The randomly generated levels can get a bit repetitive, but you feel that much more accomplished as you make it deeper into the cave and new content is revealed.The combat is also simple but fun. I only tried the Knight, but I found it entertaining to time my attacks and kill the little creatures that came after me. The one downfall is that the AI is relatively dumb. You can easily trick the smaller mobs to jump onto a trap, and even the boss/elite mob per level lacks a challange once you learn their several repeatative moves.Leveling and character building is limited. You have several categories you can invest your points into, but you don't get many skill points to spend, so there's not much room for building your character. Of course-that's likely the point. The further into the Cave you get, the more powerful you'll become. The game simply requires patience to get there.However, the best part of the game is definitely the randomly generated equipment you find scattered about. You have to identify everything. You can simply equip it right off in hopes you don't receive a cursed item, or find identifying scrolls for a much safer route. The only downfall to equipment (and this isn't important to many, but it is to me) is that your character's look doesn't change when you put on new armor. Again-probably not a big deal to some, but I tend to enjoy games more when my character's look changes like a virtual Barbi/Ken doll :-)Overall-the game is fun and quite addictive. Keep in mind it's Early Access, so there's still much to come. For now... it's a solid game and well worth the price. I recommend using a controller to play, though."
,Recommended,323220,15464929,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,scoopy mcpoopy anderson III,"Fantastic game so far.Did you like Spelunky? Had an itch for some RPG goodness? Give this a try. Especially if you have friends. It's a pretty complete game that rewards the player for learning its well-grounded rules. One tiny problem though -- There's like, zero visibility, but there are ways around it. Can't wait for the full release!5/5 or 10/10, either way, I didn't think I'd like this game so much."
76561197976371706,Recommended,323220,15571160,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Stabicus,"Without a doubt...one of the best games on Steam...Ive played them all Magicite, Crawl, Legend of Dungeon etc and while those games are outstanding in their own right...this outshines them. What looks like a simple game from the 80s is in truth a very deep and unforgiving dungeon crawl. Choose your strengths for your character...Knights have Holy Magic, Sword Skills or sheild skill trees...Rogues Dagger stealth bow...and the items...will you find flaming swords, Magic rings to walk thru walls, gloves to climb them...grapple hooks...ice sheilds...berzerk powers...so many different powers...I was gonna wait for a sale...I had a bootleg...$14.00 when others are much cheaper?...YES this is a polished early access that has kept me buisy far longer than the numbers here show...buy it...and watch the clock...it will get away from you."
76561198112141385,Recommended,323220,15734791,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kroma,"I have only played 13 hours so far since I bought it, and the game is still in Early Access, and all I can say is that this game is fantastic. I absolutely love games like this, the gameplay is great, I LOVE the art style (however that is just my tastes), and everything just goes together really well. Seeing as how it's Early Access my mind is just filled with all kinds of things that could be added, and make this one of the best games I have ever played. All I can say is where the game is at currently (5/7/2015) it's one of my favorite Steam games I own. 10/10 for sure. If it looks cool/fun to you at all, and/or you have played and love ""Spelunky"" this is a MUST BUY. I love Spelunky, and this is very similar, and has RPG elements on top of it. I love this game, and can't wait to see how much it could be expanded in the future!"
76561198042266030,Recommended,323220,15877850,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Red13Zulu,"This game, even though in early access is well put together and it's quite the good game, I must say. It's like splunky with leveling up and more badassery 100% worth the buy"
,Recommended,323220,15894474,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Weaboo Hentai-lord Senpai,"This is the game for any RPG lover, rogue-like fan, and lover of indies!!This game is challenging and fun, it has the challenge of a DarkSouls game, the playstyle of Spelunky but better controls, awesome unlocks and awesome loot!!The player has the ability to carve his destiny in this always changing dungeon, and ""backgrounds"" to spice up gameplay and different playstyles for each class which makes the replayability of this game EXTREMELY high.Online Multiplayer will be coming soon, Local multiplayer is even more fun, and you have different skins for each class to give you variety.You can play a pacifist thief, a spellsword or a invincible mage. (Even a animal lady with cool animal abilities)I don't even know how to explain this game in all of it's highlights! Just buy it! It's early access so join the forum's to ask for help and report bugs! AND HAVE FUN! New things are coming to this game, and the devs aren't slackers!"
,Recommended,323220,15908269,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Saltamander :],Great game super fun and addicting
,Recommended,323220,17537695,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Mealzebub,"Very fun, challenging, and somewhat frustrating whenever you die. Overall it's pretty damn good, and well worth the price if you like a challenge. Just remember to get boulder protection, fall protection, death protection, spike protection, and all the defense you can ♥♥♥♥♥ up on."
76561197993336515,Recommended,323220,21279791,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,bomelette,"Beautiful art, perfect music, good balance between Diablo-like items and Spelunky-like gameplay. Very enjoyable game overall! Minor gripes include:-Not enough variety in music tracks between stages. What they do have is excellent though.-Inventory system; I wish equipped items were shown in another window or greyed out to denote that it isn't sitting in the inventory to reduce clutter. The way it is now makes it a little difficult to compare new pieces of armor or weapons to currently equipped ones but this may be because I am an idiot.If you want a deeper Spelunky with more Rogue elements than this is for you!"
,Recommended,323220,22304894,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,TZero,"Vagante is unique as a roguelite as it is literally a rougelike-platformer. This inculdes difffuclt but fair gameplay, random potions, difficult bosses, prcodeduraly generated goodness and tactical/strategic gameplay. Amazing (dark souls feeling) pixel art graphics added to that, with a beutiful soundtrack, tight controls and regular updates ensures vagante in the small (but growing) club of early-access done right."
,Recommended,323220,15932182,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Kaiser,"Procedural levels and items, challenging technical platforming action RPG. Inspiration drawn from some of my favorite games; Symphony of the Night, NetHack, Spelunky, Dark Souls.For those unfamiliar with Roguelikes, this game has that beautiful duality of being incredibly relentless and at the same time incredibly rewarding. You die, and rage at yourself for whatever mistake it was that you made, and at the same time feel ""okay, well now I know never to do THAT again."" You'll be violently and permanently punished for your mistakes, but you'll learn, and you'll be back with a vengeance. It will challenge your gaming abilities on every level.On the plus, the levels can compensate you for your intelligent use of strategy as well as your twitch reflexes. There are many ways to approach the game and the classes have a lot of contrast between them. It is extremely replayable.The game already feels rich and nearly feature-complete in its current state, so why not jump in for the reasonable price? the value is already there, and the game will only get better over time. Enjoyable both for couch co-op and solo play. I recommend a gamepad.Writing this with 30 hours logged, I'm sure I'll hit 200 easily."
,Recommended,323220,20272633,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,johnsman,very fun if you like wazhack this is the game for you
,Recommended,323220,17182553,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Gageboycolor,"Reaching about 100 hours and several hundred deaths now, thought I should leave a review. This game is fantastic, its harsh, unforgiving, and very satisfying. The negative reviews you see are all from people who either suck at playing ""hard"" games, or enjoy ♥♥♥♥♥ing about things that dont tailor perfectly to themselves. This game is in alpha, and even after literally hundreds (500+) of playthroughs Ive only come across very few bugs, if any. The game gets update every 2 weeks, and the Dev team is informative, quick to respond, and actually absorbs feedback from the community. If you like genuine, challenging, wonderful rouge-likes; get this game. Give yourself at least 10 hours to start learning all the tricks, and I'd be more than happy to help/chat or even play multiplayer once its working. ALSO PLAY WITH A CONTROLLER. SERIOUSLY."
76561197995186478,Recommended,323220,30778276,Posted: 27 March,all,Monkeyfoot,"This game is really hard but is lots of fun the more people and controllers you have.Team work is key, watch out for traps."
,Recommended,323220,31200473,Posted: 17 April,all,罰当りHackerman,"43:50 Minutes of adventuring lost within a second.These spikes don't care about you, your items, your time, your feelings...AAAAAH!This is the only game I enjoyed this much from the beginning and I can honestly say that it's the best rogue-like I've ever played.Co-op is simply awesome.11/10"
,Recommended,323220,35008479,Posted: 16 September,all,s ø s a,"One of my favorite games of all the time!Lovely art style and a nice soundtrack. The game is almost perfect, just needs some tweaking.I'm very excited and curious to know the story behind this game, and I can not wait to see how the game will end up.With all certainty 10/10!"
,Recommended,323220,33254027,Posted: 4 July,all,Deppy,I friggin love this game
76561198070480076,Recommended,323220,24366110,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Karid0s,"Challenging and my favorite rogue-like I have played so far. Tons of replayability, obviously."
,Recommended,323220,35243924,Posted: 27 September,all,Javier Garcia,"Do I recommend this game? Sort of. it's a great game, no, fantastic. However, I have my reasons why I sort of advice to step away, however if you love rogue likes or you're looking for a great split screen game, this is for you.Pros:4 classes, one being unlocked, 4 skins for each and a ton of perks to choose from.4 worlds, 3 levels, 2 soundtracks for each world, when unlockedSPLIT SCREEN CO-OP!!Online as wellLots of unlockablesWhen beaten, although there is no cutscene or anything special, you get to re-do the game with your current stats, and weapons, with harder enemies, and loads more of them.Very rewarding when you learn how to playCons:(This is a big one) Game has been out for YEARS, and it's still in early access stage, game still feels the same, aside from a few new things.Wildling is SO broken,Weapons don't have that feeling when you really don't want to part ways with it, no special things to them that will make you feel attached.Special challenge rooms have no advantage to using them.Overall I give it a 7.5/10, just wish it finally came out of early access."
,Recommended,323220,26003173,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,¢,"Vagante is a hidden gem of a game that stays true to it's challenge, holds a lot of charm and delivers endless replayability.The best part? Active community development.All just in Early Access."
76561197989449898,Recommended,323220,21375660,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,|OO| Ser Jorah,Awesome!!!!!
,Recommended,323220,14797320,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Claus,Is good
76561198019131066,Recommended,323220,15837762,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Skanoodles,"I played it for 7 hours for the last 3 days, and tried only one class atm.still every time you start a game it's a whole new experience, you have to think your way through. you can't just rush and kill everything on the level.really fun and challanging! Can't wait for ""online play"" to lunch!"
76561197961261827,Recommended,323220,24542845,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Eat My Grass,This is a REALLY great coop roguelike.  Only played a couple hours now but its been a blast.  Really tough but very rewarding.  This is the game I and my friends have been looking for.
76561198080263894,Recommended,323220,19801108,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Daborgon,Amazing game
,Recommended,323220,19450152,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MijMoj,sweet!!!!
,Recommended,323220,34273675,Posted: 16 August,all,HuEVA,Wow ... I just lost two hours of my life.Would loose two hours again at some point.
,Recommended,323220,31947459,Posted: 25 May,all,Arbie,"The best way to sum up this game would be to refer to it as 'Roguelite Spleunky'. It's a very cute game with fun encounters and good movement.The multiplayer is the best part.I recommend this a lot, even if it hasn't completed its development yet (but soon to be!)(If you're burnt out by the huge market of similar games: This one is actually good unlike most of them.)"
,Recommended,323220,13963155,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dekthro,"As far as I'm concerned this can be considered a finished game, and everything else they add on is well welcomed fluff. If you like games like Spelunky and Rogue Legacy then this should be a no brainer."
,Recommended,323220,21257745,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,RapidFireJ,amazing 2d rogue like gameneeds to add online multiplayer instead of just local co-op i think more people would buy the game if it was
76561198114291317,Recommended,323220,33871276,Posted: 28 July,all,shadowbubble,fun and funny to see friend that have never seen the game play for the first time.
,Recommended,323220,33859156,Posted: 28 July,all,Gapoopy Sumple,god this game rules
,Recommended,323220,25255944,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Coda Ken,This is probably my favorite rogue-like. If only there was a four pack so I can toss a few to my friends!
76561198150293036,Recommended,323220,33471418,Posted: 11 July,all,arifalien23,"Really creative, charming, fun and most of all HARD."
,Recommended,323220,24119883,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Picasto-Nova,"This game is amazing there are so many great things to say about this game. There are many rouge like games like this on steam but it looked good enough from gameplay that I decided to jump right in. At first i thought the controls were clunky on a keyboard and I didnt have a controller but after a little playing with the keybindings and I can play it with no problems and have it feel completly normal.Pros:This game seems like the developers do care about the people that play it and want to keep producing content.Being in alpha at $15 its a steal there is so much content in the game already that its just a bonus that its in alpha becasuse that just means there is more to come.There is a good learning curve to this game that takes some play time to get used to and understand how to go into new situations, Its hard but very fair when you die you wil know why you die and learn from that to use next time around.The game runs solid and has never crashed for me.Cons:I really cant think of any other than you have to pay for it but if you like it please buy it and support the makes im sure it will just make them want to produce even more great content.BUY THIS GAMEIt will be well worth your time and hell if for some reason it really isnt your cup of tea you can refund it but I highly recomend that you put at least 2 hours into the game before deciding that because once you get over the learning curve (at least there was one for me seeing as i had never played a game like this) you will be having a bunch of fun and lose track of time 99% of the time."
76561198130447422,Recommended,323220,24016666,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kassitus,"This game is awesome. It felt too hard at start, but I changed my mind. This game is worth it!"
76561198272097104,Recommended,323220,24382759,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,P.Citrus,Make sure you have a spare computer around because you might smash your current one after playing 1 hour of this game.and a keyboard too.probably a new mouse as well.Have fun
,Recommended,323220,31334052,Posted: 23 April,all,Gloves,"Version played : 55cThis game is a fantastic Spelunky rogue-like with a great touch of class-based action/RPG elements.  The controls are super, super tight, and each class feels unique and enjoyable.  There is a wide variety of randomly-generated weapons, items, and armor, which lends to the ""Rogue"" feel, and the procedurally-generated dungeons offer a nice mix-up each time you play.Some nitpicks:- The endgame content was, at the time of writing, a bit sparse.   The caves and forest, and to a lesser extent, their ""locked path"" alternatives, were both excellent and filled with lots of variety and nooks to explore.  The flooding forest tower is a really neat level as it adds some extra difficulty.  The cave ruins could use more enemy types and some balancing.  The forest ruins are unbelievably challenging, filled with all kinds of traps.- However, the Rift (and the Factory) are both large, mostly empty spaces.  There's not much to them, at the moment.These are just nitpicks, though, as I understand the game is still in Early Access, and there's lots more balancing and content to come, I'm sure.  I really look forward to seeing this game finished, as it's held my interest for literally tens of hours already!"
,Recommended,323220,14203572,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,WakeUpJohnny,Excellent game. Has tons of potential.
76561197998366715,Recommended,323220,23235592,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,The Protomen,"An unforgiving roguelike akin to Spelunky, but much closer to the fantasy RPG. A blast to play and learn. It even has local multiplayer."
,Recommended,323220,23817716,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nawa,I enjoy having an arrow trap send me into spikes
,Recommended,323220,23023339,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,advancedspuds,"TL;DR : Damn fine game, It's a must buy if you like hardcore platformers.Vagante is one of those rare gems.  It's the game you've wanted to be playing all of your life.  If you're into tough platformers, this is your dream game.Vagante plays a bit differently than most platformers.  It rewards meticulous behavior and clear headed judgement calls.  It's not a twitch reaction speed run type game, though your reaction time will be brutally tested.  You will die often, but just as you're about to give up hope (about the 12 hour playtime mark) you'll start to improve.  Spikes will no longer kill you on 90% of your runs.  After the 20 hour playtime mark, the game will just click and Vagante becomes your go to game.The game is entirely fair.  All the bosses I've seen so far (At this point I've got 48 hrs playtime) have been fair.  They are tough, but they have patterns and weaknesses.  Sometimes they take deaths upon deaths to learn, but the weaknesses are there.The physics are dead on.  On a platformer the physics make or break a game.  This game has damn good physics.  You'll appreciate them more and more as you put hours into the game.This leads me to the value of the game.  This game is a steal.  Look at the playtime of most reviewers.  There is a damn lot of bang for your buck.  At 48 hours I feel like I've just scratched the surface.  I think I'm a pretty good player, but I've yet to see the final boss.  The ""roguelike"" aspects give the game so much replayability as each playthrough feels like a different game.  The random generation algorithm on the levels is great.  Each level feels like it was handcrafted just for you.  The game isn't a traditional roguelike (example: ADOM, Caves of Qud, Brogue), but as I put it, it's as close to a roguelike as you could get and be a real time platformer.Do yourself a favor and try to not use any guides or wikis.  I feel that part of the fun in Vagante is learning these systems and the surprising ways they interact.  It's pretty fun to share ""secrets"" and strategies with a similar minded friend or two who don't use guides and wikis.Character building is a great aspect of the game too.  Leveling up skills lets you guide your character into your playstyle, and lets you try fun new combinations.  Want an archer mage, or a bulwark knight?  Sure, go for it.Lastly, the graphics are great.  Vagante uses a pixel art style which is extremely well done.  ""Low res"" pixel art has been played out in the last few years, but this isn't ""low res"".  This is excellently crafted artwork that's done by a true pixel artist.  This would have felt right at home as a first party Genesis/SNES or later game system.  While it has pixel aesthetic, it's entirely modern and has a great scaling option for all size monitors.  I've played it on everything from a 7"" transforming tablet to a 60"" plasma television, and you can make it look great on all of these setups with minimal effort.  You just move some zoom sliders and the ""pixel perfect scaling"" checkbox.Conclusion: If you like platformers, this is a no brainer.  This will become the bar to which you judge all future platformers.  Don't be scared of it being Early Access.  It's very well optimized, not buggy at all, and has more content than any similarly priced games.  As far as I'm concerned, it's a finished game, just the dev gives us new content every few weeks.  It's like getting free DLC.  The dev is great and really responsive with the community.  I don't know him or anything, but he seems like a stand up guy.  What are you waiting for adventurer?  Your destiny awaits!"
,Recommended,323220,23399145,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,DIABLO3,binding of castlevania dark souls on steroids
,Recommended,323220,23377541,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Siesta,"Well, this game can be frustrating, but it is also really good.The devs update the game, which is nice, and the updates usually contain additions to the game.I reccomend, really good :)"
76561198006885630,Recommended,323220,24097008,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Subjectname,"Plug in Xbox controller, play for 90 minutes without dying, pause to go to bathroom, hit b because of muscle memory, exit game, lose progres, go to sleep early. Great game, i recommend it."
76561198012680835,Recommended,323220,21898594,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,idlesn0w,"This game is Dark Souls + Spelunky. RPG elements and a hefty learning curve, in a sidescroller roguelike with multiple Spelunky influences. If you liked either of those and are okay with tearing your hair out trying to get past the first level, this game is for you."
76561198028783151,Recommended,323220,22863925,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Johnny Law,I have a nvidia 980 and I would rather play this pixel game than 90% of the games with HD graphics in my library.
76561198038037769,Recommended,323220,23531523,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,treelaunka,Great game
76561197963413634,Recommended,323220,13944476,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Nox,This game is... spetacular! Or something better.spetacular is an understatement really.
76561198010995215,Recommended,323220,14060336,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,PUNCHINGTON,"Since it's still in Alpha, I expect there to be a lot more content, but as of now it's already able to stand on it's own.  The game is challenging, but not cheap.  An enemy that seemed very tough (Worm King...) is in fact beatable if you learn thier tells.  It's a challenging game for all the right reasons, and I love it."
,Recommended,323220,19852832,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Same,I rate den outa den
,Recommended,323220,19378091,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Derek aka Derek,"This game is really cool, i rarely get past level one even without fighting the boss. Best with a controller. I think the perma-death kinda kills this game, no pun intended. I want to level up and get gear and stuff but it's tough to play. Perma-death would be cool as an option but when i die it just makes me want to stop playing. Classes seem cool haven't gotten to experience them much seeing as i die so quickly. Get it if it's cheap."
,Recommended,323220,14171638,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lunerd,I thought I was good
,Recommended,323220,14158062,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,mezee,I really like this game. It's everything I want in a rogue-like. Graphics and combat similar to hammerfall but stays true to the genre and has alot to offer even in alpha. Similarities to Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup make this a top notch rogue-like.
,Recommended,323220,23044281,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ChrisshinMC,"I think this game is amazing and here's why:PROS:1. Everything is random, from boss locations to weapon drops.2. There is a skill system that allows you to become stronger as you progress.3. The gameplay itself is very smooth and built for replay value. From stabbing to jumping there is a lot of satisfaction in timing your hits just right, or running through everything recklessly.4. All of the bosses are fairly challenging. There's no way you'll breeze past any of them on your first try.5. There is an in-game chat box for communication, and most of the time people are generally nice and share potions/items with you.CONS:( These are based on Multiplayer Only, and I expect these issues to be addressed in due time as the Developing team is always working on updating this game and fixing bugs. )1. This game crashes in multiplayer sometimes. ( You can usually just rejoin the game if crashed though. )2. Because this game is in early access, there are some bugs now and again.3. Some class abilities are more useful than others for overall survival.4. The button config is weird at first. ( Best played with a controller imo. )5. There's no progression system outside of the game itself in multiplayer. ( Though this may change )"
,Recommended,323220,23027488,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Scarecruise,"Difficult, but fun!"
76561198028754214,Recommended,323220,23262905,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,vain524,Fun and hard. Spelunkyish with classes
76561198065272179,Recommended,323220,24420615,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,GAABBE,"Pixle Dungeon made a gamebaby with Spelunky, and it's equally as hard as both. Frustratingly hard..I recommend this game if you feel like wasting a lot of time and getting yourself worked up over a pc game....In a good way, I guess heh"
76561198049030444,Recommended,323220,23909380,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,uh uh,very goo dand fun
76561198045707058,Recommended,323220,21761675,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ReFractum,So everything wants you dead. Everything. Even the gear and loot you put on. Dead. No heals. Big rocks and pointy sticks. Zombie hordes. Rock monsters and Venis Fly Traps on steroids.Just.Very.Dead.
,Recommended,323220,23004449,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Oobles,"If there was a mixed button for steam reviews, I would be mixed on this game. The game is early access, but is way too buggy to reccomend. The game crashes, multiplayer dosen't work, steam controller doesn't work at ALL, despite it being supported. If you can look past the bugs, then this is a really fun game, with loads of unlockables. (Edit ): I started the game up and the controller worked, so reccomended."
,Recommended,323220,25390791,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Tonyp32806,"Fun to play, but incredibly difficult. If you do decide to buy this game, be aware that you may not get past the first level."
76561198166818696,Recommended,323220,33114177,Posted: 1 July,all,StewardOfGod,"I'm a person who can naturally be picking up a game without playing it before and if you saw me playing it, would think I've had it for years.  This is not the case with Vagante.  I have died over and over and over and over again, and learning as I progress, unlike anyother game I've played.  There are many aspects to it, and so many different things to unlock, you won't get bored quickly.  This game is easiest on my top ten list of must-have steam games, and is the second greatest rogue-like that I've ever come across, next to Spelunky."
76561197995399058,Recommended,323220,13900661,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Seekah,"If you like the old SEGA/NES games, this game is for you.You do need an XBOX controller to really enjoy the nostalgic feeling.Beat the boss of the level with 1 hitpoint left, get an unidentified potion as a reward, drink it and die instantly from the poison effect.10/10 game love it"
,Recommended,323220,31320109,Posted: 23 April,all,Qelris,"Vagante is a ""dark themed"" Roguelike with 4 distinct classes and a leveling system. Each new area becomes a lot harder and you must learn to adapt to what the game throws at you. Careful planning of where you will spend your level up points, watching how your foes acts, as well as making use of the environment to help you defeat your foes, will be the key to success. There is a permanent progression in form of passives, named Backgrounds, which you can chose to bring 1 of with you.I've been watching over this game since it was released, eagerly waiting for an online mode to make apparition, and it did, a while back, but it wasn't until recently that I found someone to get the game with. While the online mode is still in beta, it has been working fine for me and my friends. We've only encountered one issue: only the host keeps progress of backgrounds. While it isn't that bad, it can still be annoying at the beginning since no one has backgrounds, but you can just alternate host or play by yourself when your friends are not here. That aside, the game has been a lot of fun for us.I definitly recommend checking this game out if you're looking to play a roguelike with friends.Default Keyboard controls are fine, but I quickly rebinded mine to..Jump (Space), Melee (Z), Ranged (X), Spell (C), Menu (V)"
76561198028188297,Recommended,323220,16824450,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,OctoJesus,"Take Spelunky, mix it with Rogue Legacy and add in lots and lots of different weapons and armors with diverse attributes.Vagante has high replayability, as every single run will be a new experience.You start off by picking one of the 4 classes available, each with unique special abilities and stats. Additionally, there many backgrounds a.k.a. traits to chose from, which will be unlocked by simply fulfilling specialized secret tasks.If you think that 4 classes are too few, you might want to rethink:There are several ways in which you can play each class, drastically changing the gameplay. E.g.: The Rogue class can be played as archer, sneaky assassin or a dagger-throwing-madman. It all depends on how you set your skillpoints.Vagante has a lot of potential. The developers are trying hard to improve the game based on the players' feedback, fixing bugs and adding new content every 2 weeks.If you like a rather challenging Platformer/RPG in a pixelated artstyle, I definetely recommend giving this game a try."
,Recommended,323220,13974844,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Jebaited Arch user,"Extremely fun and challenging at the same time, this game turns out to be one of the most impressive platofrmers I've ever played while it's only in alpha!"
76561197979991098,Recommended,323220,13833239,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,P0NYSLAYSTATION,Beat the boss with 1hp to spare. got an unidentified potion as a reward. drank it and immediately died from poisoning. 10/10
76561198176974838,Recommended,323220,25047771,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,FIshy?Fuckoff,Harder than risk of rain
76561198143624904,Recommended,323220,25236800,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SweetD,Love it.  It kicks my♥♥♥♥♥so hard but then I kick it in the♥♥♥♥♥♥harder.  And the constant updates are amazing.
,Recommended,323220,15976263,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,TeaEarlGreyHot,"Awesome game, one of the few I've played that doesn't feel like its in early access. Developer is active on the forums and  updates are frequent. Best Rogue like I've ever played hands down, only getting better!Best part, local coop!1 year later how is the game? Well the Dev has been updating the heck out of it non stop since I bought it and the game just gets better and better going to start sinking more hours in again soon. Best Roguelike ever."
76561198206075107,Recommended,323220,33779755,Posted: 24 July,all,Chess,"This is one of those games that when you die, usually it's your own fault. Also, I really enjoy the art style for this game. Chalenge and tryumph await, best of luck out there!"
76561198116828845,Recommended,323220,34260455,Posted: 15 August,all,doritos,One of the best games I have played. Its a combination of mario and some ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198041931777,Recommended,323220,29133298,Posted: 8 January,all,Matt,Almost no bugsFun for many many hours especially with friendsWell worth the money
,Recommended,323220,26174929,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Flembro,"The most addictive rogue-like game yet, love your work devs."
76561198155047037,Recommended,323220,25560220,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DeathArch,"Death! Over and over! And over! And over! and over .... This is what I've been looking for!I love this game. Levels change a lot. Bosses in each of the levels don't change much, but im sure its because of how often I DIE. I've only reached ""4th"" Level and even though it's aggrivating DIEING SO MUCH each time, the build up, the immersion, the music make me want to play again and again.I've rarely seen the same magical item and even the few time I have their titles are the same but their stats are always different. I've only unlocked 4 character classes but the game is young so I expect more on later releases. Leveling system is simple but there are plenty of variables. You only level-up once you complete the run so most of the progression I feel comes from the Items your Character finds. With 4 different classes each having small lists of Character's Skills and Abilities the variety is middling, IF YOU KEEP DIEING! SO DON'T DIE SO MUCH! Go. Go on. try it."
,Recommended,323220,14156733,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Papa Gurgle,I HATE THIS GAME!10/10 Would rip out hair again
,Recommended,323220,22669305,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,iceraider69,I had a lot to say about this game.  It's a good one.  Check out my full review!  Great work!Statsoverstatus.com
,Recommended,323220,23129216,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,A Ruthless Gang of Rapist Monks,Play as the wild thing; fist like a pornstar.I am the wildest thing.
76561198158149244,Recommended,323220,29147619,Posted: 9 January,all,tuckboat,I have nothing substantial to add to what has already been said here. I just wanted to say this a good game and I want to see another positive review posted to sing it's praises.8/10 EA grade and rising.....
76561198052519994,Recommended,323220,22210861,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Battle Brother Steve,Dark Souls + Spelunky = Masocasim (also this game)
76561197971600408,Recommended,323220,24878935,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,oops,I died in the tutorial. Multiple times.
,Recommended,323220,19895102,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,zooboo,it's likeCatacomb Kidsbut not as good
76561198112073312,Recommended,323220,25474688,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,dk_konaven,only played as a duo so far and its really fun lots of items and lvls
76561197977829915,Recommended,323220,17758523,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Lovecraft Scientist,"On track to beome an indie classic in the vein of Spelunky, Binding of Isaac, etc. Fun gameplay, devious challenges, and LOCAL co-op!"
,Recommended,323220,18460918,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Лупус,You are not going to waste your money and time playing this game.
76561198079374461,Recommended,323220,13737004,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,LazyPiro,A MUST HAVE!!!!!!!
76561198043911667,Recommended,323220,17724015,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Chedday Boi,"Great game, Dev team on point. Not much to say :) !"
,Recommended,323220,14103558,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Microsoft Access,Just buy it already.
76561198046178136,Recommended,323220,32657116,Posted: 22 June,all,Japamunhoz,T'is Very Nice
,Recommended,323220,29649397,Posted: 2 February,all,W0KE,"Its pretty cool. Unforgiving, but cool."
,Recommended,323220,23124438,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hibby,This game is rly gud.
76561197996570576,Recommended,323220,23303551,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Dildonius Frockstench,Buy this game because I have nobody to play it with.
76561198153458633,Recommended,323220,23261313,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,iYengus,I keep getting frustrated because I keep dying and that is why I love this game. Cause I keep dying! xD
,Recommended,323220,21037526,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,der Ficker vom Dienst,"We need Workshop support for this. I mean imagine player made levels and dungeons, with player made gear. That would be amazing. The game itself is fun and all, but i think what's missing is content. At this state, there is not a whole variety of gear, everything is about the same, what we need are crazier effects. The devs are working constantly on the game though, which makes me really happy (in my pants). So I dearly and sincerely recommend Vagante to everybody who likes dungeon crawlers and rogue-lites. It is a well polished and pretty little game, that still has a way ahead of it. So please support the devs at what they are doing and  spend the fricking 15 bucks already, you will have atleast its price in hours as fun infront of your keyboard alone, or with friends in local coop."
,Recommended,323220,22016243,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,SHOCKWAVE770,Awesome Game!!! I figured i give it a review since i played it for a good while!! Start off 3 classes but get another as you keep dying and playing!! The game is random and filled with traps!! Each class have particular skills and each time you defeat a boss of the stage you get to level up.  When i played though there was instances where you couldn't complete the stage because of the design of the stages and that was a drag.  But i believe an update came out last week that fixed that issue.   YOu also get to unlock character backgrounds to change the way you play in teh game.  You can use a gampade and team up with like 3 people!!  It rogue like rpg but you only get one life so when you die that it.  I gotten though about 5 stages so far though and i been playing alot!! SOmetiems you jsut don't seem them traps till it too late!! An arrrow to the back that tosses you into a perfectly placed spike for instant kill -_-    Never the less Awesome Game!!!
,Recommended,323220,20871683,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Bagger Boy,You can cook chickens in this game 10/10
76561198179174154,Recommended,323220,24942601,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,virtualvision,Vagante the good stuff :-platforming is good-rpg elements are fun-variety between characters-nice bosses and areas-online-random itThe bad stuff:-Zoom it's useless(that's it)
,Recommended,323220,30388041,Posted: 8 March,all,Wuntwo,"this game is teh awesomesauce... keep it up, devs! <3"
76561198163266495,Recommended,323220,26411382,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,BrokenGlassTheory,"More then an hundred death later, I will continue to play (and die from spikes)."
,Recommended,323220,26459002,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Weebi,Only in early access and by far one of the best rogue-likes I've ever played.Definitely worth the price
,Recommended,323220,17966149,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Fain,"One of the best games I've played in awhile. It's a mix of Spelunky or a platformer. Comparing it to Spelunky isn't even fair really, as this game is it's own game and only shares some simularities to the former. You have a lot more rogue-like to this, more RPG elements, different mechanics and loads of things to unlock."
76561198073040703,Recommended,323220,20156250,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SiskiKiller,OOOOMAAAAAAZIIING
76561198059927642,Recommended,323220,16478748,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cube of Bees,The graphics make this game awesome. My brother and I get together and play this. We call it Vag-ina.
,Recommended,323220,18481598,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Phishfood,Very fun.
,Recommended,323220,18464147,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,fancy portion,"Even if you think you know what you're getting into, it's easy to die in seconds the first few times you play.  Then you figure out that the sword guy can stab down, trivializing many encounters!  You figure out that you can almost always read a scroll or drink a potion to see what it is, safely!You figure out that it's only a potion of regeneration, when you actually need it, about 2/3 of the time.  And 1/6 of that other 1/3, you just drank a potion of poison.You figure out that the game actually gives you special unlockables if you die enough times.  And you use them, because in a way, you paid for them.  By dying so much.You can't figure out how to consistently get past the third level.  You can't figure out how to not die."
,Recommended,323220,15064945,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Googis,This game is cool.
,Recommended,323220,15097173,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Exotimes,"Love the art style, gameplay (its a hard game wich make it very enjoying) and the character class sytem and statsBut I wan the online multieplayer update to come out realy bad."
76561197999897346,Recommended,323220,15016988,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,SchnitzelsCuteSack,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. If you like rogue-likes, get this game. Totally worth the money and lots of replayability. The devs derserve the money to make more games like this!"
,Recommended,323220,18622392,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,mhmtlaflare,THIS GAME IS AGGRAVATING AS ALL HELL. I WILL BEAT IT ONE DAY.
,Recommended,323220,18846473,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,RamFisted,10 outta 9.5
76561198108823866,Recommended,323220,21955291,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Arsene,it's really tough.
76561198115932704,Recommended,323220,30147474,Posted: 24 February,all,randomramses,"Bugs: health companion knight block, ruine orbs  game brakeing glich when droped and picked up, cant see when other players are ducking or when the knight is blocking online (he also looks like he's takeing damage) i think that's everything but this game is pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥:P"
,Recommended,323220,29733810,Posted: 5 February,all,Xanadu,"One of my favorite Roguelikes. Vagante sits up there with the like of Binding of Isaac and Risk of rain.However, if I were to make a complaint, theres been a rework on the worm boss that exists in the cave that I think makes him a little too hard for a boss that you can encounter that early on. It just feels too powerful and too relentless without giving the player that much of a chance to smack it back. Maybe change the boss's mechanics a bit so that theres more of a  window of opportunity for the player to retaliate?"
,Recommended,323220,30459430,Posted: 11 March,all,CrazzyJ0123,Decent game. although it has a long way to go before it could be released from early access in my opinion. really my only complaint is the lack of substancial reward for killing bosses and the fact that there is little to no way to properly heal.
76561198116272434,Recommended,323220,29575018,Posted: 29 January,all,angroid2000,Very good game. Very difficult but not Dark Souls difficult. Very much would buy again.
,Not Recommended,323220,16067263,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Jojof I'M BETTER THAN YOU,"I gave this game fair chances during its changes throughout the two or more years I've owned it but I don't know it's just not that enjoyable. I wanted to like it but I can't. I think it's stressfull and not rewarding playing this game.Pros:-Good looking artstyle and controls-A decent amount of randomized loot-classes with skills and stats-Randomized loot can compliment your class/playstyle-Multiplayer (never tried it though)-A challenge that will require all your cunningCons;-No story at all!-Inventory system is pretty damn bad-Game ending boulders/spikes can feel unfair due to visibility so they slow down your play-Bosses can spawn or get stuck in absolutely horrendous areas-Using every skill, item & spell simultaneously & often to deal with most situations can be tedious-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ strong or hard bosses you eventually will just avoid fighting which is pretty well all bosses in the forest or further-not rewarding-Classes? Hey knight, take this int gear and wands all game!-GIVE ME A ♥♥♥♥ING BOW ALREADY-I WANT A CLAW NOT A MACE ♥♥♥♥Whats the point of this hard storyless short game where I never become strong and I'm skip bosses and hauling♥♥♥♥♥to the end of the game for no reason. This would be a better game if it was a metriodvania instead of a rougelike."
76561197992153921,Not Recommended,323220,20684298,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Perogy Boy,"i BOUGHT this game when i liked itbut then they started systematicaly taking enjoyable aspects of their game out and replacing it with things that are NOT enjoyableso i regret paying for this game unfortately.i dont understand why there is no protection for me against developers who drasticly change their product during early access.i want the product i PAID for. I WANT THATi am not paying for a product that doesnt even resemble the gameplay or functionality it had when i bought it.I DONT WANT THIS,   thus i uninstall and regret funding such a project.mind you they improve certain area's here and there, like navigating over edges or new character colors...(if developers would just focus on THAT sort of improvements there would be absolutely no problem)anyway i know you will purchase a game no matter what i saybut i just wanted to express the point that there was once a game named Vagante that i enjoyed very muchbut instead of making a vagante 2 with the contrasting/contradictory/experimental mechanics or fundamentals... instead they half arsed ineptly change the enjoyables of the base game with no regard to people who enjoy the game the way it is.why dont they do what other developers have done and make a test/beta client that players download and play on so they can experience the new changes first BEFORE going ahead and changing the game?or or or... how about making a save state of the current game (the version i enjoy playing) and then sending me that version so i can play the version that i like.that way you can carry on down that black hole and i can stay here relaxing in my chair playing a game i like???wow what a concept... providing a product the way people expect it to arrive.i go to mcdonalds and order a big mac,  i expect two all beef patties, special sauce, onions, tomato, lettuce, pickles, on a SESEME seed bun.i buy vagante, i expect the fundamental mechanics to be teh same at launch.i understand new graphical rendering for better framerates,  but changes from mana/energy to charges/tokens or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ next is what i would expect from a sequel.i bought vagante not vagante 2.i wanted vagante not... this.i literaly have to find a old torrent of an old distrobution and play that.and it's not piracy because ive already paid for the game.the real pirates will be the dev when they refuse to change teh game back to the way it was.cuz obviously they're full speed ahead and can NEVER EVER consider reverting a change.i've never seen any game developer ratify the game after breaking it."
76561198165014670,Recommended,323220,35137236,Posted: 22 September,all,dik dik,played at a friends housejustwow
,Recommended,323220,32259335,Posted: 7 June,all,Eneregor,Fun and challenging little game
76561198009949087,Recommended,323220,31636085,Posted: 8 May,all,Darkred Pillow,"A great retro game so hard and perma death ! the real thing, really awsome for local party"
,Recommended,323220,31471324,Posted: 30 April,all,ThePhil,"The love child of Dark Souls and Spelunky, only wish there was a way to earn another level per"
76561198119332543,Recommended,323220,31345642,Posted: 24 April,all,Wolfapus,"Great game. I bought it a while ago, loved it then took a break from it. Came back and now play all the time with the multiplayer. I would recomend a controler: it feels really smooth. Although I have found it a little hard to get used to the controler after playing keyboard a long time.(also the game just gets better with all the new updates)"
76561197993042700,Recommended,323220,31365212,Posted: 25 April,all,---,"Games today are lacking key features and mechanichs that make them games...I find vagante a refreshing game, its almost like playing an old gameboy game.No direct instructions, free to try and explore, random mechanics and items, hardcore death and hp system.This game will only get better whilts EA and other big titles keep on destroying the gaming community!this games uniqness reminds of the 1st time I played: age of empires 1 & 2, Red Alert 2, Counter Strike 1.6 and more unique games :)I recommend buying this game, if not to finnish it then at least to support the creator :)"
76561198043900180,Recommended,323220,14687546,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,GodDang,Yes.
,Recommended,323220,32947509,Posted: 28 June,all,CrazyMRANZ,I keep playing this unfinished game...........It's like a drug..............FINISH THE GAME PLEASE!
,Recommended,323220,29713964,Posted: 5 February,all,Seduction,Really fun game that gets really hard as you progress. Fun with buddos.
76561197978158301,Recommended,323220,16397226,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,George,"This is rogue like done right! Procedurally generated dungeons combined with very creative equipment, skills and itemsthat will test your skills as a gamer. It is an awesome little game that will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off to no end but bring you right back with how fun it is. Local Co-op will start a different game of pointing the finger asking Dude WTF!? Oh and clutch moments where your friends epicly fail and hit the spikes are priceless."
,Recommended,323220,26942438,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cirrus Minor,If spelunky met skyrim.
,Recommended,323220,25526004,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Philose,My Guilty Pleasure.
,Recommended,323220,25585400,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Cyclo,"What if I told you this meal would be like a sort of Spelunky, but with more RPG elements?You'd probably say ""Eh, doesn't sound too delicious.""But if you take a bite, you're in for a punishing, yet rewarding adventure. It's spicy, excessively chewy, but you keep telling yourself, ""I will finish this!""It's a challenge worth undertaking."
,Recommended,323220,28181833,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,darkmoose,great game to scratch that spelunker itch you get.
76561198005398592,Recommended,323220,28192656,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ZioMatrixX,"I've been playing this game with my daughter and we LOVE it! I normally hate roguelikes but this is a truly enjoyable game, EVEN if i lose my stuff when i die xD"
,Recommended,323220,28167802,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Equity <MHN>,"Absolutely love this game, its really frustrating sometimes and the isntant death effects are pretty annoying imo, but overall its got a really good level of challenge and a lot of interesting mechanics"
,Recommended,323220,28616800,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,honidian,Very difficult skill-based rogue-like game.
76561198046640780,Recommended,323220,29653272,Posted: 2 February,all,Rinzura,easy to say just an awesome game overall .. cant say more - if u want to know more just get it ... u wont regret it <3
,Recommended,323220,26515713,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,damn good coffee,"It took my eight hours to finish the dungeon with all bosses dead, it's pretty easy."
,Recommended,323220,14126823,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Bloodyboo,has great potential!
76561198024404011,Recommended,323220,18231006,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Thoughtzilla,"Absolutely amazing game, think of a Diablo 2 meets Dark Souls meets Super Mario. The inventory and stats are well done (and it's in EARLY ACCESS no less!) and the levels/traps/monsters are all excellent.If I had one nitpick, it would be the difficulty mixed with the perma-death; it can be frustrating to see 30 minutes to an hour of progression wiped because you missed a single trap on the floor!If you can ""git gud"" though, this game is amazing, and I don't think I've said that about any other Early Access game I've bought on steam to date."
76561197970243116,Recommended,323220,13948044,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,penguizaur,amazing
,Recommended,323220,22668532,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,PUFFERFISH™,Perfect game but the devs are slowly ♥♥♥♥ing it up.
,Recommended,323220,21931005,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Frogmin,bazinga !!
,Recommended,323220,18972585,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Voskei,10/10 boys
,Recommended,323220,29507236,Posted: 26 January,all,Jenni,"Great game, spent hours and hours and hours playing it with my friends. It's probably one of my favorite multiplayer games."
76561198022948050,Recommended,323220,13964531,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Exhausted_Blade,addicting
,Recommended,323220,29258579,Posted: 14 January,all,Bobby,"i like this game but i cant ♥♥♥♥ing play it for long because full screen glitches the hell out and flickers black, its real good, 3/9 Vagine is a-okay"
76561197971088364,Recommended,323220,23373521,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Rale,It's good
76561198106472801,Recommended,323220,26410151,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jhonyappleseed,Best platformer I've played. ever. ...ever
76561198269027132,Recommended,323220,26434300,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,963571966,很棒的一款游戏 ，联机更有趣
76561198048934670,Recommended,323220,20474314,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Daddy,Started the game fell on some spikes11/10
76561198020129019,Recommended,323220,32702604,Posted: 23 June,all,Foxy Utters,THis Game is really awesome! I like it! Dont listen to teh negative Review people! This game is for a class of gamer beyond call of duty or skyrim.
76561198056954616,Recommended,323220,14682882,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Donovan,Very good.
,Recommended,323220,27390925,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,YouthInEyes,"Someone help me. I've been trapped all alone for weeks on this here dungeon floor. You there...you see that skeleton, over there? Past that door?Oh, yes. That skeleton has a name, you know. Its name was once said to be of great fortitude when spoken. The days of yore, that skeleton spent inside of its host, moving, grooving around beneath the skin with glee. Some say the legend traveled. Too bad the poor fellow didn't budge for so long.And now, here you are. Crumpled up before ye, +1 Skeleton. Now please, bury me away from those blasted bats! They took my eyes out!!"
,Recommended,323220,28264239,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Stab the Heavens,B/x the platformer
,Recommended,323220,27811414,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ohyou,"An extremely cool roguelike-platformer. Game mechanics are similar to those in DCSS, however the pace of the game is much higher.It's difficult and has a learning curve."
,Recommended,323220,27851416,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,D3ATHSCOPE,"Been really Enjoying this game,So worth it...Here is a tip,Dont Die !!!"
,Recommended,323220,28002033,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Squidgward,Its really fun and worth the price. Get it
,Recommended,323220,26132565,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Inverse,"Fun game, hoping more features / levels / modes are added in the future!"
76561198002867589,Recommended,323220,26076307,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Skyler.H,Good game.
76561197960619553,Recommended,323220,17822717,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Silent Tristero's Empire,Love the art and tone.
76561198059612278,Recommended,323220,17658073,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,JMC,The spiritual successor of Spelunky. Simply an amazing roguelike with beautiful music that is constantly being updated. I love that more and more content is being added and that we're seeing a fourth playable character. I'll be buying this for my friends if an online multiplayer mode shows up in the future.
,Recommended,323220,32877317,Posted: 27 June,all,Vladimir Putin,Just like Mario but no coins lives stars nintendo content or otherwise
,Recommended,323220,16890357,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Izzatso?,"Great Mixture of Spelunky meets Metroid.Tough, Hard as Nails, Mission Impossible, Slaps hard in your Face Rogue Elements.Pro: Good Challenge, tight & responsive Controls (360 Gamepad) well animated 8bit Graphics.Con: procedural maps could be a lot bigger to match the Dungeon'ish feeling."
76561198043576276,Recommended,323220,21656533,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GosuPat,
76561198180842693,Not Recommended,323220,35506737,Posted: 5 October,all,wizarddude51,Controls are whack.
76561198013882931,Recommended,323220,25827836,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Cosmic Cake,this the♥♥♥♥♥♥i do like
,Recommended,323220,30498430,Posted: 13 March,all,Baron Von Dapper,"I am going to start this off by noting that Vagante is a very difficult game, with this amount of hours I have finished it only twice in single player. However, if you enjoy a good challenge, a beautiful- damn it, I am no good at writing these things, I will just make a list of pro- no, a lot of that is arguable as well, for all I know oanother person could hate the soundtrack, although I love it myself and somebody could frown upon the fact that an early access game could be signifigantly changed and modified. It is just my general opinion that this is an amazingly crafted rogue-like, or would it be a rouge-lite because of the achievement perks? Well regardless IJust buy the game and ignore the tacky joke, I would say from my taste that it is really great."
,Recommended,323220,28926380,Posted: 1 January,all,Shynzo,i have cancer boos
,Recommended,323220,13941361,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,YOPG,Well...if there would be 4-pack i would buy and give my best friends.!
76561198072060351,Not Recommended,323220,24492267,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Hex Decimus,"There's a lot to be impressed by in this game.  It's fun, it's beautiful and the sound design is absolutely phenomenal.  However, I'm holding off on it until it gets further into development before I play it for real.The controls are very overengineered.  You will spend a lot of time setting and resetting the controls when starting out before you finally realize this game has about 2 or 3 more buttons than it even needs.  For example, there's an Interact button, but when you're in menus, the Melee Attack button is used as Confirm.  It takes a couple runthroughs of setting the buttons before you start noticing little weird things like this that make it really hard to find a comfortable control scheme.  There's so many buttons that you're going to have to compromise and put certain things on shoulder buttons that you really don't want up there.Game designers usually strive for less buttons because making a huge list of buttons with exactly one function makes the player have to constantly stop and try to remember what does what.  The popular solution most games have used is give buttons multiple functions based on context.So often you come across an object in this game and you have to go ""wait, do I push up or down? Do I push interact? Or do I bonk it with my sword?""  And you have to make these decisions in dangerous environments with traps and enemies.  Even navigating menus is way more complicated than it should be.This game is playable if you really put in the work to find a good control scheme, and then do some rote memorization.  But, this is just a 2d RPG platformer, there's no reason why the controls need to be so complex.I think if the devs sit down and honestly try to simplify the controls and make it more intuitive for a wide audience of players, they'd have a real classic on their hands.  This game is fantastic otherwise, but I just can't imagine it becoming very popular with these confusing controls."
76561198123824878,Recommended,323220,31989652,Posted: 26 May,all,tnegoc sole,Great game!
76561197999863635,Recommended,323220,14429198,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sick Ranchez,10/10 add onlinemultiplayer hamachi or something
76561198079353424,Recommended,323220,28658771,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Slit Wrist Savior,Wonderful game with infinite gameplay. 10/10
,Recommended,323220,28355510,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ギャビン,killed a shopkeep. got amazing loot. got a bountykilled by a shopkeep. lost the loot. gave away the bounty.11/10 would murder and steal again
76561198005131343,Recommended,323220,25804934,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,saintofsilence,168 hours and i still havnt beaten it10/10 ..
,Recommended,323220,29733479,Posted: 5 February,all,Sean,it's fun
,Recommended,323220,18317535,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Lady 3Jane,it lacks some variety on the item department and pogo-ing with the knight makes other classes basically useless but it's still a great rogue-like
76561198212379685,Recommended,323220,29024420,Posted: 4 January,all,AutomataA2,WHERE IS THE SAVING ????? 😡
,Recommended,323220,26308337,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RadPanda,"Welcome to Vagante, heres your complimentary instant death spikes."
76561198240229824,Recommended,323220,34768616,Posted: 5 September,all,DieuDeGlace,Got f**cked hard on level 1. Got so mad I had to go outside to cool down. If you're up to a rage inducing and fun game then this is the one for you. If not go play minecraft.
,Recommended,323220,32897885,Posted: 27 June,all,Funk Man,good games
76561198375070250,Not Recommended,323220,31451726,Posted: 29 April,all,xenodeus,"This game is really pretty, and in theory I should love it, but the permadeath roguelike concept is super hurt by how difficult it is to control your character. Most of the movements you make are clunky, and a great deal of combat is managing the awkwardness of your character, rather than maneuvering around the enemies.Additionally, it seems (from my limited experience of the first two levels and about 50 deaths) that most of the game play elements are designed for long term play; identifiable items w/curses possible, random loot with interesting magic properties, etc. Except that this really works against the roguelike theme when at any time you might have a boulder auto kill you. Yes, I understand that there's a ""git gud"" factor, but the point I'm trying to make isn't that it *can't* be done, but that it's not *fun* to get good.Take Caveblazers as a counter point and very similar game (which is much uglier). When I die in Caveblazers, there's no mistaking in my mind that I died because I didn't play well. Even with spikes I often blame myself rather than the game. In Vigante when I die I feel like chucking my keyboard, because my character didn't do what I was trying to get him to do, often not turning to attack or jumping the wrong direction or not enough.If I were to improve the game, I would make the character control muuuuch more responsive. Other than that I think the game would be really nice, but as it stands I regret my purchase."
,Recommended,323220,30160191,Posted: 24 February,all,Remagamer,its goodi like it
76561198091471359,Recommended,323220,26331240,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mutinous Slave,"This game is a win for all mankind.  Thanks, Obama"
76561198009306277,Recommended,323220,25812075,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Fragsworth,+1
,Recommended,323220,24381312,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Meow,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　,）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,323220,32003299,Posted: 27 May,all,Pajamamas,"After nearly 25 hours of playing Vagante, it seems funny that I can't recommend it. There are elements to this game that are unbelievably satisfying: Mastering the controls, building up your character from scratch, defeating the bosses, exploring the levels- this game takes much of what makes the rogue-like genre likable and turns it up. HOWEVER, this game suffers from another aspect of rogue-likes in too much of an extreme- that randomness has the ability to cripple and kill your character at any time with very little foresight or control from the player. Here's a few examples:TrapsReading through other reviews, traps get a lot of attention, and for good reason- there is no reason for a small misstep or bad RNG to kill a player immediately. While traps do encourage care from the player, the fact that elements outside of your control (Such as being knocked by enemies, or not being able to see an area below you) can immediately end the game is frustrating in the extreme. Traps can be fun, but not when so much of a player's success is dependent on something that can instantly kill you. If the penalty for traps was less brutal, I'm sure they would be fine, but as it stands, that's not the case.Potions and ScrollsOh man. There's an issue with giving a player a huge toolbox but not letting them know what the tools are. In Vagante you find scrolls and potions, but (with some exception) unless you use them, you don't know what a certain color scroll or potion will do (and they change colors every game). While scrolls are generally positive, and using them can simply mean wasting an effect, potions are a serious gamble: poison potions can slowly kill you, and some potions will permanently reduce your stats. Knowing what your scrolls did in advance (because some scrolls can be used to identify other items and potions) would hugely reduce the random aspect of potions, but, again, that isn't how it stands. In most cases, you are left with a huge arsenal of potions and scrolls with little to do but let them take up your limited inventory space.Cursed and Negative ItemsSimilar issue to the potions and scrolls, but a little less extreme. Equipping a cursed item means you can't unequip it. Some items severely ruin your stats, making you extremely weak, or slow, or etc. etc. Why they wouldn't remove cursed items so that players could actively decide what tradeoffs they wanted to make with their items? I'm not sure, but it sucks. Cursed items is a lot less of a concern than other items on this list (being that they don't appear that often), but it's another un-fun element of gambling added to the mix.Difficulty CurveIn Vagante, you progress through a dungeon, a forest, a catacomb, and some sky islands. I truly believe that the first area of the game is the most fair- the enemies are predictable and simple, and they are never in overwhelming quantities or deal overwhelming amounts of damage. If you get hurt by these guys, you know it's you own fault. That's not at all the case with later enemies, who are in higher concentrations, deal more damage, take more damage, and worst- they can stun you or grab you with little warning. If the designers were looking for fairness, they might consider changing one of those variables at a time, but not all of them. While I imagine a more fair game would have a linear rising slope of challenge, the way it is now looks is like an exponential degree of difficulty.Leveling Your CharacterVagante tries to make interesting tradeoffs in its designs: Do I pass up this enemy, and not get experience or gold? or do I fight this enemy, and risk taking damage? The thing is, most of the time it doesn't make sense to take on enemies, especially as the game goes on. If the only goal is to reach the end of the level, and the only thing preventing you from doing that is taking damage, why risk the additional dangers? An easy fix for this would be to force players to confront enemies before making it to the end of each level, but the game has no incentive to do so, especially with it's current imbalance in favor towards it's enemies. It's almost always better to just try and make it to the end than fight your way through.I don't want to seem like I'm nitpicking, but these details are glaring flaws in an otherwise very strong game. I have enjoyed my time with Vagante, but there are too many poor design choices in the game for it to warrant any more of my time. Good games should implement elements of both luck and skill, but Vagante relies to heavily on the former than the latter."
76561198364909770,Not Recommended,323220,31158024,Posted: 15 April,all,evils2017,I relly like this game and s a good idea but the controls just dont work and when you try and fix them there is always something new that dosent work with the new xcontrol lay out you made.So sorry but I wouldnt ever recommed this game on someone eles until the game controls are better until than I just cant Recommend this game to anybody
76561198332340120,Not Recommended,323220,32001777,Posted: 27 May,all,supernova,基本看脸  （法师前面没捡到火球之类的技能书你跟我说森林的boss怎么打？）fortune is so important (if you didn't pick up any skill books like fireball you can never beat the boss in forest) which made me so frustrated!!!waste of my time!!!
76561198082366829,Not Recommended,323220,31341382,Posted: 24 April,all,freshjuice,"I love the concept and the underlying mechanics. A lot fo thought went into this early-access game. There are a few issues that make it unplayable for me.1) The visuals are very difficult for a 40+ gamer like myself. There's not enough on-screen contrast to see what is happening, especially with the type of pixel art that was chosen. Adjusting the brightness and scaling does little to help. The  (game ending!) traps on the floor feel unfair, because they are impossible to see.  Most of the time I feel like I am guessing what is happening on screen. It's not a fun or rewarding feeling.2) A lack of tutorial is a major issue, especially considering how there is zero explanation given in-game on how to play.3) The controls often feel unresponsive. I understand that it's trying to limit the speed of my attack, but it feels excessive and sluggish. A 25% increase in game speed would make a huge difference.These issues make Vagante less playable and enjoyable than the far inferior Bard's Gold. Not because it's not well thought out, but because Vagante is repeatedly vague and confusing.I have no qualms with a game being difficult. However, please make the difficulty fair and rewarding by helping the gamer be aware of what is going on."
76561198026660149,Not Recommended,323220,29277526,Posted: 15 January,all,neo_dragon66,"First off, this is a fun and amazing game. Secondly There are many frustrating things that i hope change.TL/DR version, needs real progession instead of being based off skill and luck. Please make the wizard better to start off so that he can make it to beast mode, some spells need more damage or make it so that they level up through use/ level up when you do.  not so many insta-death mechanicsThe game is pure rogue like, feels 100% random, gone entire games as a knight without finding a damn sword.Things i have the major issues with are the insta deaths in the game. they are around every corner and force you to plan every action around every mob. which can get tedious, i like insta deaths just wish there wasn't 50 thousand things that caused them. One thing that could save grace from this in my next point.Zero progression, The only ""progression"" you get is that you unlock backgrounds that may or may not be beneficial. they are very minor stat bumps, and you can only pick one. Beyond the first or second level of the dungeon you may even forget what background you started with.  I wish there was something, ANY thing that made the next run just a little bit easier, so that you could eventually consistantly dive to the deepest parts. even if that took 100 runs to get there it would be nice.  After getting through the later areas of the game and getting to the ""you currently beat all available content"" screen twice in one playthrough (i was very sad and irritated how i died that run)  I would like to be able to consitanly get that far again, but the insta deaths are too stronk and with no progression its sometimes based purely on luck and layout that you get that far.Classes, the strongest two classes i've noticed are the knight and the rogue, the mage is next to useless considering how weak his starting spells/kit are and its purely random you'll get any spell book worth using. Now the magic that you can find in the game some of them are badass and would make the mage awesome, problem is getting them or getting lucky enough to get them. the other class just seems kinda meh... its a spoiler so i won't get into it here.After almost 50 hours of play my runs can run anywhere from an hour and half to 1 minute, theres nothing that makes the game easier the longer you play except learning the enemies, and mastery of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Its a hard game and i enjoyed the challenge but without any progression i'm ready to move on.Things i think could make it better.Real progression. If i could choose to keep a piece of gear each run to use on my next run, that would be cool,if i could level up or upgrade my backgrounds, that would cool also.If i could save my character inbetween each level and slowly delve deeper and deeper with the level being random every time i had to go back to my save in solo play that would be amazing.Attachment, you can't get attached to anything, like that sword? don't die then... like how this character is turning out? dont die... the perma death and loss of everything means that you start over fresh with that same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword every run. I like to start from rags and get super powerful and do it all over again, but, without some ultimate goal to build torwards once you see the majority of the content and have beaten them once or twice it becomes super boring and not worth my time. something to attach your self to and build over time is what keeps me playing a game.Over all my experience has been pleasurable, only reason i'm not recommending this right now is because i'd like to see some major updates to the wizard and over end goal of the game instead of just being a smack your face against the wall till you get lucky enough to get decent drops to make it to the final area."
,Not Recommended,323220,19835913,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,zsck,"For people that enjoy challenging games where each session is a whole new beginning, the game is probably really good. There are some cool builds you can compose with different classes and skills, and discovering items is quite charming.However I personally could never reccommend this game.  It is incredibly unrewarding and not very sophisticated.  Monster AI is frustratingly simple (there, in fact, appears to be nothing akin to what I'd call AI). On one hand, you may delight in your developing perception and ability to anticipate monster behavior. On the other, if you're like me, you'll just lose interest every time you fall into a hole and get covered in monsters or fall onto a monster and subsequenly bounce into a spike trap. As I got better at the game, I found I could play for twenty to thirty minutes at a time but increasingly became aware of what a waste of time that made every single round.In sum, this isn't the kind of game for people with other things to be doing.  If there was more in the way of persistent reward, I might change my mind a bit. However with frequent deaths caused by chance, often interrupting me at a point where I'd finally start enjoying the game, it's hard to want to be invested.I sincerely regret buying the game."
76561198087612306,Recommended,323220,27539592,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,donnadodo,I thought this game was cool before it won an award...
,Not Recommended,323220,32047841,Posted: 29 May,all,Faxen,"Waaaay too RNG based. If you don't get certain items by certain times (which is complete chance), you are going to be ♥♥♥♥ed by the 3rd or so world. Other than that it is a great game, but at it's current stage it is impossible to get far based on skill alone."
76561198042782024,Not Recommended,323220,31428885,Posted: 28 April,all,Mc Flaytus,just not ready. play spelunky if you wanna die on spikes or binding of isaac for a roguelike. there's not a whole lot of content yet. i mean for $6 i'd say go for it but $16? i dont know man. maybe in 2 years.
,Not Recommended,323220,25287058,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ordullan,"6/10, with massive potential!Vagante is lovingly crafted, beautiful and fun, and it's trying very hard to be the platformer roguelike I thought I always dreamed of, but it fails to push any creative ideas and is too repetitive and predictable to ever give me that feeling of ""I wonder what happens if I do X when Y"". The core gameplay is wonderful and keeps me coming back every so often for another crack, but the roguelike aspect needs work and I'm just not as excited about it as I want to be.If a tight platformer with rogue-lite aspects is what you want, go for it, it's fun, but it's definitely not a must-play at this stage in its development."
76561197972736995,Not Recommended,323220,28463004,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Vitruvian Stick Figure,"I don't regret buying this game; but in the way of it being early access, here's what you need to worry about. Control placement on the keyboard is fairly awkward, and there are few if any tutorials on how to effectively use the keys and available actions. The majority of the bosses, at this phase, are extremely difficult to defeat. Variations in the early dungeons are minimal, and it can get a bit jading. Death sends you back to the beginning, by which I mean (literally) the character select, and drops everything other than achievements.It's on its way to becoming something great, but it is not there yet; if you do purchase, remember that this is still in a very early phase of development."
76561198170193755,Not Recommended,323220,34409385,Posted: 21 August,all,drago2536,practically spelunky with extra steps
,Not Recommended,323220,35234924,Posted: 26 September,all,high ground,DEV dissapear  for 3 months nowim concerning that we got scam.
,Not Recommended,323220,29149066,Posted: 9 January,all,McKenzie,"Why does the armor not give you defense? Even the metal plated one, like the soldier's helmet and the soldiers armor, don't have defense. I understand if it's just cloth equipment that doesn't have defense. Also, why does the shopkeeper sell poison?"
76561198105670935,Not Recommended,323220,34443838,Posted: 23 August,all,Yusha,"The cheap instant deaths ruin this game for me. Playing 20+ runs in a row just to finally get a good run, have a great build, manage to beat that boss you died 3 times today. Then enter a new dungeon and get 999 damage out of nowhere while exploring.The way it is now, you have to be a mazochist to enjoy this game. Because if you start having fun, you are going to die. The further you go and the better you build, the more scared you get about the cheap deaths and losing everything because you got unlucky and didnt pay attention for 5 seconds.Learning to avoid each surprise and watch for every 2pixel sized triggers for the traps was ok for the first dungeon. You get to start over there if you die. But doing the same for the 3rd 4th dungeons is just plain chore because even if you play a certain level 100 times you can't breeze throught it because of the cheap instadeaths from the very first seconds of your run.I like this game, the combat is different, the enemies are fun once you get used to them. But the cheapness of the traps never stops being cheap and ruins the whole experience.I hope the developer will at least ad an option to disable instadeaths for people who just want to enjoy the combat. Until then, i don't recommend it to people unless they really want to punish themselves constanly in hope to have some fun at some point of the game."
76561198318503893,Not Recommended,323220,30232367,Posted: 27 February,all,Toa_Taka449,"I honostly do not like Vagante, its a simple and repetetive boring slog through procedreal generated worlds that feel too similar to have any sort of true replayability, but before I get into the negetives lets look at some of the positives.Vagante has some very neat ideas for what it is, all the classes and spells are creative in some regards my favorites being the rougue and wilding which really push your abilities and challenge you. The gameplay feels smooth, the menues are easy to navigate and its pretty easy to get used to the controls....That might be the end of it.Unfortanatly Vagante also has a wide variaty of problems with how it makes its characters despite them being so well built...as bases at least. What I mean is that these characters feel like bare bones representations of what could be a better start to the game. When you start, you have almost nothing, or at least for the wilding and rougue. Yes, I do know of how you are able to use one free point to unlock a new ability, abilities that can be further upgraded afterwards using the same points which are gained after leveling up, my problem is that the game makes you work for abilities that seem necessary. For example, the rougue has the rolling ability and the ability to move while shooting their bow which can be unlocked. However, I argue that the rolling should not only be immediatly available to you, but that it should also be given to all the characters. Rolling is increadibly useful in this game and I argue more importent the the primary weapon of the bow. Avoiding enemy projectiles and melee attacks by constantly jumping over them in a repetative pattern is not enjoyable, but rolling past them and avoiding their shots do. It adds a little complexitiy to the fighting, now by no means is the fighting in anyway complex in fact its pretty dull, but it was something and that something was something I thought should have been given across all the playable characters.Next, shooting while moving...why cant I have this at the very beggining? What kind of game is this where enemies are constantly moving, approaching me at a fast pace, and all I can do is sit there doing nothing? It doesn't compliment the level design, often a wall will block your shot so you will need to move, enemies will be above you but OH you can't jump or look up until, what, 2 levels in? Maybe the enemies are approaching me fast but oh no I can't move my lazy butt says I can't shoot arrows while moving backwards in a straight line. It makes the bow seem useless since often there isn't even enough space to shoot. A major problem for the Rougue.Now, the levels are boring. Im sorry but after 4 hours of playing through the first 3 levels and dying after the 3rd I just can't stand it. Sure you mey say, ""Ugh, just get better nerd and you'll see all the rest of the levels""...but for a game that promotes proceedreal generating and replayability, should those first few levels not have some variaty and better design? Maybe make it a lush green field that goes into the cave, maybe replace the 2nd area (the forest) with the 1st (the caves) because its so drab and boring to just stare at that for 4 hours.You know what else is boring? The combat!Its so simple, dodge, hit, dodge, hit, dodge. I mean the game has no variaty, again adding rolling to all characters and making it immediatly available could really spice it up, most enemies are too simple, they stab, and they're open. Sure this is in the first area but...the first area is 3 levels long, I expect something more like how bout less simple bandits and maybe a horde of tiny dragons that spew fire! How bout add lasers to the flying eyeball...things. I don't know but after maybe level 1 or 2 I expect more then a bandit and a flying eye that does nothing.And sure you may argue, well upgrading your abilities is importent to this kind of game, and I agree. But, im saying you should start me at the right point to start upgrading, between so overpowered it can kill the final boss and so weak I die in one hit kay?Finally, this game is unfair in some respects. Or at least, with the campfires, which only heal 10 HEALTH. I mean granted, its a hard game, its your mistakes, deal with it. But when I complete a stage, I want to feel motivated not discouraged. A measaly 10 health is not going to be enough to make me charge back in.I can see why so many people love this game, but its just not for me."
,Not Recommended,323220,32634859,Posted: 21 June,all,Roolick,"Controls are very awkward, I did not find much randomness or really anything compelling about the progression."
,Not Recommended,323220,32646274,Posted: 22 June,all,malaisling,"A good looking and tight controlled Rogue-like with decent amounts of environmental randomization, a nice pool of unique items and basic Role-Playing leveling mechanics.Overpriced considering the low amount of randomization as a whole, the very poor developer support and straight up broken controller support. The game also likes killing players instantly with traps that are barely visible, perhaps the developers are underaged. The only unique strength of the game is it actually has online co-op.It still suffers from the primary issues of these kinds of low-end Rogue-like games; it does not have enough randomization or polish to compete with the price range it is sold in. There are multiple other Rogue-likes you could buy which are better designed and hold far more replayability then this one while costing exactly the same. It doesn't help how awkward the combat can be as well, while the controls are tight in a very satisfying way; the actual method in which players need to land hits using melee is straight up clumsy and unrefined.It's also to be noted how blatantly the game rips off the mechanics of Spelunky. If the developers were so desperate to save brain power by just stealing another games system instead of making up their own; where did they put all that saved energy into. Because it certainly didn't get put to use in making anything in this game remotely special or innovative, or polished in any way."
76561198024626680,Not Recommended,323220,33063951,Posted: 30 June,all,drribosome,pretty boring and tedious
,Not Recommended,323220,32056325,Posted: 29 May,all,奈落落,The majority of Chinese players need Chinese Translation
,Not Recommended,323220,18884522,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Pirate Software,"As much as I really want to enjoy this game I feel like the default controls are especially unwieldly on keyboard.  Combinations of odd double key presses for spell/item switching and the use of both left and right shift make it really hindering.  In order to enjoy the game I had to entirely remap the keys.The first instinct I had when presented with ""Press Start"" was to hit the enter key, the game did nothing.  I had to go to the controls menu and figure out what the game wanted me to do in order to even get started.  From there my first instinct at a number of points was completely wrong.  For instance you cannot go through doors with UP like I would expect, you have to hit left shift.... Right shift wont work it has to be left shift.  Things like that really break the action and make me feel like I have to overcome the control scheme just to have fun."
76561198004469540,Not Recommended,323220,14251572,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,lichifruit,"It's really the little things about Vagante that ruin it for me. At its core concept is a good idea for a game, whose elements are proven in other successful fun games, but unsatisfyingly combined in this one. It sits like some kind of fusion between Spelunky, Rogue's Legacy, and... well, the original Rogue. If Rogue were a 2D platformer, it be about this.Unfortunately, I feel as if the game can't decide exactly what it wants to do. Spelunky chose to be, by and large, a puzzle game, where as Rogue's Legacy is far more of an action platformer. This is most evident in two factors: the kinds of traps and environments the games employ, and the damage systems they use.Vagante takes a damage system more classically RPG. You have HP, and you deal damage to enemies based upon your attack power. Different kinds of enemies take different numbers of hit to defeat, This is a perfectly functional system on its own, suitable for a more action oriented Rogue-like platformer (such as Rogue's Legacy) but the environments in Vagante suffer a number of complications.1) Poor visibility. Everything seems just a little too small in my opinion, and the color palette is sort of bland and samey. These factors combine to make a game where it's sometimes easy to miss little things. You learn to cope, but it makes the difficulty curve that much steeper. There's just little reason for a game's graphics to making it harder. Further more, the fog of war effect that limits your vision of enemies to only areas visible from your current position can cause enemies to flicker in and out of sight in a way that humans have evolved to find particularly distracting.2) Bosses. A great idea to add to games like this, the bosses are very interesting to fight, save for the fact that somewhat clunky controls make it extremely difficult to come out with much HP. The real problem with bosses in my mind comes in with the addition of...3) Instant death traps. A fine game mechanic as well, but as you vie for positions fighting bosses, it's all to easy to get tossed or knocked back or be forced to flee and find yourself instantly killed by some form of instant death trap. Have you ever noticed that platformers tend to put bosses into boxed off, isolated rooms? There's a game design reason for that besides memory. The action aspect of a boss battle combines very poorly with any form of instant death for landing on the wrong tile.Ultimately, for a game that wants to feature fighting enemies, it sure chose to have slightly awkward controls. You can't run left or right while attacking, and you can't jump while in the attack animation. The most effective way to fight is to explore and  use the random environment to your advantage whenever you can, but as you knock enemies back and wait for them to jump back up toward you, you find yourself in an action game that constantly forces you to break its flow if you want to survive.Flowbreaking aside, if the instant death traps vying for mental acuity with boss fights wasn't a problem and the controls were more polished, there's an issue of damage. Healing in the game is a bit TOO scarce. Ocassionally on some levels you can go almost unscathed, but on others you'll be lucky to leave barely alive, and when you're in the case of the latter, good luck having any chance of beating the following level.All in all, this is yet again another 'rogue-like' game that's made itself more than 'difficult,' it's unreasonable.P.S.More of a nitpick than anything, but the item system in this game is more busywork than anything. Unless you get particularly good items, they're not so much better or different than anything else to make the system matter. It's kind of inherently frustrating though that classes favor different types of items, resulting in a bunch of stuff you find not interacting with your abilities."
76561198012611832,Not Recommended,323220,18625620,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tsaruskie,"This game is nearly unplayable, as far as I'm concerned. The controls bear entirely too much ""float"" to them and fail to reliably interact with the game environment. Want to climb that ladder you're floating past? Sorry, but... yeah, no. Also, clinging to ledges is dodgy as hell, Oh yeah, and enemy projectiles will sometimes just not collide with the terrain. I get that it's early access, but damn that's some flighty control issues. Can't even get past the second floor because I just end up collision-erroring into pits of spikes. Maybe that's just me. All I know is that there's one thing I demand from games, especially difficult ones, and that is simply that their controls work. Since from my experience I have found the controls do not do that, well, I can't recommend this game. If you can look past the issues in control, the game does look rather nice, and has a pretty interesting idea behind it. I like the random loot system, it's just a pity that it doesn't help. All in all, I'd give this game a 4 or 5. I'd probably be down for giving it something closer to a 7 if the controls worked, but as-is I just can't get them to function reliably."
,Not Recommended,323220,20572033,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Armok,I felt like the controls for keyboard were uncomfortable and difficult to get used to no matter how I bound them.
76561198115915690,Not Recommended,323220,34315075,Posted: 17 August,all,Deathlift,"I didn't like it.It felt like a good idea at first, but there was no and still is no optimisation, no new classes and things, the same old.Developers are lazy. I expected multiplayer after a whole year of waiting. I think they probably abandoned the game after they milked our stupid asses."
,Not Recommended,323220,19526917,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,PurpleXVI,"Awkward controls, instakill traps and stunlocks mar what's otherwise a reasonably fun little roguelike platformer. It might be fun by the time they finish it, but I can't really recommend it in its Early Access state. Just save your money for Chasm instead."
76561197995554207,Not Recommended,323220,22610040,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ryantheryan,"This game is promising.Currently, I feel it's a little on the difficult side.Here is what I think this game needs:  A better way to handle death.Since the game insists on killing you, I think there should be some incentiveto keep the player coming back.  Perhaps this is a reward of some kind that is maintainedacross death."
,Not Recommended,323220,24762911,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,"The game itself is promising.However, due to it's current state, i'm not gonna recommend this game.Here are two things I found a little bit fruastrating:Got killed by shop NPC 2 or 3 times. I followed him into a room (maybe his room?)/messing with my weapon in his shop.Controll feels kinda................""Strange""tl;dr:Buy this game if you are a rogue-like game fan and is willing to wait until everything is perfect.If not, skip and come back later"
76561198055623240,Not Recommended,323220,22435684,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,GodTech,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ What i mean to say it that if you play catabomb kids you will♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants knowing that you could have not played this game altogether.
76561198236865606,Not Recommended,323220,33363679,Posted: 7 July,all,A1 Aviator,not good controls reallly weird
76561198073406815,Not Recommended,323220,20887288,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Rockageddon,"With 3+ gamers this is a Local Co-op fungasm.For solo gamers who can't get 2-3 gamer friends to come over, because they have jobs and sh*t.Buy Rogue Legacy instead.This is not one for the plebians. Or your normal non-gamer friends. Or your gamer girl-friend, she may say she can, she most definietly can not..Soloing is depressing as you dwell alone in the glorious pixel nostalgia with no one to share it with.Wish this came out before everyone got jobs and sh*t / 10"
,Not Recommended,323220,15119421,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"Functional alpha, but still alpha.This is, fundamentally, a horizontal roguelike.  Seriously, if it had more classes and races, and you had to fight your ghost, it'd be Stone Soup.Procedurally generated dungeons, random loot, and a leveling system.The problem is that the leveling system is top heavy so you don't get much of anything from it from run to run, and you can only level up once per floor.This game suffers heavily from almost relying entirely on its procedural elements.The handling isn't terrible, but it often wont do exactly what it is that you want, magic requires mana but almost every spell is nearly useless outside of special situations (except for things like Heal) and any of the advanced elements of the game are going to require a lot of personal testing or research outside of the game.If it interests you, keep an eye on it, but unless you're totally fine with things that aren't final products, save your money."
,Not Recommended,323220,23039361,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Cheerilee,game is great but need lot work i know its early acess game but i have played better ones then this onedie way to easy loco copo sucks and i rebot game like a dumb♥♥♥♥♥trying to give them a chanes but nope  still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. plus watching paint dry is way more fun
,Not Recommended,323220,29916183,Posted: 13 February,all,Awesinine,Single hit deaths ruin an otherwise amazing game.
76561198079027009,Not Recommended,323220,18189538,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Grandmaster of Throw,This game sucks.  The control is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it's way too much effort for what little reward you might get out of it.
,Not Recommended,323220,33107637,Posted: 1 July,all,TangerinaCat,i dont really like it
,Not Recommended,323220,23605283,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,GrehSoul,"Load up with a friendgot to the enddidnt find the boss,had to ng+5hrs ingame crashed  while going to next level0/10 im uninstalling"
76561198035569854,Not Recommended,323220,29661596,Posted: 2 February,all,Sgt.Buttcheeks,SHITY CONTROLLS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198141726872,Not Recommended,323220,28337587,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Pally Wal,"Dont buy it its not worth it, all it did was make me mad the control scheme is terrible (its hard to choose what floor to go to) there is no block its a skill to be learnt only by knight which is alright i guess but you get hit alot in this game. So i tried the keyboard and mouse and its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to make your character crouch, so i tried the contoller and its just god aweful. Anyways dont buy in my opinion 4/10"
,Not Recommended,323220,14714129,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Furion,:(
76561198282482551,Not Recommended,323220,32381362,Posted: 12 June,all,travelling.talktome,....
76561198095277771,Recommended,323220,21411753,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lord Helix,You might think at first that the games isn't worth the prise BUT you get in and you discover a metric ♥♥♥♥ ton of possibilities so in conclusion great game with awsome action and need for skill
,Recommended,323220,21413678,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Helpful,"I love this game, yet hate it. Maybe hate it more, but still love it. Me and my brother play this, get rekt, and do it all again just for the hell of it. Surprising to see this still in development in 2014, and look where we are. Updates sastisfy me, but will this game sastisfy YOU? Well, let me explain my thoughts, to give you an impression.+ Okay Indie ""Spelunky"" RPG game.+ Unique playstyle.+ Clean graphics and art.+ Difficult but rewarding... sometimes.+ A variety of playstyles.+ The atmosphere of the game makes you feel pretty confident in yourself (THAT IS YOU LOSE IT ALL WHEN YOU DIE).+ Has average controller support (My crappy controller works on this... somehow).- Can be brutal (Seriously, you can die in seconds if you don't know what you're doing).- WAAAY too many spikes/traps. I bring this up because in other games, my brother and I don't come along traps very often. When we do, we are eager to avoid it. In this case, you'll be walking through the Dark Caves, super cautionously to make sure your♥♥♥♥♥doesn't get plucked with spikes.- You can be overpowered really quick, unless you get the proper gear when heading into the next area. If you just speedrun through all the areas, you'll get destroyed, with the exception of people who DO speedrun this... somehow.+/- Can be confusing with the ""worship statues"" (I call them that). The Light is to donate money to heal, and the Blacksmith is super useful when it comes to throwing away extra items. Although you won't even know what they do unless you try.In conclusion, I stress over this game to try and do a good run. So far, I play the Knight class a lot since the sword spam lmao. It's up to you to try this game for $15.00. It may look small, but it can have a large impact on this."
76561198120723997,Recommended,323220,21444176,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SoapyGecko YT,I love this game although i havent seen much content  i want to see the next big updates!
76561198043996124,Recommended,323220,21608832,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Psychatog,"Fantastic, already worth the cost as is, and will only get better!"
76561198135178389,Recommended,323220,30441394,Posted: 10 March,all,Nenock,"With beautiful graphics and frequent updates what is there to dislike about this game? Well there are a few things that should be fixed. Some such things are balancing between risk and reward, whilst some bosses take skill and luck to beat they reward you with the equivelent of a sock on christmas. Its multiplayer and character selection/ creation could use some work as well. BUT! Those small problems aside this game is a great choice for those who love platformers/ rogue-likes/ fantasy/ retros."
76561198293614614,Recommended,323220,29545293,Posted: 28 January,all,the_wong_guy,"lots of fun, very hard"
,Recommended,323220,29536776,Posted: 28 January,all,SEBSATIONS,good game i just think the spikes are unfair
76561197973256721,Recommended,323220,17608895,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,jimbowick,"Vagante has been amazing since 8a where me and my girlfriend racked up 30 hours before even paying the measly $15 to support such a fantastic project. Levelling system, level design, unique class abilities and well developed depth adders like shrines and items to round out the most solid rouguelike I've played to date. Things have come along way since I asked my Dad what the hell he was doing controlling an ASCII symbol across a dirty DOS dungeon, and while ARPG's have taken one path, the modern roguelike takes up the other mantle of exciting permadeath and an increased level of dynamic interaction with the enemies and projectiles; and Vagante is the perfect example.I can't wait to ride it out with the developers and fans and see this game continue to grow in strength of fans and content. It takes a lot to part this ego centric♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with his not so hard earned cash, but for the cause of game design ingenuity and pure enjoyment, we should all be willing to peel a few shekels from our cashbundles!"
,Recommended,323220,17920188,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Flutterrage,this game is amzing but i will note after some time of play it just keeps crashing now i dont know why it works after many failed attemps to run the game
76561198046685576,Recommended,323220,16785731,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dandelion,"This is actually pretty great. VERY hard game.  Actually never gotten past the forest(Always killed by ridiculous homing instakill plants). Once I died ONE step into the first level by a boulder to the head.How anybody can choose mage or rouge is beyond me. Knights melee range, falling sword bounce attack and overhead swing are all soo scrummy dude... SOOO SCRUMMY!+Random levels+Random loot+Responsive controls(I play it with a PS3 controller via DS3 tool)+Devs add new stuff fairly often (every two weeks?)+Not many noticable bugs-Homing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fauna of death-Health-pots are a bit too rare (or should I say random? some plays you get many, most plays you get few or none)-You will have to research a little bit to get what the shrines do.-No online mode (yet?)If you like this type of game, buy it, 'tis worth it.**RAGE-EDIT**I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE THE PLANTS! They have killed me three times today. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plants are the ONLY reason I can't play this game for long periods of time.Would like the game way more if the ManEating-plant was nerfed or completely removed. Still recommend it though.**RAGE-EDIT END**"
,Recommended,323220,16829480,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Vexen77,"had a great run with high damage and fast attacks. Got 1-hit by boulder.11/10 will die againBut seriously, this game is sweet. A metroid-vania take on an ARPG. If you like games like splunkey or magicite, you'll love this! Even if you dont, GET THIS GAME! It's awesome."
76561197998939293,Recommended,323220,16911498,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Archiiv,"Great challenging game with good mechanics and replaying the game over and over is not a bit boring thanks to the large amounts of items ( scrolls, potions, weapons... ), secrets and the desire to further go into the levels.Feel like a Dark soul 2D type of game, where you have to die to become better and so on and so forth.Can't wait for the online coop."
76561198150359176,Recommended,323220,17119819,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,PoorHD,An amazing game if you love rouges. Lots of funny and scary moments playing with friends. This games is worth it!
76561198058694258,Recommended,323220,17841669,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,JCturonga,"Terrific game with a dev team that listens to the community, and gives regular updatesstrongly recommended. Perfect for anyone who is a fan of Spelunky, Risk of Rain, or Binding of Isaac.It feels like Spelunky with RPG elements.One of my favorite games even though it's only in Alpha."
76561198103924418,Recommended,323220,18125186,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Ergoan,just get it's perfect if you like a hard game
,Recommended,323220,18160372,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Oli,"Great game, great replayability, looking forward to online co-op.Spikes & boulders, not even once."
76561198011177649,Recommended,323220,16697797,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,WiredNavi,This is the game I wanted Spelunky to be.
76561197982774514,Recommended,323220,16708094,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,FlexiZuu,Rogue crossed with Spelunky with great pixel art. Highly recomended. It always keeps me coming back.
76561198074666834,Recommended,323220,16117285,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,JackRabbitSlim,"Almost 100 deaths into the game, and I am still finding spells, weapon effects, and items I didn't even know existed. 10/10"
,Recommended,323220,16100495,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,TinyTwitch,This game is spleunky with RPG elements and a great battle system. Its worth buying with or without friends.
76561198071539127,Recommended,323220,16806826,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,battlewarrior02,good but could use some work. cant wait for the multiplayer function
,Recommended,323220,16681788,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,gulden,"awesome game, love it!"
76561198053374325,Recommended,323220,16683606,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kirito93,"This game is a wonderful game. It reminds me of darksouls in 2D platformer form. Its hard but not overly unfair. While it feels unfinished, often times you dont live long enough to notice it too much."
,Recommended,323220,16393928,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,zanzaKlaus,10/8 would kill aga-AAAND I just got crushed by rocks. And spikes. And a dragon. And some explosives.Buy this game. It's getting constant updates with new features and is a solid game on it's own. Spend all of your money on it.
,Recommended,323220,13845037,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ExoticBomj,"awesome coop feeling, waiting for online multiplayer"
,Recommended,323220,15550465,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,The Dude,"Game is good, game is hard, game is fun, game is worth."
,Recommended,323220,15550673,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Equilibrium™,10/10 would die again
,Recommended,323220,14272649,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,NerdSassin,This game has amazing artwork and the gameplay is really good too I haven't been able to play much or even try playing co-op but this is a very good game. There are 3 different classes to choose from and they each have their own abilities and skills. It is a hard game but if you like rougue-likes I would recommend buying this game.
76561198011273388,Recommended,323220,14233529,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mustakraakish,i didnt realize it was only local co-op please get some real multiplayer.
,Recommended,323220,14170992,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Beldarak,"(My steam play time is lower than the actual time I passed in the game because I launched it directly from the game folder, I have played 3-4hrs more)Simply awesome. Spelunky HD meets a roleplaying game (level up, stats, spells and skills,...)It's challenging, has local co-op (yay!), the controls are very responsives: it takes some time to get used to them (even if you can rebind the keys/buttons) but once it's done you'll never fail because of them.Speaking of failures, you'll die a lot in this game, but from what I saw it's always your fault.The 3 classes (at the moment, which means on R11 -> with a bonus class that start the game without stuff or skills) play very differently which is good, and the different ways you can level up your class play quite differently too, so this is really nice.Now, about the co-op, which is the reason I bought the game in the first place (I like the singleplayer experience too but it's very different) :I really like the way the camera in handled. There is one camera (no splitscreen) which de-zoom/zoom to always show all the players. Some people might dislike this but for me it's the best way to handle this.The singleplayer game has permadeath, but in co-op, if you die you can revive (if a living player is near you, so if all players are dead at the same time it's game over) as a skeleton. A skeleton can't wear/use/carry items, doesn't have skills and is very weak. This is an okay way to handle death in this type of games. Playing as a skeleton isn't very fun but at least you're still playing and you can get your full character back if you find a certain item (I'm not sure but I think there's one in each level if someone's dead).The co-op experience is very fun. Like in Spelunky you'll have good laugh when your buddy fails miserably and makes you killed by accident (there isn't friendly-fire but clumsy people always find a way to get themself/others killed :D)In conclusion I really like this game. I would recommend it even if it was a full release, the fact it's still in active development is just the cherry on top of the cake."
,Recommended,323220,15721835,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,love it best of its kind!
,Recommended,323220,14999016,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,jprenda,"What an amazing game. I cannot stop playing!Each class has so much to offer (although, I am a Rogue kinda-guy)I cannot wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,323220,14966247,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ctswright,"Was hesitant to buy at first, because of the price tag and the early access label, but i have to admit that I am having a blast with this game, has way more content than i expected from it from the amount of skills, status effects, and  modifiers and I haven't even tried the multiplayer yet. Tons of fun, if you like roguelikes or action platformers, this is a must have."
76561198042111099,Recommended,323220,15069292,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,zzender1,"I've played this game way more than is healthy. Tight controls, stellar replayability, and constant updates make this a worthy addition to any gamers library."
76561197967165746,Recommended,323220,14451090,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,platelamp,Spelunky had a baby with an Action RPG.If that doesn't get you hard...Seriously buy this game.
,Recommended,323220,14628162,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Geischfelt96,"Is it me, or does the thumbnail look like a diagram of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥?  Vagante?Seriously though, in the amount of time I've played, I've thoroughly enjoyed myself.  Hell, even my girlfriend enjoys the game and she's a tough customer to please.  All in all, for the price, pick it up if you enjoy rogue-like hardcore rpgs."
76561197986122498,Recommended,323220,14280605,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Poke 'em up,"Vagante is Spelunky meet Terraria, a great roguelike with a lot of content for an early access title.The pixel art graphics is a work of love and the leveling up, the spells and skill learning mechanicscombined with the character variety makes for a lot of replay value."
76561198085090445,Recommended,323220,14599800,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,schmidt.j1,A tactical Rouge-like platformer is how I would describe Vagante. It forces the player to experiment  with provisions and gear. RPG elements drive it forward and keep you motivated as well as the constant discovery of shrines and treasure. I personally love the art style and hope for vagante to continue this upward trend.
76561197998960712,Recommended,323220,14614881,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,vearheart,"So I died a few time, found out the Rrouge theif guy is really fun. Found a damsel/princess ""Oh hey I can carrry her!"" Pick her up and take 3 steps before someone attacks me "" better swing my dagger"" I ended up tossing the princess towards them and a boulder fell on her imediatly.And I knew in that moment, 10/10 I'm gonna love this."
,Recommended,323220,14683660,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,AbeClancy,
76561198048968302,Recommended,323220,14753296,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Tipopunk,I Love it!
76561198025582907,Recommended,323220,15648227,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,PieMaster00,"Challenging, fun, RPG meets platformer. Each play takes a good amount of skill, reflexes, and luck to make it just a bit further.Plus, you get bouncy shoes"
,Recommended,323220,15390815,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Febreezy,Died 356 Times.356/10 starsWould die again.
76561198119209231,Recommended,323220,14957657,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,jasonguindon,"This game is very addictive and has enough depth to keep you playing over and over again,Some more boss variety would be nice. Overall this is great for an alpha version."
,Recommended,323220,30503004,Posted: 13 March,all,Johnggernaut,"I enjoyed this quite a bit, moreso than even Spelunky, which it feels like it has its roots in.Unfortunately, every time I ended the game I received the blue screen of death.  I refunded it as I felt that made it unplayable, but the game itself is something I can recommend!  I will likely purchase this when it's complete."
76561198046533401,Recommended,323220,15299560,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,primoaurelius,"RPG splunkey. procedural generated awesomeness. item filled power-up fun. cave diving, female saving, class using, boss killing badass coolness. yes i recommend this game, it is indeed quite fun, and is not lacking in content. it also has a wonderful pixel art component."
,Recommended,323220,15308663,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,DEARS,"Very good rogue-like. I'd compare this game to a pixel-art Rogue Legacy with even more RPG elements and difficulty. Has a nice local multiplayer and online multiplayer on the way.Controller support is exellent, even maybe, too good!Controls are crisp and most of the time, if you die, it's your own fault.One of the greatest element of this game is that everything is to be discovered in every games: you don't know what scrool does what, what drinking potions will do or the special effects of every gear you'll find.This game won't hold your hand and it's great!Would recomment even if, for now, it's in early acess!"
76561198010525195,Recommended,323220,15230413,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,PeskyJim,"I don't know what it is that makes me start this game every day, even if only for a single run, but I'm loving it. The game in its current state is capable of keeping me occupied for minutes/hours and its still in early access. Simply amazing.But let me share some thoughts why I (that is me, subjective) think its so good:- THERE IS A DEMO!!! SO I CAN TRY IT OUT BEFORE BUYING IT??? OMG!!! WHAT A GENIUS IDEA!!! Why isn't anybody doing this??? Oh, yeah...if your game sucks, people would not buy it...Anyway, a developer making a demo available is sure sign for me, that they have confident in their creation. A big plus in my eyes.- Level design with all its random generated goodness. Simple, yet amazing. I'm not bored! Every run feels new to me.- Music: its not bothering me, nice to listen to and it creates a perfect synergy with the level design. I have the feeling that I'm in a freeking dungeon or jungle.- Geme design. Yes, it has several elements from different games but hey, not everyone can cook. Having the right ingredients is not enough, you need to know how to mix them togheter and I think this game is delicious. Being original these days is very difficult, but thats not a problem. I don't care from where you got the idea from as long as you use them well. Trying to explain this with my cooking metaphor, I believe there are far to many ingredients already out there, so don't spend your time looking for a new one, use the existing one and make a good meal...like Vagante is.Bon Appetit :)"
76561197976017053,Recommended,323220,16368623,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lynex,"If ""Spelunky"" and  ""The Binding Of Isaac"" had a child, it would be Vagante.it has some of the best elements from both games. i would definitely recommend this game to anyone who has played either.in other words the game is so good i would buy it for my friends by the time online multiplayer comes out"
,Recommended,323220,16380714,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zereally,"So much fun! This game is almost Darksouls brutal with classic rougelike elements. good control set for both controller and keyboard. would definitly recomend, i feel as though i could sink alot of time into it! Would be great with friends."
76561198047952002,Recommended,323220,16264135,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Bobby the Eagle,You can kill the shopkeeper and steal his items. 10/10.
,Recommended,323220,16436797,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Orangecoat,"This game is so good it hurts and what hurts is the fact that I only heard about it from it going on sale. This game really needs some more exposure. The local co-op scene is becoming really huge and I love it. I like being able to walk into the next room and say ""Hey wanna play a couple hours of Vagante?"" and jump right in. Don't get me wrong since i bought it I have been playing it a minimum of 3 hours a day  so I can't say I have explored it enough to say it one of the better early access games I have gotten my hands on. Sad to say the only thing that is bugging me right now is the random crashes but other than that I have had no problems ( the crashes have only happened twice). I rate as of now 8/10 but I am sure I will be seeing this game grow to be something as big as risk of rain, towerfall, and binding of isaac."
76561198115851808,Recommended,323220,14893976,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Sigma Ex-Core,Great game but it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play just need to get use to the controls overall 5/5
,Recommended,323220,15060758,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Goralight,"I can punch slimes, bats and dragons to death with the force of the wolf god!12/10"
76561197995165227,Recommended,323220,14824606,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Goblin Prince,"Vagante is a challenging and fun roguelike RPG with a heavy emphasis on platforming and timing. Each of the classes offers a unique playstyle through the use of skill points and changes to default stats. Completing a floor is extremely rewarding due to the high difficulty of the game and finding new items not only offers improved stats, new spells, and the ability to continue your journey, but they often add bonus passives that change how you play.The game is already great and I feel it's been well worth my money, its early access nature just promises more greatness in the future and I, for one, can't wait to experience more!"
,Recommended,323220,14760825,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hi,"This game is the product of putting one's soul into it.If you choose to pick up this game, remember it's still in early access. Many things are unfinished and ANYTHING is subject for change.There are still many things wrong with the game, but if you find something really problematic, you can always post in the steam discussions and you have a very large chance of getting a response shortly, and if the devs see it fit, they will make the changes. Or at least try. :pBut if there's only one thing you take from this review, know this; LURKERS ARE EVIL FLOOR HACKERS! THEY MUST ALL BE DESTROYED!!!"
76561198026998936,Recommended,323220,14333645,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,FFS,Nice and challenging
76561197962753625,Recommended,323220,14025515,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Blackheart,This game is sick. I havent felt the wrath of a good 2d game like this in quite some time ♥♥♥♥ng epic. Love it.
76561198074238844,Recommended,323220,14112133,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Gechek,Perfect!
76561198050800167,Recommended,323220,14113970,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ShadowCat7,"If you ever wanted Spelunky the fantasy RPG, then Vagante is for you. Or if you wanted to play NetHack as a platformer.Vagante features the same kind of infuriating and addictive gameplay as any member of the rogue-like category. It strongly features randomized levels and items with Diablo-like suffixes, perma-death, and insane difficulty. The difficulty comes mostly from combat being very precise. You start the game very weak, and poor skill will result in early death. The game also features vengeful shopkeepers, attributes and skills, and magical items that grant mostly useful abilities.Before it came out on Steam, I played every version of Vagante for a total of around 40 hours.As of this review Vagante is in Alpha Revision 11."
76561198002576372,Recommended,323220,14383217,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,mattscer,"Vagante a rogue-like inspired game with elements from Spelunky and RPG dungeon crawlers. It has pixel style graphics which has an old school Final Fantasy charm. The graphics are simple yet detailed in their nature, the developers managed to create a cosy and mysterious atmosphere to the game by making use of the dark and a flickering torch every now and then. The levels are randomly generated everytime you play so you can never get bored or used to them. You can choose between three classes when you 1st start the game: Knight, Rogue and Mage. When you are exploring the dungeons you will encounter bosses, loot filled chest, various monsters, traps and such. I have only been playing Vagante for a day but this certainly looks like one promising fun filled game which I can see myself spending hours playing it."
76561198126372838,Recommended,323220,29714430,Posted: 5 February,all,Dropper,If you are strong enough you can throw a chiken so hard into a wall that it disintegrates into a tasty red mist. 10/10 Would spam so many memes in chat it breaks it again.
76561198093868829,Recommended,323220,19469867,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Xiao_XiaoX,"I have been playing it for nearly a day in a half in the past week. I love it and would reccomend it to others. So far I haven't seen any bad problems except I feel the mage is way to weak in the begining. I do great with the Knight and I love the rouge class and also ??? but the Mage is by far the hardest. I've played the mage the most dying over 200 times with him barely making it to the forest in the last few tries. Maybe work on the Mage Class a bit more to make it a bit easier unless they are trying to make it hard difficulty. The specialties for each class are fantastic and smart. For example Knight has a shield, Rouge has shadow stealth and Mage can read what the potions really are. For an alpha I give it a 7/10, a 9/10 if they make the Mage class a bit better. Also can't wait for Online Multiplayer!!!!"
,Recommended,323220,19526864,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,brendensherman,Finally beat the game so I can finally tell you its a good challenging game. I think its best with friends to play with. Online feature in development so those that don't like the screen zooming don't have to deal with it. So if anyone was wondering how long it took me to beat it. I have been playing since I came across the demo and it only got easier since the demo. It is procedurally generated with enough variations it will take you a bit to see the simularities and that jumping puzzle is possible.
76561198081436524,Recommended,323220,19510830,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,cogita,10/10Play it.
76561197974121759,Recommended,323220,19393544,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,j.c.mellonhead,"Don't have a ton of play time under my belt yet, but I've gotta say: I'm SO impressed with this game! This is like Spelunky all over again, with a little Rogue Legacy mixed in for good measure. And like many people have said, the difficulty level is spot on - punishing but rewarding. Every playthrough you learn something that'll help you survive the next time.Bottom line: if you're a fan of procedural awesomeness, get this game."
76561198042681871,Recommended,323220,19368166,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Harrison,A great game for people who think Undertale isn't quiet their game
76561198118741481,Recommended,323220,19383830,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Neil Zineatzer,"pile drive spikes, roar at things, punch things"
76561198144988463,Recommended,323220,14110686,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Funk Masta Fuu,"I bought this game 3 days ago and I love it I can't stop playing it I have something like 18 hours on record already. Edit; I have 45 hours on this game now. At first it was a game that made me set aside everything and I just wanted to play it all the time, But now I love picking it up every now and then just to play it. It's an instant classic. It's replayability is among the highest I've ever seen in a video game, and the items being randomly generated keeps you wanting to try and try for better runs. It has some unlockables so you don't feel like you've lost everything when you die. Anyone who likes hard rpgs will enjoy this game. Oh and I've never beaten it, with 45 hours. My friend has almost the same hours and he's never beaten it either, it's pretty hard you really have to pay attention.I'd give it a 10/10 but I'm kinda bummed about no Mac support :(9.99!"
,Recommended,323220,19354910,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,samort14,"This game is AMAZING. If you are looking for a great single player / local co-op game, look no further! It's early access, but it shines more than many other finished games I've seen. It has excellent procedurally generated levels and loot, end bosses, skill tree, and did I mention it is AWESOME for local co-op? Playing with friends is so much fun!"
76561198086351471,Recommended,323220,19341045,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,armyzofRICE,Terraria on a whole new level. Kept dying but love it to the max! Too bad i cant try it online yet
,Recommended,323220,19349889,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mal Au,"The game is on early access and still is a ♥♥♥♥ing funny game to play, the only bad thing is it does not have online multiplayer yet, but this will change for better :)"
,Recommended,323220,19341025,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Siegmont,"This game is a real fun dungeon-adventure.  The controls are great and it really feels like you're exploring through a labyrinthian treasure-trove.  The zones you explore feel unique and bring their own challenges:-The caves have instant death-traps but relatively easy enemies.  The spelunking is simple enough to ease you into the game, but watch out, there are some steep falls!- The forest zone has some pretty tough enemies, some of which will harass you from afar.  There are no real traps here, but some of the platforming can be treacherous.- The Ruins (or is it Crypt?  I don't visit often...) are definitely a challenge - unforgiving traps and enemies that will mess with your day around every corner.  The platforming here is relatively mundane though, but seriously, watch out for those traps and badguys.Finding items and equipment is one of those risky things, too, which can ramp up the tension.Definitely a challenging game but it feels good to play.  The visuals are simply gorgeous as well, it has a really nice artstyle and the music is atmospheric, too (though I personally feel that the boss music needs to be a bit scarier or heavier)."
76561198054526025,Recommended,323220,30631992,Posted: 20 March,all,solfeggio,"This game has a great atmosphere and artwork, that draws you in. So every now and then I forget how unforgiving and difficult this game is, and I optimistically start it up. But it will spit me out as if I were a worm in a delicious fruit from the exotic rogue-family. Yes, its in early release, and has great potential, its good now and I guess it will get better and better."
76561197994666037,Recommended,323220,20862058,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,joshuatripp,"At first the game seems incredibly hard.  After a couple of runs you get used to the gameplay and how to defeat basic enemies so you begin to creep deeper and deeper into the game, which leads to the addiction of playing that one more time to see if you can get a bit further.The items are interesting and add an unique twist to each time you head through the maps.I really enjoy this game, although the 2 times so far I've gotten to the forest the game has crashed.  Very frustrating to play that far into the game only to have to start all over again.  Luckily the acheivements associated with those runs seemed to have been retained.Overall, fun game.  Really needs to sort of the bugs though."
,Recommended,323220,21178222,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ndance,Excellent game. Looking forward to the full release.
,Recommended,323220,21171597,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Khaezaid,It's Spelunky meets Nethack with SteamOS/Linux support. What's not to love?
,Recommended,323220,21138271,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Glistening,Happy they are actually making updates. Really tough and challenging while always being different. Would recommend for people with a bunch of controllers and a bunch of friends.
76561198047512036,Recommended,323220,21119045,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Kiro,You stand steadily bow drawn and breath held as you release an arrow down the sight of your bow. The arrow pierces the flesh of the dragon through and through then off into the distance to graze the shop keeper shirt. A great victory won! And then out of nowhere a bag of 100 gold pieces slaps you right across the cheek striking you dead instantly. YOU ARE DEAD.Don't touch the shop keeper its death.Good Game good devs a little unbalanced but they're working on it.
,Recommended,323220,21220564,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kon,"Running a mage and doing excellent. Awesome gear, got past Forest 1 finally, and I nuke myself with a full cast Chain Lightning because I didn't have a target. GG 10/10"
76561198057296764,Recommended,323220,21557318,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ploopy07,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,323220,24204989,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Modded Gaming,"At first it seems like a typical Platformer RPG, but this game is EXTREMELY hard. It's like they took some of the no mercy power of Dark souls and made it like mario Plus the game it's self is randomly generated. I have to say this game is great on and off line. So if I had to give a rating for the creators: 9/10 for the entire game it's self and the thought of bringing back 8-bit. Nice work guys~"
,Recommended,323220,24435651,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Stardew,I love this game lol.. They did Nerf my Wilding fist weapon stun lock.. But that's okay not everybody enjoy bugs. But I love this game if you want something that you might never finish unless you had a good group this is the game for you lmaoo..
76561198082255775,Recommended,323220,24290909,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Naru-chan,I love this game they have had some up's and down's with the updates but i feel everything is coming together to make a fun hard and great game i would recomend this to just about anyone who likes rouge likes
76561197989336992,Recommended,323220,23620885,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Zynol,this is a good game very hard to play alone would like to find some ppl to play with but in all if u like to have fun soling and a hard game u should play this game i die alot so far makes me want to play it over and over
,Recommended,323220,23556252,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,debz,a glorious little game that my friends and i return to time and time again.
76561198282497702,Recommended,323220,30805882,Posted: 28 March,all,m1a1thefanclub,"first impression is, it is as fun as spelunky while feeling more like a a jrpg like dragon quest or final fantasy. the world it creates so vital to the core of the game all the while being virtually non existent by not really having a story. so far i think it is the greatest rogue lite i have played no it is not dwarf fortress or unreal world but it has surprising depth for a game that is some where between a Zelda or a monster world. but that being said i wish the classes differed more then equipment that is inter changeable and i will just put out a recommendation since it is in early access and i payed full price why not have the rogue class attack downwards likethe little kid in the nes classic whomp em you know just press down and anything beneath you get wounded. it just feels a little silly to have such deadly enemies then have them get stuck under your feet and the slime's deal damage and you don't and it's just silly. other then that i think it is one of the best games i have played in a long time and highly recommend it."
,Recommended,323220,24233831,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Astray,Recommended if you like hard games!
76561198053653124,Recommended,323220,24717717,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Agrias Oaks,"Vagante is an excellent hybrid of games! An excellent platformer with RPG elements, rogue-like elements. Vagante offers plenty of customization, and options that make each play through a little better. To top it all off, the unlockables, you unlock skills and talents as you go making it more or less challenging!There are 4 classes, Knight, Rogue, Mage, Wildling, all with unique abilities that offer a different experience to each game. The graphics are absolutely wonderful! They are simple, but updated pixel graphics, beautiful to watch and play! While there isn't much in the way of story, or explanation, it's to be expected by most rogue-likes anyway, so in that department, it's par for the course.Lastly, there is multiplayer. While this feature is still in beta, it works relatively well (unless someone dies, then reviving is a little confusing, and doesn't always work). The multiplayer is fun, and entertaining. There is a different level of satisfaction when playing this game with a friend or two!Definitely recommend this game!"
76561198140344505,Recommended,323220,24860656,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Avo Rai,"I swear to god, I didn't notice it was early access until after a couple minutes playing.Pros:-So many effects!-Already has a lot of cool skills/spells despite being incomplete (early access)-Challenging enemies with different ways to approach them-Very interactive terrain-Overall, it just has a lot of variables (weapon types, spell types, classes, class specialization, etc...) that really make you want to play the game many times.Cons:-Game isn't very good at teaching you how to play. You kind of have to die many times until you get the hang of it-Some class skills are a bit lackluster and/or not well explained.However, this is an early access game! I'm sure they will add even more stuff. The fact that you get to have many combinations of effects each game is super cool! If you like roguelike games, this early access one is already more complete than some games which are already official."
,Recommended,323220,22138657,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Quokka,"In 55 hours, I've only died numerous times.  When you buy this game, you can die too."
76561198109135173,Recommended,323220,22443071,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Fox Magician,Anyone who has ever enjoyed any roguelike game should most definitely get this game. A+
76561198296411248,Recommended,323220,22650190,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,the docless,i love the game so much it has such an easy playstile but it crashes alot
,Recommended,323220,20637635,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,HotRob,"Amazing game, especially considering its early access. I bought it and couldn't put it down for ~5 hours. Roguelike RPG dungeon crawler with a platformer feel. Absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,323220,20711735,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,subservient chicken,"Plays Vagante for the first time, kills everything. Runs around for half an hour trying to find an exit, finds exit behind pushable stone blocks. 10/10 would be confused again."
,Recommended,323220,22204233,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Trafficlights,"I've not come far at all yet (7hrs of play time) but I can already tell that this is a great game. If you like Rogue-likes, this is a must for you! It reminds me a bit of Spelunky because there are (death) traps but combat is way cooler in this game and doesn't feel as frustrating. There are different classes to choose from and multiple kind of weapons/spells to fight with."
,Recommended,323220,22247242,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kay K Kay,"Just know that you will die, like a lot. Probably more than you do on any dark souls games. Trust me, accept your fate in this game and just enjoy it. The game is amazing. It is pretty much what i have been waiting for when it comes to this genre. It does what Spelunky does but way better. The other game close to this game would be Catacomb Kids. Catacomb Kids and Vagante have pretty much beaten any game this year in terms of replayability and overall in the fun category."
76561198047347171,Recommended,323220,22032259,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,manpuke,F*cking amazing. Like a 2D Dark Souls meets Spelunky.
76561198028116807,Recommended,323220,20251508,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,12 btw,"fun, especially with coop"
76561198170332779,Recommended,323220,20274396,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,silentsilencer2,I CANT GET INTO THE DUNGEON CAN SOMONE TELL ME HOW TO ENTER IT AND WHY IT HAS A BOARD AT THE ENTRANCE SO I CANT GET IN :[
76561198070510797,Recommended,323220,20431614,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Puchard,"It is a great game, and even better with friends. The game is difficult, but extremely fair. The players receives more than enough items to go through each level. Boss fights are fun. Players don't get damaged on touching enemies, instead taking damage when hit. It game takes practice to get use to, but for an alpha, this game is more than enough to enjoy with friends for a couple hours. Hopefully there would be more ideas for abilities on items in the future."
,Recommended,323220,20400885,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,dazulu,"Having put 100s of hours intoSpelunky, I've been looking for newrogue-likechallenges and while I've played a few other games (such asTowerclimb), nothing was hitting the spot until I tried this. Even in early access it's well polished and I'm really enjoying figuring out its secrets. Also haven't come across a single bug and it's extremely playable."
,Recommended,323220,20455518,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lordician,"I found this game through Vinny (Vinesauce) and it looked like it was fun.I have not been disappointed ever since.As soon as i found out it had coop and my friends were over, we played this together.We were originally going to play something else as well, but we completely forgot about it.This game has had me mesmerized from that point.A lot of the hours spent on this game have been singleplayer however, which is equally as fun (and slightly frustrating)!This really is a rogue-like game.One life to get as far as you can.Did you die? Too bad, try again.And while this game features many instant kills (watch the spikes and falling heavy objects), it doesn't neccesarily feel cheap.Maybe the first few times where you discover those insta-kill you, but after a while, you learn how to avoid them.It helps that the same rules apply to enemies (with the exception of bosses, though they do take damage).You can knock or lure enemies in traps to kill them without losing anything from it, mostly.The classes are your typical RPG classes: Warrior, Mage and Rogue (Archer/Assassin blend).There seems to be more in development, with one other class available right now, but the first 3 are clearly the base classes.THe game also features a levelling system, you get experience from killed enemies.After every level, there is a hub area, where you can save for another time, heal up a bit (this is always available, after every level) and you get your level up there.This will grant you one point which you can spend on either a skill or a stat.The skills really change the gameplay and while they have a max level, every point spent in them is noticable and changes the way you play a bit.This way you can specialise, while not limiting yourself.Aside of that you also have your items to gather (sadly, they are not visible on your character) that range from weapons, armor, spellbooks (spells), potions and more.While every character has a skill bound to a specific weapon-type, every class can equip everything.So even the battlemages can work perfectly, they are just not as damaging with melee as a knight would be for example.There is also a lot of things to discover in every level.Especially at the start, you will wonder what some things do.While there is a (mandatory, i think) tutorial at the start of the game, not everything gets explained.Though some things get hinted at in the tips you see when you have died.Which will happen a lot.Trust me.Tl;Dr:Fun, entertaining and punishing game.Fun for up to 4 players in couch co-op (soon to feature online though!) but also fun for solo players.Certainly recommend it to pretty much everyone."
76561198099019724,Recommended,323220,20280391,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mad_Pharmer o_O,"Fun as one person or a group. Don't lose focus though, the game is not forgiving. Lots of funny items, simply made, challenging. Wish there were a few more types of bosses in the dungeons. Overall entertaining and well done for a pre-release."
,Recommended,323220,30673998,Posted: 22 March,all,Wülfgrïm,Totally Worth :)
76561198015233287,Recommended,323220,20480238,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mangu,"It's a polished and better tuned music version of Spelunky... in a way. Vagante has a delightful uniqueness, not just the environment (which will probably get better upon further releases of patches and whatnot), its the challenge it represents, not too hard not too soft, it pinpoints the rogue-like genre difficulty right in the middle (of course you WILL kill yourself many times at first by being clumsy, reckless or too rushed up like any good rogues as The Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy or Ziggurat) and you will enjoy the fluid gameplay it has to bring (even though its Early Access) because it action is not slow nor too hyperactive, just... perfect, and in my opinion, when online multiplayer gets released, it will get so much better!If you enjoy rogue-likes, you should definetly give it a try. There are currently 4 playable classes each with it's own set of skills that you enhance each playthrough from scratch while you discover its functionalities and such. It's a pretty great game, I absolutely love it and it is even more fun with friends (because it HAS local coop and I enjoy it A LOT!).Nuke-Nine is on the right path for an Early Access game, I hope they can port this over to other systems because they deserve it. They have already created a memorable game and its not even finished yet c:"
76561198095402758,Recommended,323220,20525540,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Menjembeng,the best game i ever bought nuf said
76561198008478292,Recommended,323220,20521389,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Giann,"Vagante has great inspirations (spelunky, dark souls, dungeon crawl stone soup) and the result is a gorgeous, deep and compelling game."
76561198108804253,Recommended,323220,20517363,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Tyrex XD,Thank U Just Thank u for this game
76561198042280538,Recommended,323220,20508652,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Barilius,"It's a really good game if you like action roguelike+metroidvania. Easy to learn, very hard to master... Can't wait for the online multiplayer to kick in (because I don't have anyone to play local with...)."
76561198045644354,Recommended,323220,20345986,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Guerilla,"Fun, platforming and random. These were the ingredients chosen to create the perfect little game."
76561198048115586,Recommended,323220,20511614,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Fett86,"Super Mario Ultimate1. No holes to fall but floor will gladly give u a hug if u jump off from hights2. You can kick back and hit hard with your sHword and spit out magics.3. There is kind of Princess, yet its fairy. U even can bring her into your (?) cave where she performs some kind of private lapdance. U have to find her first tho (goblins liked her too)4. You kill the Dragon. Once. The small one.5. You see your♥♥♥♥♥ i mean back, at the ending of every level.p.s.: vagante rocks. This game is awesome even without multiplayer. Curious about how they will make it multiplayable. Risk of Rain way or?i managed to reach catacombs. it took me awhile. i m proud of myself.for beginners - highjump, doublejump and dash makes any run alot easier. Collect and keep Death Protection necklesses (dont forget to put on new one after previous worns off (hehe))"
,Recommended,323220,20529107,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Space Man Stan,"A game that is truly fun a difficult that rewards player skill with a nice element of rng that adds variety but does not make the game based on luck. Rogue like so you lose everything when you die, but the game is run based so it's not like that is a big deal. Very addiciting, very fun, very unique, very 10/10."
76561198101963252,Recommended,323220,18582882,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,"Literally an amazing ""Roguelike"" platformer and easily one of the best EA games available. It has some incredible developers behind it, so it's been a pleasure watching the game grow and evolve. You can't go wrong here so just buy it cuz it's worth every penny imo. If for whatever cosmically unknown reason you don't love it. Pick up your phone, call a friend, have them come to your house, and kindly ask them for a swift painful d!ck punch. Maybe that will wake you up a little. :)  All joking aside Vagante is a truly awesome game and it shows you don't need boatloads of cash or AAA backers to create something epic.   Happy Va-gan-te....ing"
,Recommended,323220,19578825,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Swiffer Sweeper Floor Cleaner,"Short review: It's a good, no, GREAT game.Less-short review: Now THIS is an RPG Rouge-like, being inspired from Spelunky, it is a platformer, but with combat and stats and leveling and blahblahblahblah, and everything this does is done well, it just feels good to make that impossible jump, to kill that boss, to step on a switch while running from a stronger enemy and a boulder kills that enemy, it's just good fun, but all fun must come to an end, and that end is with death. You will die a LOT, because this game is pretty dang hard, but you will learn what class, items, weapons, spells you like, and soon will learn how to defeat this, and that process can be quite enjoyable. If you like RPGs, Rouge-likes, platforming, and a challenge then this game is for you.-also play with a controller, it's much better.-and multiplayer is good   :^)"
,Recommended,323220,19926092,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,potato,so gud
,Recommended,323220,20041388,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,sweatyhelmet,Very fun and challenging rogue-lite alpha. Co-op can be very fun too! Looking forward to more content/mechanics.
76561198074573346,Recommended,323220,20082574,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pigston,Spelunky 2
,Recommended,323220,30681871,Posted: 23 March,all,mangome,best 2d side scrolling roguelike
76561198174774322,Recommended,323220,20605989,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,mwhoelsc,"Such a fun game. The gameplay is so well done, exciting, fast, but also strategy heavy. I think it could benefit from more story, though. Perhaps NPCs with little snippits of dialogue?"
,Recommended,323220,20122966,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Orion,"Fun, charming, difficult in a good way, a little sparse on features, but solid."
,Recommended,323220,20205251,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Avataco,"This game is burtally unforgiving. I like it, and I like to hate it."
,Recommended,323220,17324992,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Onion Rings,"I'm changing my review because it turns out I just didn't give this game much of a chance and I was probably being sour because I was bad at it, so instead of deleting the negative text, I'll just black out the ones that become less relevant the more skillful you get.Old Review:As much as I love the idea and a most of the excecution of this game, there are a few little things about it that can really suck the fun out of it. But before I go into them, I need to commend the devs on what they did well, but there are rightly an endless amount of comments dedicated to that, so I won't go into detail there.Here are my problems with the game:The arrow traps on walls are in some situations virtually impossible to dodge without taking damage.Some of the bosses are quite unfair, the only one Ireallyhave a problem with so far is the boss goblin, who moves way too fast, frequently and erratically in relation to the average reach of most weapons.I feel like there isn't enough variety or control over your character's stats near the start of the game for you to tailor him to your play-style, also I think there should be more means of progression on the long term.As well as you not having much control over your stats,you don't really have much control over your inventory in that, pretty muchallof thesingle-usepotions and scrolls are 'unidentified' and you can't really use them that tactically because you don't know what they are, which adds to my next point because you can accidentally use a health potion when it's not needed, adding to frustration.A lot of this is made more annoying by how difficult it is to recover health, so each loss of health is felt much more and pointless, unfair losses of health can make the game very frustrating.there isn't a whole lot of content for how much this game costs.And just in case there's some content in-game that addresses any of my problems, I am brought to my final point; that the tutorial could be a bit more fleshed-out,or even just tips every time you die, like in 'Rogue Legacy'.Well done to devs by the way, I have total faith that this game will keep improving and you'll have a modern classic by the time you're done with it.Extra note: I think for a perma-death game like this, I think that the spike traps should justdo a lot of damage rather than instantly kill you."
,Recommended,323220,21879171,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Reach,"Take all the dungeon crawling, monster fighting goodness of Gauntlet and merge it with the trap riddled cave exploration of Spelunky and you have Vagante.Keep in mind it is early access so there are some bugs, balance issues, and missing/unfinished features such as online multiplayer. That said it supports local multiplayer for up to 4 players."
76561198015492828,Recommended,323220,21879236,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mr.Heathcliff,One of the best games i played!
,Recommended,323220,21633894,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Small Anime Girl,"""Okay"""
,Recommended,323220,21829584,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,buttchuggin brewskies,dark souls + bro forcedark bro soul force
76561198129650275,Recommended,323220,21843148,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ricin the Pirate Wolf,"[Logged online hours do not/will not reflect hours also played offline]Ahhh, Vagante.  It’s like the pixelated version of the Dark Souls’ franchise you wish you could play on a potato powered by combustible lemons but couldn’t because A) you had no potatoes that had a 1920x1080 LCD screen, and B) you had no combustible lemons because those were outlawed after Aperture Science used them to burn your house down.  …With the lemons.  Now that I’ve got your attention, my review will follow.[GRAPHICS/ART STYLE]The graphics portion of Vagante is more like a lifestyle choice when someone says they’re Demisexual.  They’re not bad by any means but the game has its own flair and spark to it through the quirky pixelated art.  Every dungeon, though dark, bleak, grey, sad, and full of everything that wants to have you murdered so their children can live another day to avoid being grave robbed or psycho mass-murdered, it has a dilapidated feel to it, like other dungeon crawlers before you were killed there and you want to just loot their dead bodies for the stuff they were carrying.  The sprites are interesting and remind me something of Terraria in their forms.  It has a gothic, playfully serious tone to it and looks like an adventure waiting to happen.[GAMEPLAY]Gameplay is addicting, fun, and the “just one more time” kind of vibe to it.  I will say though, that the remapping the controls to your liking helps EXTREMELY unless you’re used to using the D-pad to move around instead of using the left thumbstick.  The in-game text involving button use is literally “button 1, 2, 3, 4” etc. and isn’t labeled as “Press X, A, B, Y,” etc. instead.  It’s not that big of a deal but it is a little frustrating when you don’t remember which button you assigned as “button 4”.There are shops located around each dungeon area in which you can buy things from using the coins you just pawned off some dead creature just trying to feed its family in a run-down community home you just sacked.  You can choose to buy things or not to buy them.  Additionally, you can do neither of those things and instead kill the shopkeeper and steal all his gear.  Depending on how skilled you are at not getting crushed by surprise boulders, getting shanked by a bunch of spikes or even killed by dragons, flying eyeballs, arrows, and drowning, you can kill him.  Did I mention you will likely get killed by a boulder?The leveling up system in Vagante is more akin to your traditional level-up system in any normal RPG.  You have Strength, Intelligence, etc. but also perks you can pick.  So it’s akin somewhat to Fallout 4’s level-up system and it’s pretty damn cool.  There’s not too much to say about it other than[SOUND DESIGN/MUSIC]I normally do not review particular sounds or music in games.  But as plain as Vagante is, it has a very fantasy like vibe.  It’s not epic (lookin at you, Skyrim), it’s not really a fruity fantasy thing (here’s looking at you, Oblivion!), but it is—as I said—very gothic but not brooding.  It’s an adventure.  But all the sounds and the plain music (if I recall, there is some music) all make for a wonderful atmosphere.  You spend more time concentrating on not getting crushed to death by boulders and killed by the 3rd son of the slime you murdered eight dungeons ago, but the sounds are nice to listen to.So here’s the rundown.Pros:+ Art style is brilliant, dark, and different+ Gameplay is addicting+ Combat is plain but it helps keep you on your toes and doesn’t require a lot of thinking or planning+ gear is not hard to come byCons:- buttons not labeled as on controller (not that big of a deal though)- Game likes to hang up a little here and there but since its early access it’s forgivable- boulders have a higher K/D ratio than you will after two dungeon runs10/10 would get constantly killed by boulders again"
76561198087791730,Recommended,323220,21861418,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ZAKU,So happy I've supported this game from the very begining as it's shaping into a truly unique and incredible game! Love the devs! Thank you for this amazing gem!
76561198200513629,Recommended,323220,30730983,Posted: 25 March,all,jlewis5445,"This game is a game that I bought and enjoyed. Now that it has been updated and continues to be updated I love this game. I have fun with its difficultulty and usually find myself frustrated only when I try to rush things and not think strategically. If you want a hard, punishing game, that rewards methodical calculated movements and plans then this is the one.The bad is that it takes some getting used too, the controls can be a little foreign, (they were for me, and I am an avid gamer) and the game can feel unforgiving someties, but keep at it, it gets more and more fun"
,Recommended,323220,21768597,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,jonuno,"Starts really well, makes you pay attention to every step and element, but when I got to the second level it just starts to feel like another game and lost its ambience / value. I don't know if it is because it gets more ""phantasy"" like but I get that feeling ""I need it more to be like Dark Souls"" :) Ayway, a good rogue-like with beautiful characters and skill tree, if this adds WORKSHOP support, it would be amazing has I could build level designs more in touch with what I mean.Sweet sprites!"
76561198017418708,Recommended,323220,26515266,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,天诛,"The game is hard... and it times feels unfair. One time you might get lucky and have lots of space when fighting a boss other times you have to struggle with platforming and tight spaces which makes the battle really daunting rather than fun.Sometimes controls get in a way (im playing using gamepad) so changing into right skills or weapons is a bit clunky, you have to hold a button then press another button to juggle between the two while doing platforming and fighting... Many times i died because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t things. It definetly needs some balancing.Graphically its ok but i would prefer bigger characters and more details on them.There is no explanation as to what certain objects on the level do. Like Anvil or SHark statue... can't figure it out.At times game throws so many monsters at you while not giving any HP potions so it seems this game was designed to be played with friends.You cant keep the loot when you die and very little carries over to the next playthrough. Which for me is a bit dissapointing.I have beaten Dark Souls games no problem died couple of times but this game is a whole new level of hard. Died 11 times before I could even get to the next level lol....A lot of it is due to the fact how your character moves. I need to use d pad to walk slowly which is annoying why I cant use analogue stick? For people who are not used to platforming games, like myself this will take some time to get used to.Still i had fun with this game and I can recommend it"
,Recommended,323220,25844237,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,dude711,Vagante is a good game but hard to play alone i say it best to party up an play the game that way. I'm been playing for 3 to 4 days now an still haven't pasted LVL 4 yet it's hard but fun to play alone as well.
,Recommended,323220,26425314,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bert,"Awesome game! Me and my friend managed to kill everything including the last boss, and we started the ""new game +1"". It would be awesome if you could fill something after the big last boss, as it feels like we won the game after finishing him. Would recommend this game strongly!"
,Recommended,323220,26363633,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Lawrence,"I can tell this is going to be a really fun game, but as many people will probably agree that there are a few mechanics that need to be cleaned up, as they actively harm gameplay.But despite this, I'm already having fun and predict many hours of fun times.Here's a few examples of some annoying experiences...Swimming: In order to jump out of a pool of water you must hold up, so if you want to jump out of a pool of water to the left or right, you have to jump out of the water first, then hold left or right. Otherwise you just... float there.Climbing ledges: If you hold up+left while intending to jump in that direction from a ledge, nothing will happen. You must either hold up OR left. If you want to drop from a ledge, you must hold down. Holding either left or right will not allow you to drop.Boulders: You cannot grab on to the edge of a boulder. This means that if you push a boulder on top of a row of spikes, dont try to lower yourself down from the boulder onto the spikes. You will die."
,Recommended,323220,26075793,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[₪] Canadian Jesus,"Tl;Dr = Great game, need to build the community.This game is incredibly fun. The controls are tight and genuinely a joy to play with. It is difficult and requires you to really play smart, which I don't believe to be a criticism. It's still early access so there's a few balance issues I've noticed having completed the game, namely some OP skills if you build your character right. The only other issue is that there's a VERY small community online for this game. Co-op is where Vagante really shines but it's often very difficult or impossible to find a game to join. Hopefully as developement continues and the game gains some popularity this will change. Honestly one of the best games I've foun thus far on steam. Minor issues aside it's truly one solid gaming experience. Worth the price tag even at full price."
76561197985273886,Recommended,323220,26282288,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,King,"It's surely not for everyone and the online needs work, but what I've played is some real deal fun. It can be a bit harsh, and success use usually dependant on if you got good enough gear, but that never really bothered me."
,Recommended,323220,14766260,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,the most like a real roguelike of all the other ones with traditional conventions in the form of an action platformer
,Recommended,323220,26743830,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,cheeseandcereal,"Amazing WIP game with great multiplayer!So, the idea of a rogue-like game with multiplayer greatly intrigued me, and I definitely don't regret buying the game. As with many rogue-like games, the difficulty curve at the beginning can be a bit excruciating. You'll be dying a LOT in the first few levels at the beginning. (And in a rogue-like, a death means game over, go back and start from the beginning). With that said, after playing with friends for a bit under 5 hours, I feel that you really start to get a hang for the game.At the beginning, the worlds seem endless and mystical, with sooo many items to collect. The basic premise is that levels are grouped in 3 or 4, where those 3 or 4 consecutive levels will be one ""area"" with a certain theme/enemies, etc. And as you progress you find more areas.Well, after a decent amount of areas, the whole thing loops again, and you basically replay through every area again, but with much harder enemies the second time around. This is fun and can still provide some challenge, however, once you go through these areas a second time, you just get put into an infinite loop of only staying in one ""area"" at the end.At this point, I have played a bit over 10 hours, and I feel that with 2 friends, we can get to the final ""area"" about half of the time, and once you get there, you just keep looping through the same levels with more and more enemies until it's downright impossible.There is definitely some balancing that needs to occur, as now that I've played with some friends for a bit over 10 hours, we just continue playing the game until so many enemies start spawning that the server lags and the game becomes quite literally unplayable. However, at the same time, note that we've gotten all of the best gear at this point, and there really isn't much left to do. The only way to beat the levels at that point was basically to use some cheap abilities to just run to the exit unharmed and/or undetected and leave, and repeat. We did this for about 25 levels in the last ""area"" before we basically quit because the game was so laggy it was unplayable.With all this said, it is an extremely fun game to learn, and it's still a work in progress so more will be added over time. As of right now, playing with a few friends, I don't know if you'd ever get much more than 30 or 40 hours out of the game at absolute max, but still WELL worth the purchase, and an absolute blast to play with friends."
,Recommended,323220,26937173,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nicholas,There are a lot of rogue-likes out there and few of them are able to capture the fun of the genre while still being original. This game is a lot of fun and keeps the replayability that keeps its genre alive.
,Recommended,323220,26777695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fraylty,"This game deserves so much more attention.It's a rogue-like with rpg aspects (such as pieces of equipment, stats etc...)The pixel art really is good lookingThe game got the atmostphere rightDifferent classes are a great addition to the game (different run w/ different characters)Multiplayer is a blast, and the multiple classes make the game feel even deeper with roles you can play (classes that are tanky, stealthy ones etc...)The game is great, get it, make it popular !"
,Recommended,323220,26726673,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Webslinger,Use a controller or this game will be horrible
,Recommended,323220,26742027,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,nooGani,"Absolutely love this game. So much jam-packed into this. One of the most polished and genuinely fun early access games I've played. D&D mixed with Rogue Legacy mixed with Risk of Rain. Learning the game fully takes a lot of time and the beginning will be brutal, but it is such a satisfying game to play. I believe the developers still have a trial from an earlier build available for testing. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,323220,26871245,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crazy,"One of the better platformers I've played.  I really enjoy Vagante for good reason, despite being an early access indie game.It does what it does very well, and while it isn't the best in it's genre, it's the best one in recent years and really shows what a little love and care can do for both early access and indie games.  The local co-op, or couch co-op as some call it, is tight, works well, and is a blast if you have someone to sit down with you and grab a couple controller.  I've never tried the online multiplayer, but it's there, and I'm sure it only makes the game more fun.The game has manual melee attack aiming, not unlike Dark Souls III in some senses.  You can jump, attack mid air, or prep an attack mid air, and hit something as you land.  Making it quite interesting to fight certain enemies if you find a way to utilize this.The enemy and boss designs are all well done and challenge you in different ways, with the end game boss allowing you to cycle through for an NG+ and beyond run.  Where enemies scale and you keep trying to clear the game at harder and harder difficulties.All in all, I very much enjoyed Vagente, and I highly recommend it for people who enjoy platformers with RPG-mechanics and lots of different playstyles."
,Recommended,323220,26906557,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zafareon,"Quite the enjoyable game, even better with friends."
,Recommended,323220,26684820,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CDB Soul,You'll enjoy it if you like RPGs and rogue likes
76561198009291406,Recommended,323220,26759276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pdlazuran,"I was looking for something spiltscreen/co-op to play with my brother and Vagante has not disappointed. It has a retro gaming feel that I really like. Core RPG elements are there in leveling skills and a variety of loot with cool effects. All the character feel unique and play differently. Controls feel good (xbox conroller). Difficulty is high but that just adds to the replayability for us. Almost 30 hours played and we're to the point where we get to the catacombs (3rd area) consistantly. To put it simply, this is the best game I've bought in quite a long time. It's well worth the $15 price tag."
,Recommended,323220,26978186,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,guste34,"The Best Indie game Rogue-Like i had the pleasure to play.This game has very beautiful art style,a solid gameplay and good rpg element. Love that Game"
,Recommended,323220,26845231,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,♣ T a c k y A f,"the best rogue-like platformer ever made(well, technically it's still in development, but it's already amazing)"
76561198131174986,Recommended,323220,26850187,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lskzhchv,A great game to kill time
,Recommended,323220,26157110,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,The Mad Poet,"Vagante is that one student who always paid attention in class. It learned from nethack and rogue and became a modern, beautiful incarnarnation of what you want in a hardcore rogue-like game, carrying on their legacy. The game is very well made, from the chilling music to the strategic encounters against enemies and bosses. Loot and dungeons are randomly generated but the game does not rely on RNG to make it fun. Overall, it is a great early access rouge-like with caring and attentive developers, a strong, small comunity, and very good roots. Highly reccomend, 10/10 would die by moss again."
76561198170424594,Recommended,323220,26149602,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Good Shiterino,"Vagante is the only game I have bought early access because I thought it would be worth the money even in it's current state. Boy was I right, and a couple updates later the game continues to impress me.I will say that breaking away from the standard incremental upgrading grindy games I was accustomed to, to a challenging (VERY HARD) permadeath game, was difficult and the first few runs were discouraging. I was a compulsive quicksaver in skyrim and losing that control over progression was a tough transition. However once I was comforfotable with not getting too atached to my progress not only was I really able to enjoy Vagante to its fullest, I started enjoying the rest of my librbary more as well.Pros:-entertaining and hilarious LOCAL CO-OP (other devs take note)-distinct classes and upgrade paths that depend on loot, every playthrough is different-always been a fan of pixel art, the devs definately deliver here-everything has the perfect weight to it, movement is very funCons:-VERY difficult (could be a pro)-limited tutorial (again could be a pro if you like experimenting)I would definately reccomend this game to anyone looking for a challenge or a fun game to play with friends."
76561198090875485,Recommended,323220,27509974,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,THOT PATROL,"Great rogue like game,  nice combat and the coop mode is pretty cool. Also the constant updates keep the game always fresh and interesting. It's really worth a shot even though it's still early acces"
,Recommended,323220,27488768,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,"Ive played this wonderfully difficult game for some time now, and by no means am I even decent at it yet. I find it extremely fun to play alone and with friends, and find it very rewarding when I unlock secret backrounds and the new class! Great game 10/10 Would completely recommend!"
,Recommended,323220,30944150,Posted: 4 April,all,sonshine,"This game is everything I wanted from a Rogue-like Metroidvania. Been playing this since the first release and I've been very satisfied with the progress Nuke Nine has put into their game. This is still in early access so there will be bugs, gripes, and inconveniences along the way (haven't run into game breaking bugs - just save bugs and the sort). The multiplayer mode has made major leaps and bounds compared to when it was first playable. Though this game shines in single player mode more so because of the difficulty of facing the world alone. I would say that once you put in a few hours of play, you will understand the game mechanics very well. I'm hoping the game continues to be improved and become more difficult along the way."
76561198116845031,Recommended,323220,22133932,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,LonePotato,Very hard but fun. i say getting it is a must.
76561198082580648,Recommended,323220,22277462,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mintyfreshsmell,"Vagante is a challenging Rogue-like game with a dependable development team. It you enjoy a platformer dungeon crawler experience then this game is for you. Vagante offers a delightful art style and very unique classes to play. Sadly, if you are looking for a deep story this game doesn’t have one. The biggest issue I have is the lack of multiplayer, but that’s in the works! YAY!TLDR: 15 bucks is a solid price to pick this game up at. The developers are constantly updating the game with new content, features, and classes in the future."
,Recommended,323220,22508541,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ducktape817,its Pixel Dungeons more attractive cousin
76561198070062924,Recommended,323220,22501483,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ghuds,Just got it and if i didnt have to work I would have burned through easily 20 hours of this before sleeping game is amazing and my rogue class is boss love that we have to find arrows love that the monsters swarm you toss you wreck your face whatever its all great not even gonna punctuate anything cause i died and need to catch back up to where i was 12/10 perma don't bug me
76561198046721148,Recommended,323220,22216320,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Chill Out!,"Simple on the outside, deceivingly complex as you progress.Very solid foundation to what feels like an already finished game.Easily the most fun I've had with a perma-death style RPG. I look forward to future content, but even without it I've got my $/hr value already. More games should have the same attention to detail."
,Recommended,323220,31333547,Posted: 23 April,all,Kalthramis,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.It is extremely crisp, polished, and fun. Reeks of personal love project. Local play too, how many games have that? Each update is kickass to boot. Highly recommend."
76561198145733752,Recommended,323220,30302765,Posted: 3 March,all,Deiti Casey,This game is a really fun and challenging game. I can see myself playing this game a lot with friends.
,Recommended,323220,31226769,Posted: 18 April,all,Oak,"Very brutal game, took me a while to get used to it before i could pass the first level, but what i have always looked for in a game"
,Recommended,323220,31674774,Posted: 10 May,all,Antagonist,"2d side scrolling Dark Souls roguelike.Where do I start with this game? It's remarkable. There are so many good things about it, that it would be easier to just tell you what's wrong with it and end the review here by saying ""Nothing"". Unfortunately that wouldn't be a very useful review so I'll tell you what to expect from this game, since sadly, reviews have turned into people telling their personal story instead of what the game is like, what makes it good/bad, and why you should or should not get it.GraphicsThe game utilizes the classic retro sprite graphic look, and as someone who grew up on NES, this is something I can never get sick of. To be honest, given the games engine, the way the words are designed in addition to the enemies, etc, I think the game would actually look kind of bad if it tried to go for realistic graphics.GameplayThis game plays like Castlevania had a baby with Dark Souls, and Castlevania had the recessive gene. You're going to walk side to side, and jump up and down platforms in order to get to the next level, where you're treated to a measly 4 hp out of around 80. There are 3 classes (People say 4? Maybe I haven't unlocked the 4th, so I can't speak to it) The Knight, The Rogue, and the Mage. The knight seems to have higher HP and higher defense, but has a slower swing of the sword. The rogue has a fast dagger stab, and can use a bow. The mage has the least amount of HP, and has a very weak melee attack, or as far as I can tell, an infinite amount of uses on their casting.For me, the rogue class seems the best, although the mage can be fun too. I find the knight to be very boring.What do you do?A horse and carriage walks up, and you select your class, and he jumps out of the carriage. You go inside the dungeon and you explore it searching either for the next door out, treasure chests, bosses (there seems to be 2 bosses on each level, and are optional, but do carry the keys to treasure chests), and then you move on to the next level. The combat is very good and responsive (I read a review saying the opposite and I wonder if perhaps it was an old review, because I found the game to be perfect in terms of responsiveness.The game is also extremely challenging, and it doesn't hand you anything. As far as I can tell, the only thing that gives you any health, is the 4 HP you get by sitting at the fire in between levels, so be very careful and plan every attack to the T. It's because of this, that this game reminds me of Dark Souls.Overall, this game is wonderful, and I think you would be foolish not to buy it if you're a fan of roguelikes. The only thing that does bug me about the game is the fact that I have no idea how the title is pronounced. Vuh gone tay?"
76561198075945547,Recommended,323220,31713910,Posted: 12 May,all,Deba,A difficult randomly generated platformer (different each time you play it) that proves to have excellent replay value. The game has an online mode and each patch the game gets better and better--still in beta right now.
,Recommended,323220,31750318,Posted: 14 May,all,Dima richman,One of the best Rogue-lite games i have played it comes close to things like Rogue Legacy or even TBoI!Why you should buy it:*Its very hard and unforgiving but once you get the hang of it every run gets pretty smooth*The replay Value is really high (even though it is no comparison for TBoI) and is pretty much determent of how much you enjoy out of trying diffrent strategies and characters (which there are 4 unique ones in this early access)*Its still early access and is getting consistent patches which sometimes even include whole areas*Online Coop*Memorable Soundtrack*RPG elements*Ragequits includedOverall i will give this game an almost perfect 4/7Buy it if you got some Balls ♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!
76561198061522023,Recommended,323220,31875360,Posted: 20 May,all,ruanswart,"Very good game, I feel like that the only downside is the graphics. Sometimes very hard to see things, very pixelated. Apart from that, I love all the elements and variety of the game."
,Recommended,323220,31800691,Posted: 17 May,all,bababoon,"I probably should have reviewed this game a long time ago, as I have not played it in a while.Anyways... This game was one of my favorites, whether i'm going in solo or with friends, it was always really fun.The amazing thing about it is that it felt like a complete game back when I first got it, but it's still early access and being updated frequently. Gotta give credit for that dedication especially when many games seem to never deliver.Definitley excited to get back into this game again. At 15 bucks I'd say it's well worth the money. I have 27.9 hours on record at the time of this review, so i certainly got my moneys worth (not to mention the hours off record). Fantastic game, definitley recommend."
76561198338169730,Recommended,323220,31948137,Posted: 25 May,all,HitmanBarnes,"This game has diffrent classses, Rouge , mage,  knight and wildling. thay all have diffrent classes and  things you can level and all have a diffrent feel. this game is awsome....challanging (im still to make it to the end) but it is great fun and very addictive. If you enjouy rouge-likes then you should buy this for self. ENJOY."
76561197986272123,Recommended,323220,32166288,Posted: 3 June,all,FriendlyTalents,"Great pixel art graphics really neat rpg old school side scrolling action. I enjoy how hard it is at the moment, (i'm a sucker for a challenge)."
,Recommended,323220,28226301,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Draken,"Vagante can play a bit rough, but that's standard for a Roguelike. And moreover, it's pretty darn fair, with the cause of my stupid deaths being quite apparent. ""Oh. Right. Don't trigger boulders to fall on my head,"" or ""maybe I shouldn't drop into large gaps which I cannot see the bottom of.""There are several worlds in the game, each of which requires the completion of several floors before the player can progress to the next one. Skill will be your only saviour since healing ain't cheap, and usually comes at the cost of other opprotunities, such as spells or stats.There are a number of classes with different styles. I definitely favor some over others, but all of them feel like they could take me far if I was just competent enough to evade death a bit longer.Oh, and it's in development, so if there's some major issue, it'll likely be resolved in due time."
,Recommended,323220,30930493,Posted: 3 April,all,Ctrl + 8 + Delete,"Pretty hard to control with a controller. Pictures did give a promising first impression but the default buttons are so bizzare. You're using the PS button. The button to turn on the PlayStation. You're using THAT. That button. That's the worst. Thankfully you can use a different button instead of that PS button, but I couldn't even get past the tutorial. I'm not even kidding. I binded my controls as much as I could to fix it, but I couldn't 'descend'. The buttons are very, very confusing. Not what I would normally expect. I just can't play without a controller. But they make it impossible with one.BUUUUT...IF I could assign the controls, I would actually say it would be really fun! If it wasn't so confusing, odd button choices weren't made, then... I would for sure enjoy it.The introduction(?) to it, with a beautiful forest... Yeah, it's lovely. It really is. It hyped me for the game ahead. So... the graphics made it pretty good!... uhh... yeahhh. I feel like people are gonna hate on me for these weird controls but they felt weird to me. So! I'd recommend to anybody who can get used to the controls..."
76561198060542121,Recommended,323220,27451700,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mukis2k,Nice 2D game to play Local Co-op with girlfriend
,Recommended,323220,28757731,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dider103,"So I purchased this game after watching a video about it. This game is my first game on steam. I will recommand this game because it can bring you 10s hours of fun. However, I'm barely playing this game now, because this game is a little bit boring for a person who played it for 10s hours. I the developer can add more classes or skills to this game, for example, there are many weapons that don't have skills or classes to use them in best ways."
76561198051758388,Recommended,323220,25083904,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BlitzStrike,Well worth the money
76561198061107826,Recommended,323220,16423443,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The Motherfucking Emperor,"Swung a wand of chaos and my game closed. not because it crashed, but because the DICKvelopers are evil. this is truly the hardest rogue ever 11/10"
,Recommended,323220,29512620,Posted: 26 January,all,Pétain,"This is a great, simple, and fun game. It has a high learning curve, and although there is no in game physical progress, players are left with their improved skills for the next run. I improve every time i try this game and every run is unique. The controls are smooth and the mechanics work well. There is definately a strategy in every aspect of this game."
76561197961485370,Recommended,323220,29594211,Posted: 30 January,all,sKo,Good game !
,Recommended,323220,29712820,Posted: 5 February,all,A Tiny Box,"TIGHT CONTROLSCHALLENGING GAMEPLAYUNFORGIVING MECHANICSWONDERFUL VISUALSTOUGH DECISIONS AT EVERY TURNGREAT TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS WHO ARE SICK OF THE GAMES OF TODAY THAT REWARD SLOPPY PLAYINGIf you are looking for a challenge, then this game is for you. If you would rather explore with little risk, then I suggest you leave now. This game doesn't need any more bad reviews from people who play for 5 hours and get frustrated because they can't just happily prance around like in every other game out there made after 2002. The controls can seem a little weird at first, but stick with it and you'll get very comfortable with them. Just know that until then, you probably won't make it out of the first area unless you're carried."
,Recommended,323220,30073082,Posted: 20 February,all,HappyCatfish,"Fantastic game if you like rogue likes, a mix between Spelunky and Pixel Dungeon(phone game). If you liked either of those games you will love this! :)"
,Recommended,323220,27404150,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,V3NG4R,Hands down the best rouguelike i have ever played
,Recommended,323220,27309890,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Szarake,Relle gut
,Recommended,323220,31008505,Posted: 7 April,all,Kor Angar,"Great game, I start it up to play over and over again. Even though this should be Early Access it does not feel like one. People looking for a Darksouls-Spelunky should love it, as it has alot of depth and good replayability.... but in terms of coop, thanks to the nature of the game I doubt I will be able to play this with friends alot. TLDR is at the bottom.The game is unforgiving at times and thats something I can stomach, other people might not. Even in the best situation with great gear it is easy to screw up and loose your progress over a small misstep. It is realy easy to get frustrated over this because there are quite alot of things in a level that just kill you instantly, esp. in the first area.In theory you can prevent any death and Coop even features a system of bringing dead people back or staying in the game after death as a skeleton. Still it is something that makes this game seem quite unaccessible for someone who tries the game for the first time or simply lacks platforming precision or dislikes twitchy - sometimes overloaded - controlls.TLDR: The entry level of player skills required to really enjoy this game is quite high."
76561198046308200,Recommended,323220,29617808,Posted: 31 January,all,Soul Manure,Probably the best roguelike I've ever played.
76561198021842806,Recommended,323220,30028760,Posted: 19 February,all,shftyswtchblade2,"Not a terrible game... could use some balancing.  One-hit deaths are more frustrating than challenging.  Understand that it's a beta.  Characters could use just a tiny bit of buffing, especially when reaching 3 stage (catacombs).  Fun for a few hours, then super repetitive.  It's a ""get-gud"" game, which might turn a potentially huge fanbase off.  Recommend game with reservations."
76561198015951323,Recommended,323220,31251894,Posted: 20 April,all,Awesomeness3000360,"This games actually pretty fun. i like the mechanics it has in it and its not just some brainless rpg, you have to learn to be somewhat good at it. single players pretty fun cause you get to keep all the stuff but multiplayer is also fun cause you can actually work together as a team to beat each dungeon. can't wait for the final product seems good so far!"
,Recommended,323220,31333185,Posted: 23 April,all,Fargreze,"Great game, the multiplayer is where it's at.  Despite having only four character classes, the build variety is good; learning to use the items that the RNG gives you at each chest, and figuring out the tricks to beat each boss are both very satisfying processes.  Play careful and learn the game, but experiment: try bringing various objects to the exit; try out all of the shrines; try to get away with robbing the shop (hint: certain builds and equipment make this easy).  Learn not to take stupid risks and unnecessary damage, because it adds up.  Every class can be good.  Please note that even though the game is still in 'early access', it currently feels like a complete roguelike.The game is detailed.  There are interesting environmental interactions of involving pushable blocks, elemental attacks, spikes and other factors.  To end the review, here are just two examples (minor spoilers):1. As a Mage, I was running from an aggrivated shopkeeper.  I jumped over a pit of spikes, and worried he would clear it and keep chasing me, so I used the basic ice spell just before he could land on safe ground with me - he froze solid and fell straight onto the spikes.2. In multiplayer, I was playing as a Knight while my friend played a Rogue.  She was new to the game, and ran under the dragon boss as it used its downward slam attack.  They both fell into water, inside a semi-enclosed U-shape open at the top.  My friend was panicked, but quickly realised that the dragon couldn't breathe fire underwater.  The water drained a little with every attempted fireball.  As luck would have it, my friend had equipped a helm with the 'underwater breathing' enchantment on it: she easily mauled the dragon with a dagger, yelling ""YOU HAVE NO POWER HERE!""  Vagante has a lot of room for creative tactics like this, because the enchantment variety is so great."
76561198101186124,Recommended,323220,32258384,Posted: 7 June,all,a slimer from gostbust-a-nut,"This game is like a mix of two unheard of games. King Arthurs Gold, and Magicite.Would recomend, 9/10. Controls are a tad bit annoying untill configured"
,Recommended,323220,32373292,Posted: 12 June,all,Benis XDDD,"Fun and deep, see if you can get past the second level. I have a couple times... then partner up and let the hours burn away."
,Recommended,323220,32633019,Posted: 21 June,all,Je.Tirado88,"Great game so far, can't wait to see what else it will offer!"
76561198053951708,Recommended,323220,33466460,Posted: 11 July,all,riderbros14,Vagante is a pixel lovers and DnD nerds dream. dungeons are never the same and has a great replay value. Expect to die. A lot. Mostly to spikes and traps when you let your guard down. A must have pixel game for anyone who enjoys Classic Role Playing games and quality gaming.
,Recommended,323220,33902596,Posted: 30 July,all,Shirt,Good video game
76561198111746668,Recommended,323220,33908115,Posted: 30 July,all,Angus McBeef Gristleback VIII,"I really like this game. Its simple but very challenging. The character classes can vary a lot which is nice. It requires you to pace yourself, be decisive, and observant."
,Recommended,323220,34565810,Posted: 28 August,all,Oj hitler mussolini cancer minaj,Fantastic
76561198130457702,Recommended,323220,34716395,Posted: 3 September,all,Spin,"It's a game where first you finally master the caves, and then... you get sent to be eaten by giant carnivorous plants.It's a game where secondly you get a good weapon, and then... the boss attacks you and you accidentally anger the shop keeper and get bludgeoned by fire and money.It's a game where lastly, you somehow had fun, you don't know why because you die five minutes after you start for the first few weeks, but it's addicting to a point where you suddenly don't care."
,Recommended,323220,35205196,Posted: 25 September,all,Box McGillicutty,"Best frustrating yet fun game I've played in years. Runs smooth as butter and controls fairly well, albeit I'd suggest making your binds for the controls regardless of which kind of controller you use (Controller, Keyboard, Whatever) depending on what works for you. Overall, the game is great, but at some points there are what feel like forced speed-bumps in your progression. For example, no matter how much XP you earn per level, you will only get at most one point for your skills per level. Considering you have not only your base stats to worry about but also the class-specific skills, it can be a bit... Bothersome when you're trying to do more than one tree at a time. But regardless, it's damn good fun, and I'd recommend it over any other Roguelike of this type."
76561198039315954,Recommended,323220,35195611,Posted: 24 September,all,The Dumb Ox,"Fantastic game!Super difficult, but super fun.I think it will be out of EA soon, so hoping that we hear from the devs soon."
,Recommended,323220,35434249,Posted: 2 October,all,cdinprov,"started out just watching Pakratt play this, and kept telling myself will get it on sale, oh i will wait till its done. Finally gave in and bought the game and I love it. I just get so wrapped up in the game that it doesn't matter im terrible and keep dying in awesomely horrible ways.  From the sounds to the weapons to the enemies it is so well thought out and put together."
76561198066701648,Recommended,323220,35432817,Posted: 2 October,all,daltonsteffen43,Need light.
