user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,323380,17020798,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Biggles,"A few years ago, a little title came out called Antichamber. I played it to what I guess you'd consider 100% completion in a few afternoons over a long weekend, and said to myself, ""this eliminates all doubt, new genres of game still exist to be uncovered if developers bother to look.""The better part of a year later, a game called The Stanley Parable came out. I had very much the same thoughts about it.Somewhere in there, The Swapper released.The pattern here, I guess, if there is one, is that the most imaginitive stuff coming out lately seems to have been on the puzzle game front. I tend to think of those three titles as such - Antichamber is built around its own weird school of bizarro-logic, and The Stanley Parable contained enough endings and possibilities that I found myself drawing a flowchart. That's puzzle enough for me. The Swapper, possibly the most traditional puzzle game among the three, was still freaking weird, still engaged on some sort of intellectual level, and still was a great deal more captivating than most titles I played its year of release.Why would I bother to preface this review with a comparison to those three games? Well, I tend to think that The Magic Circle can happily co-exist alongside them. While a bit rougher around the edges than those titles, it shares the same ridiculous sense that it's out to tread a sort of new ground, and doesn't really care if the player wants to go along with it. People expecting a core puzzle game aren't likely to exactly get their fix here. This is a confident game, very much its own beast.That's okay by me. The Magic Circle isn't a terribly challenging puzzle game, but it's built around a rather novel idea - you're here, essentially, to further break an already-broken piece of software. Certain items in the world are entirely rewritable, their behaviors yours to define. This is the means by which you progress in the small-but-concise game world.The programmer in me is hooked on the concept from square one. Visual touches like bits of code flying around the screen as you interact with the game's editable objects (I confess getting a weird satisfaction from reading them and trying to suss out where they'd go in the game's engine), placeholder textures, and so on help to ground the idea that while the world around you essentially functions, you're effectively playing as code in a hapless machine.The world is packed with nooks and crannies where the in-game game's ""developers"" (read: antagonists) have left change logs, notes to each other, and audio recordings. For the most part, it's reasonably well-written, even. I didn't outright laugh at anything to be found here, but I smirked. And that's really the game's intended effect, I think. If you've followed any vaporware story, any failed Kickstarter project, in the past few years, The Magic Circle has a few choice words of cynical sympathy for you.Sadly, a couple of awkward dialogue choices, particularly in the early game, stand out for that reason. I cringed at a handful of one character's monologues. I appreciate that the game is trying to make a particular character come off as downright weird and unlikeable, but it doesn't change the effect - there were scenes of melodrama I had to force myself not to skip from sheer embarrassment. Intended by the developers or not, it's not exactly pleasant to sit through.There's another thing I wish to address, and that's that the game stands in a weird Twilight Zone. I encountered a lot of visual bugs, frequent missing textures, and a significant amount of pop-in in my five hours with the game. I am not sure if this was intentional (that's how effective this game is as a satirical work), but it did make exploration more difficult than it needed to be at times. Given the labyrinthine design of the overworld map, I found myself relying on visual landmarks for navigation, and it did get in the way when I'd have to wait for one to pop back in.I like to get the negative out of the way in reviews though so I can refocus in on what a game does well. A very effective final 20 minutes and ending, some frankly ingenious multi-solution (if perhaps a tad easy) puzzles, and a visual style that consistently surprises make this game the first real standout for those looking for a unique experience in 2015.--UPDATE (7/16)--I wasn't expecting this review to get so popular. I posted it, looked away, and to my surprise, it's sitting on the storefront. Because it's there, and I happen to be in control of it, I think a nice little thing to do might be for me to answer any user questions below, since other people who click on this might have them.mendel asked:Do you know Doublefine's Hack'n'Slash where you reprogram the game in order to progress? Is TMC more than HnS in 3D with a different backstory?I've not actually played HnS. I followed its development a bit, but Double Fine lost a bit of my personal confidence with the whole Kickstarter, failed project, Kickstarter, Early Access, conga line they started to, shall we say, dance in. So.. take the following answer with a grain of salt.TMC does not go as far as Hack'n'Slash in its ""hacking"". By no means do you interact directly with the code you're manipulating in the game. A better way to think about TMC's approach to hacking might be ""you can equip items on objects in the game world"".For instance, say I'm being attacked by a spooky ghost. I might, in TMC, replace his ability to fly with the limitation that he may only walk. That might be a way I can avoid him.Hack'n'Slash, by comparison, looks more geared towards actual programmers. (in fact, I'm a little tempted to go play with the demo if there is one)One thing I would point out, if you're unsure, is that TMC does have a gameplay demo that lets you see the first hour or so of gameplay. It's what sold me on a purchase.Hope that helps!"
,Recommended,323380,16985624,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Xxroblox_master73,Ubisoft should take note on how to make unfinished games properly.
,Recommended,323380,16985105,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,RyanMakesGames,"This game is one of the most interesting things I have ever seen.It does things with the genre that I haven't see done anywhere else.It's worth it for the uniqueness alone, but also the game is a pretty fun puzzle game.Seriously, this game is awesome. Buy it."
,Recommended,323380,17016144,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Vaughn Whiskey,"I was lucky enough to have 2 DEVs show up in my stream today to watch me play the game. They are the most down to earth people and are very humble. The game itself might be the best story and indie game I have played this year. The style of the game with the amazing voice acting really blew me away. The music added to the atmosphere and I couldn't put down the damn thing.It really is a great game and I feel everyone who comes across the demo to try it, it's worth it."
76561198006759984,Not Recommended,323380,16966102,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Olleus,"So I bought the game today and played it to completion. I'm really split as to whether I should recommend it or not.On the one hand, it does have a very nice story and I found it addictive (while it lasted), and reminds of Portal in that regard. The voice acting is brilliant and [SPOILER ALERT]the different levels of reality it throws at you[\SPOILER ALERT] is refreshing.However, it lacks puzzles or challenges. It lacks much of a world to explore. I simply don't expect to be able to finish a game in 4 hours, not when it costs £13/$20. There is the option to 'level up' in the game, but its simply unnecessary. You can do everything by just walking without thought and pressing buttons as they come up (I got 90% of the hidden messages this way).The game has lots of options for creative solutions, but these are not needed as there are basically no problems to be solved. Which I think is the dissapointing thing about this game.To summarise, the game feels like a short, odd sci-fi/fantasy book. The story keeps you going, and when you finally put it down you feel slightly uneasy about what's just happened. Unfortunately, I don't think that's quite enough for me to recommend it as a game."
,Recommended,323380,25102541,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Jetz,"The Magic Circle is a unique puzzle game about game development, in many different ways. First of all, it's set inside a game trapped in development hell for 20 years. It has a story centered around a few of the developers, an entity within the game known as the Old PRO, and the player. The developers are in a deadlock and can't set aside five minutes for some simple playtesting without making a major fundamental design change. The PRO is sick of it, so he makes contact with a playtester (the player), and mentors them in the art of messing with the world from the inside.In gameplay, this boils down to two main abilities: restoring deleted/dead things, and editing alive things. You have the power to freeze creatures in place, then mess with their abilities. You can swap between a few movement types, several methods of attack, a number of passive abilities, and its AI allegiances. The last one is pretty important, since the developers (in-universe ones) cut all combat.So for the most part, you have a mob of creatures running around with you to fight on your behalf. The actual fighting is mostly a footnote, though. The focus is on finding the right parts to outfit them so they can take on the variety of unique scenarios. Sometimes the solution is overwhelming numbers of melee attackers, but often you'll need to get creative.As for how it holds up in practice, there's a lot of fun to be had, but there are many more solutions than there are problems. The first time through I felt pretty clever about some of the tricks I used, but afterwards I had a look at the forums and realized that every situation that had me stuck for a bit had about half a dozen other solutions that either I never considered, or involved some creature hidden in a part of the map I only discovered after it would have helped. Maybe this criticism boils down to me wanting more, but on the flip-side it never got repetitive. My first playthrough lasted around 5 hours.On a technical level I haven't run into any notable issues. Your mileage may vary; check the demo if you're unsure. There were a few bugs that I encountered, but these were mitigated by one of two things: first, the context of a game about an unfinished game, which allows them to wave off things like jumping up to inaccessible areas or gaps in the terrain as deliberate. It sounds like cheating but they actually highlight it deliberately in a few cases, particularly the entire intro sequence, so the few issues that weren't intentional don't break immersion. Second, for anything that actually does cause problems with gameplay, the developers are extremely heavily involved on the forums. This game was released over a year ago, I posted a bug report two days ago, it got patched yesterday. You won't be left in the dark looking for support on this one.In terms of narrative, the dialog is a bit overdramatic at times, but the characters are generally likable, if a bit eccentric. They all have their own agendas, and at times this left me wondering whose I was supposed to be following, and if I was supposed to be saving this game, burning it to the ground, or just trying to sabotage the lives of the developers for giggles. Voice acting is excellent and the writing does pretty well at setting the scene of a stressed out game studio.In summary, solid game, would recommend to anyone who enjoys organic puzzle games with really flexible and creative solutions, likes the idea of a drama about the worst group project they've ever had in school except twenty times worse, or is interested in game development and especially if they recognized the concept that the title of the game is a reference to.Oh, full disclosure: I bought the game myself a few months back and decided I liked it then, but never got around to writing this. I replayed it recently, and as I mentioned above, I reported a bug and it got resolved very quickly. As a gesture of thanks for my detailed feedback and reproduction steps, they provided an extra copy of the game that I could share with a friend. It's worth pointing out that I wouldn't have replayed it or compiled the comprehensive bug report if I didn't already like the game, but it's still a potential incentive for bias that happened prior to writing the review, so I'm obligated to mention that detail."
,Recommended,323380,18062514,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Foehamner,"A strong candidte for my favorite game of 2015.At its core The Magic Circle is a first-person puzzle game with strong comedic elements.  The premise is that you are in an unfinished game and have limited abilities to edit the game as you travel through it.  The integration between the game mechanics and the story make this exceptionally engaging.  There are a bunch of fourth wall jokes and gameplay is fairly non-linear/open-world.  You can reach the end of the game fairly quickly (about 5 hours) but there are many side/easter egg things that encourage you to go back and discover afterwards (or before).  I highly recommend this to people who enjoyed Portal 2 (not that it's SUPER similar, but the blend of puzzle and comedy is somewhat reminicent).Your progress in the demo will carry over into the full game.  I've done an LP here but encourage you to play the game yourself before watching the end.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLL5JEFvVpx9rBFMQ-7YygNarrBXUBwY1A"
,Recommended,323380,32751365,Posted: 24 June,all,default,"Made a fire-blowing sentient key, a self-loathing dog without legs and a magic mushroom wizard with helicopter propellers.Good game everyone, good game."
,Recommended,323380,23596604,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ulithium_Dragon,"This is probably one of the best games I have played in *years*! I want to write a in-depth review, but I simply don't belive I can do that without spoiling it, so I'll just say a bit about the game in general:------------------------------------------The Magic Circle is a saterical story-driven explorative game about you (the player) play testing a game being developed by an egotisical game designer who is never happy with his work. You are inseted into his unfionished game, were a mysterious entity wants you to bring it all crashing down on his head. You play through the game rewriting the game from the inside, controlling it to your advantage as you hide your presense from the system.The story and personal conflicts are derlivered through both hiden collectables and story elements. As you progress, the story gets more and more surreal, as what defines the game you are playing is further called into question.It's a very open game, with no major hints or ""hand holding"" - you figure out how to proceed, and there are always multiple ways do so.------------------------------------------The game even has a *demo* (haven't seen a demo in YEARS!), so I STROYNGLY recommend this game to anyone, and you can try it for free and decide for yourself."
,Recommended,323380,17134397,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TheManko,"In The Magic Circle you’re a playtester of a game that’s been in development for 20 years, with no end in sight. The project director seems out of touch with the people he works with, as their conversations break down into drama and backstabbing, with no consensus on what the game should be. The project has become the most important thing in his life, but he can’t decide on what it’s supposed to be. Over the long development a part of the game seems to have gained sentience, and wants you the player to take over and finish the game yourself.You explore an unfinished world, full of half done or abandoned designs, reaching back to the early 90s. The older designs look like System Shock 1, while the new one is a fantasy adventure. You solve puzzles by capturing creatures and objects, and modifying their properties. Even though the game is broken, your method of interacting with it is quite nice! This game was made by Jordan Thomas, best known for making The Cradle in Thief 3, Fort Frolic in Bioshock, and then as Creative Designer on Bioshock 2. By now he knows how to make a game, and The Magic Circle feels like a game made by an expert. There’s no newbie design mistakes, and the game does all it can to make the experience as smooth as possible, without sacrificing complexity. There’s often several solutions to puzzles, so you’re unlikely to get stuck anywhere.To make a game as meta as this requires the developers be smarty pants. And so they were, invoking authenticity in all the dialog and notes you come across. The references in the game clearly come from Looking Glass, Irrational Games, Ion Storm, and Origin. The closest comparison to this would be The Stanley Parable and Portal 2, but it’s more ambitious than either of them. It only dawned on me after I’d finished it just how much this games does, and how well it succeeds in all it tries to do. If you like to read behind the scenes stuff about game development, The Magic Circle will be a treat."
,Recommended,323380,17037847,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Your Local Village Magician,"The Magic Circle... what do I say. It's clear the developers are trying to say something with it, but I'm not sure they themselves know what it's supposed to be saying.I'm quite sure I was supposed to have some revelation about video games like Spec Ops or The Stanley Parable. But while those games played all up and down the scales of meta, questioning and prodding the relationship between the player and the game, as soon as The Magic Circle grasped onto a point about anything, it slipped and fell off, eventually ending so far down the ""CAN YOU TELL THIS IS SATIRE YET?"" hole: in the second half of the game, you are required sabotage an entirely faked demo for ""E4"", the massive gaming convention (yes). It feels less like a story about video game development and more like pent-up retribution the team was directing at their former employers. It struck me as immature.The characters are all just awful people. Its few attempts at trying to cause sympathy are, well, I'm just going to say it, creepy. One of the characters announces that they're sterile. There's mentions of orgies in the woods at sex castle dungeons. It is extremely creepy and forced and trying way too hard for the Video Games Are Art award. Everybody is bitter and angry and hostile and sarcastic. There was no part where anybody smiled, or laughed, or seemed in any way pleased about anything.But I'm giving the game a thumbs up. Why? The parts and the narrative about the struggles about video game development rung true. The mechanics of undeleting and editing characters, to having lordes of pets, to the puzzle solving, were ultimately fun. Climbing to places I'm not ""supposed"" to go to find easter eggs feels rewarding. The game developers know that I'm going to explore every nook and cranny, and they make it worthwhile. There are stories and lore littered around which perhaps give a glimmer of insight, however surface, into the choices and problems that face video games.The game was at its best when it showed people genuinely trying to make a *good* video game, rather than simply get paid, or get out of a wretched contract, or get revenge on the designer (which, spoilers, are the three goals of the main characters at the end).The developers also knew that making a game about an unfinished prototype is a slippery slope -- it requires a certain kind of ""not polish"" that needs to seem intentional, rather than lazy. They pulled this off super well. The art style is ""placeholder textures"", but when you get near objects, they spring into color and life, showing that yes, they can draw things for real. Some feel like they're out of a freeware game -- unaligned pieces of Arial text and boring controls, but when you go ""behind the scenes"" and rewrite the game's mechanics, it feels like a really well-done hacker movie, with snippets of code zooming past you. This is a trick that's hard to pull off, and these guys did it.It's also worth mentioning that although first-person, you never hold any gun. It's about puzzles, interaction, and exploration, which is always refreshing to see.So yes, is it a good game? No. Not by a long-shot. Is it worth your time, and do I recommend you play it? Yes. At least up until you kill the Sky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,323380,15818440,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,jake,"i don't even know how to describe what kind of game this is because i've never seen or played anything else like it..its like..portal..without portals..combined with the unfinished swan on drugs..?basically the story starts with you in a broken prototype version of a fantasy adventure game which you're meant to think is the actual game, but as the glitches go on, you hear developers commenting on what's happening in the background and changing the world around you as you play, and it gets really weird and cool and i don't want to spoil too much even though i haven't beaten it myself yet but basically it's a game inside a game about a game that's all a commentary on making games. It's weird and cool and hard and fun and JUST BUY IT OK. Also the music is really good.FEATURES:-Explore a stylized storyboard world (and some other stuff that's semi spoilers so shhh)-Capture and edit entities in the game (there's not combat, make the enemies work for you or just take their abilites)-Great story (so far)-Amazing soundtrack (The deluxe edition comes with it free, put it in your itunes or whatever)-One of the only early access games to run perfectly on day 1Overall i havent finished the game yet so i can't give an exact score or anything but i'd say it's worth the price for sure"
,Recommended,323380,16976103,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This here is a wild animal, friends.Reminds me of what happens when you take apart several musical instruments and reassemble them in various ways. You get beautiful crazy sounds. This is out of hand in an awesome way.This is the stuff that makes video games great. Makes you use your brain.Plus the music is awesome.Not sure how long it is - as far as if it is worth twenty bones - but it certainly thinks outside of the box. The voice acting is great too.Get the demo, at least."
,Recommended,323380,15816526,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ArthurPlays,"This is an Early Access review of The Magic Circle! Be warned that I do not like Early Access because of how many projects that never get finished!Welcome, one and all, the The Magic Circle. Welcome to a land where gametesters are gods and the designers are lazy.The Magic Circle is a very innovative and creative first person adventure game. You begin by starting the game with nothing in hand and the creators of the virtual world talking in the background. The game is a strange one. Imagine The Stanley Parable mixed with Portal; even though it's not like either of those games in the slightest. For some strange reason, the game reminded me of those two games in many ways.Your character has no name and you don't have any weapons, even though this is an RPG... an unfinished one (on purpose, it's part of the game's charm). The game has beautiful graphics from every era along with colorful characters and gameplay!Pros:+Beautiful graphics style+Original gameplay and story+Unique artstyle+Lots of 4th wall breaks+Original UI for upgrades and inventory+Amazing voice actingCons:+Graphical errors (such as me being able to look through walls/ floors in certain places)The game isn't a short one. If you're expecting a short and sweet Early Access indie, then you are mistaken. The game is very polished and has amazing voice acting. This hidden Steam gem should be known by everyone. I can't wait to see what the developers have in store for the full release!I'd give this game a 9/10. I will gladly add the single point back when the graphical mishaps are corrected.Amazing job guys, I'm impressed!"
76561197965628046,Not Recommended,323380,16970202,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Bozgore,"I have to say. While i did enjoy my experience for in this game. I was completely shocked that i beat it in the short amount of time that i did. If this game was 5 dollars then i wouldn't really be writing a review about it. sbuIt is very cool, it's a very neat idea i will give it that. I wanted to play this, i wanted to see what i could do. Then i found out there isn't much at all. This whole game could have been so much more. But you basically did what the game itself did. Released something that was sub par at best.If you wanna spend the money and have the income to do so, i say go for it. But for everyone else, just watch a lets play on youtube it won't take you very long."
,Recommended,323380,17896745,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,LittleGloomyOne,"This is an experince.  a darned good one at that.The graphics are pretty, the enemies (soon to be allies) varied and interesting, the puzzles clever,and the story is a brillant satire of the game industry and fandom."
,Recommended,323380,15819949,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,AtypicalChuck,"Hey all! I'm glad you made it this far because it means you are curious about The Magic Circle and that is the first step towards having a great experience.If you enjoyed the witty, narrative driven charm of the Stanley Parable then you should immediately buy The Magic Circle.  It oozes cleverness.Pros:-Instantly enjoyable-Funny and witty; everything from the dialogue to the menu screen was made to impress-Graphic are really fresh and well designed-Amazing ambient sounds and music-Interesting characters and themes-Some seriously exciting and well implemented game mechanics-Fun, fun, funCons:-Didn't come out earlier so I could play it sooner-May come off as pretentious to some-Missed a little dialogue due to hasty key pressesI cannot say enough good stuff about this game. If your curious already that should be enough!Disclaimer: I wasn't compensated for my review either via a free game key or any other payment.  My opinions are my own."
,Recommended,323380,17002132,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,JayBlanc,"A short game, that has more to it than you'd think. A very interesting parable, that's actually a game too."
,Recommended,323380,17062119,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Pudge,"They all start with a message. Those games with a deep meaning and a stated purpose, using a virtual world as their canvas. Titles like The Walking Dead or Braid, they want you to feel something first and foremost, at the expense of everything else. The Magic Circle also has a meaning to impart on the player, but I’m not sure if it came first. It’s a game that innovates with both its mechanics and storytelling, bringing the players in and having a nasty conversation with them. It’s a game about the people who play games and the people who design them, which understandably isn’t everyone’s cup of tea. Give it a chance though, and its broken world will enchant you in a way that few others will. As meaningful as the message is, the interactivity is placed first and foremost, and that’s why The Magic Circle is a great game and a great experience.Want to know more? My full review is available over at TechRaptor!http://techraptor.net/content/magic-circle-review-known-shippable"
,Not Recommended,323380,18208752,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Jon Pinkerton,"This game felt so promising. As I was just getting the hang of the gameplay, and starting to enjoy what I could do with it, it was all over. The end sequence of the game is an abrupt finish that felt very anti climactic.I loved the concept of the game and I honsestly suggest only buying this game in a sale or if it gets some new content. I is not worth 20$ for the 4~ hours of gameplay it offers. If they lengthened the story into another ""episode"" I would think it was worth the money as long as it isn't offered as paid DLC.In short, this game had so much potential but didn't allow me to explore what I could do with what it offered."
,Recommended,323380,16961036,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,DeliciouslyChirpy,"Wow, It goes from a low budget game to whatever you make of it. Levels have amazing depth and story; And unexpected twists. Worth the money, High replay value!"
,Recommended,323380,15821513,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Undead Taco,"The Magic Circle is a great game with a system that allows you to manipulate objects and characters in the world to behave the way you want them to.  Exploration is very rewarding in this game.  There are plenty of references, and the game starts off instantly fun, with easy to learn controls.  The narrative and game mechanics work very well with the art style, and the game is able to take itself serious while still adding plenty of humor at the same time.  In my opinion as a fan of sci-fi and fantasy open world rpgs, MMORPGs, and a student character modeler this is easily one of the best games of 2015."
,Recommended,323380,16963617,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Scrotox the Mighty,"I played barely any of the demo and I quit to buy it. This game is great. The level design reminds me a lot of Dark Souls. The concept is amazing though. You bring the dying game to life. You can reprogram anything. You want that rock to follow you and be your pet, do it. Just steal the abilities off another creature. There is some good light platforming, back tracking Metroidvania style, and a lot of side things to discover. Just finished it up in about 6 hours. I was shocked when I reached the second part of the game. Like an added bonus to an already good game. Well worth $2.80 per hour. You'd spend at least twice that at the theater. Plus the voice acting and writing is great too. I give it 10 Rusty Ventures out of 10."
,Recommended,323380,20262913,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bluej100,"I loved this game. It has a witty, self-aware story and fun gameplay to boot. The ending is really neat narratively and technically."
,Recommended,323380,16018752,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"A short, bizarre, meta-as-hell game about games. The Magic Circle is an RPG. It's an adventure. It's a puzzle game. It's a sim. It's not any of these things because you're stuck in an unfinished game while developers backbite and undermine each other in the name of creative vision, economic necessity, and personal ambition. Great voice work from James Urbaniak and Ashly Burch and lots veiled shots at Richard Garriott, Peter Molyneux, and others."
76561198035182410,Recommended,323380,31012635,Posted: 8 April,all,Metzelmax,"Got attacked by a Howler. Reprogrammed the Howler to hate Howlers and be a pickable item. Threw the Howler at another Howler which he instantly attacked and killed. I am still laughing.This might be the best ""game"" ever made."
76561198025145500,Recommended,323380,20245515,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,lecaffeineaddict,"AMAZING GAME, very creative, breaks all the boundaries! You bite into the game and you find more game!"
,Recommended,323380,31031322,Posted: 8 April,all,TheDContinuum,"This game sat on my wishlist for a year or so after I first played the demo, and after finally getting to play it, I am very satisfied. The Magic Circle might not be very long (I have about 4 hours of playtime on record to finish), or mind-blowing in any way, but it is, in fact, incredibly unique. The mechanics are interesting, the story was good, and there was even some puzzles in there that I didn't really expect.Pros:+ The story. This is a game about game devs working on a twenty-year long video game project with an ""auteur"" who won't allow his ""vision"" to get tampered with by his former pro-gamer coworker and their spunky intern. You are a playtester who starts mucking around in the code and...+ The mechanics: ...bringing back formerly ""deleted"" enemies and scenery and stealing attributes like fire attacks, and adding yourself to its list of allies. I made a mushroom hop around and a key breathe fire. By the end, I had a horde of allies following me around and fighting my battles.+ Meta-humor. Tons of references about game development hell, with things like a DOOM-esque sci-fi area that you can explore (complete with pixely goodness) from an abandoned version of the game, game devs arguing about how the player can beat the final battle without a sword, storyboards and sketches, notes from the devs about unfinished levels, etc.+ Puzzles. There was definitely more of a puzzle aspect than I suspected after playing the demo! Pleasant surprise!+ Secrets to find. Hidden bits of story, upgrades for your minions.Neutral:~ There are basically two sections to the game: 1) A big open, interconnected world with lots of different areas and unlockable upgrades, story points, enemies to edit or fight. This was the main game and it was incredibly fun, but then... 2) There's a ""level designer"" bit, where you have to design a level with a good difficulty level and interest curve for another character to play through in order to finish the story. This was not quite as fun for me because it felt tedious, and a definite shift in the game's mechanics. You could still edit enemies, but there wasn't any skill to it. Basically, you set up the level, have the character playtest it, then debug it so it doesn't kill or bore him.Cons:- Length. I could have done with a little longer gameplay, more areas to explore and more baddies. Overall, I was pretty satisfied with my play experience, but for some people (especially at full price), it might feel too short.Overall: Very fun and unique, interesting mechanics. 9/10."
,Recommended,323380,18085776,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Taze,"This is an amazing game, play it start to finish without spoilers for greatest effect."
76561198045706509,Not Recommended,323380,31713861,Posted: 12 May,all,Special Touch,"A clever concept that fell short of its potential. You play as a play tester for an unfinished game. Throughout your gameplay you meet characters that personify the philosophies and constituencies of game culture.PROS:* Interesting concept* Quirky characters and story* Puzzles could be solved in multiple waysCONS:* Gameplay was dull. Although puzzles could be solved in multiple ways, many could be solved using the same strategy. It never really felt challenging or exciting.* Snarky character dialogue was funny at first, but by the end it was just tiring. Everyone felt wronged and was constantly finger-pointing at the other characters. In the end, I didn't really care what happened to any of them, which was just as well because* The narrative was very linear. The story seemed at all times to expect the player to pick a side, but in the end it didn't matter because all you could do was side with the characters in the way that was predetermined.OTHER CONSIDERATIONS:* Short with no replayability"
,Recommended,323380,15889140,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Mismembered,"This game is fantastic. It's unlike anything you have ever played and it is deeply emergent and wonderfully humorous. It has top notch voice acting; compelling mechanics and is made by some of the guys who worked on stuff like the Bioshock Games and Dishonored.Approach problems your own way. There is really no ""wrong way"" to solve a puzzle.There is no ""cheap"" solution. Every path you take and solution you find is a viable as any other.I'm biased as hell. But buy this game. Its something special."
,Recommended,323380,17137123,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,baja gaijin,"Exploration-satire with excellent voice acting, a silly plot, and a lot of creative art decisions. It's a tight, focused game that keeps shifting your goals to keep you from ever having to repeat yourself until it ends, and now that it's out of Early Access, I can safely say the finished product is a wonderful experience. Buy this if you want to see the industry as a whole mocked lovingly."
,Recommended,323380,15838205,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Warhorse,Made a rock that had teeth and was able to fly.
76561198001682872,Not Recommended,323380,17084872,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Sparky1x,"I bought this because of the description in the game store.  Its described as a puzzler where you swap/change abilities in order to solve the puzzles.  The issue is there are only about 3 puzzles, and each was solved in under 2 mins.  As soon as you get flight and a railgun bolt them on to a monster and go for the ending.  The demo sabotage and editor sections afterwards not only feel disjointed but they feel like padding that was tacked on to make the game feel longer.  I finished this in 3 hours and have no desire to play it again.  If I had finished in under 2 hours I would be applying for a refund as I dont feel like I got $20 value out of this.The tools this game provides are fantastic, there is potentional here for a great game if the devs actually put some thought into level design.  Ironicly this game suffers from 'too grand a view' and devs who feel the need to stamp their unique identity on it... the same things the 'in game dev' is mocked for."
,Recommended,323380,31086086,Posted: 11 April,all,Cool Dwight,"Its a good game, I love the humor in it. The gameplay is fun as well. But I don't really feel its worth the $20 they are asking for. I beat the game in 2 hours. So if you are looking for a fun little adventure I would reccomend this, but I would wait untill it is on sale and buy it then, like I did"
76561198048064118,Recommended,323380,17019142,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Iyikeflatwaffles,"I bought this game only after seeing 20 minites of gameplay from someone on youtube and have not regretted it since.  The story was fantastic and thought provoking and the puzzles were very, very non-traditional and it really gives you a big aha moment every time you figure out a new mechanic or trick.  The best part is, you feel like you came up with your own solution and not the one everyone else will come up with.  There are multiple ways of traversing the game and it becoems very non linear later on.  There is no way to describe the uniqueness of this game in text, it is a must play if you want something fresh.Pros-Fantastic puzzle design-Very unique mechanics-Non linear story progression and level fluidity-Tons of hidden patchs and story-Stuff to do after the main story is done, and it is really interesting stuff! (No spoilers)-Deep character development if secret story is found, which isnt that hard most the timeCons-Main story will take 3-5 hours-The end section may be really confusing or frustrtating to some if you have trouble thinking outisde the boxThis game is not for people who want a cool story you can fly through without thought.  The story is very cool but requires a lot of thought to get it all, not really to understand but to acquire it through special means (No Spoilers!)  This game is for those who love to think abstractly or love crazy and unique game mechanics, all wrapped up with a great story!"
76561198113954271,Recommended,323380,24875699,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cino Redrey,A game about making games. I really enjoyed my time with this game and it has a few interesting ideas behind it. It is quite short though and a lot of its individual parts could have been more fleshed out. At the end of the day this game is a short enjoyable experience and it's a shame more people don't know about it.
76561198097303252,Recommended,323380,31364068,Posted: 25 April,all,mechanikilla,"in my experience the hero lacked speed, so i ended up flying around on a max speed creature, by the time i'd defeated the first ""boss"" i had an army of flying mushrooms with railguns, hoping id be able to make use of my creatures, but alas the creature segment was cut short, and there was no more reason to have pets :(a highly immersive experience though, ive enjoyed all the time i spent, but then again there wasnt much to spend time on (its short), the skeletal structure is there, but the meat (content), is lacking, and for such a good experience it needs to be expanded upon because this is a game with so much potential, unlike its couterparts, i would definatly reccomend this to any gamer, as this is the sort of game we are in dire need ofin all, my only issues are length (lack of), content (lack of) and npc (human) aii only wish there couldve been more to do with what was available"
,Recommended,323380,21392944,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Aquarion,"The Magic Circle is the the closest thing to an advancement of whatever genre Portal is since… well, since Portal. It’s not Portal, though. It’s kind of an RPG in the same way that Portal is a First Person Shooter. The trappings of its mechanics are within the recognised mechanics from a million first-person RPG games, but that’s wrapped inside a well-devised universe with well-written characters, and the actual gameplay is spun out at 90 degrees from that. If I had to add another game’s influence to cite, The Stanley Parable is where I’d go next.And I can’t say a lot more than that about it. The game is a metafiction, as you can see from the mostly-in-universe website. In-universe, The Magic Circle is the long awaited, long delayed sequel to a massively beloved twenty-year-old text-based adventure game (Real-world touchstones: Ultima, Bards Quest, Fool’s Errand). The author of that game is a classic games-autor white-bearded-male, who has taken on the avatar of the great God within the game – the Skyfather – but whose twenty-year promises of future games are starting to ring hollow. Veteran gamers will instantly recognise the heavy flavours of Richard Garriott in the character’s history, along with strong notes of Peter Molyneux and even to people like Cliff Johnson, and here you start, as a player given early access to this massively long awaited sequel to a hugely popular game. Except there are some assets which look… strange in context. Something isn’t quite right. The trailer hints at this fairly well.The game plays a lot with concepts of game space, of being inside which game. It has a lot to say about narrative vs mechanics (coming from former Bioshock developers, there’s an air of critical catharsis which I would suspect more of being dirty laundry if they hadn’t got Ken Levine to voice a character), game development, fandom, actually getting things done and the sorrow of half finished universes.It took me about 6 hours of playtime to get through it, and while that’s quite short, it’s fully formed and… complete, really. There’s a lot there, and a late twist that spins a lot of the game on its head.It’s in early access at the moment, but as I say the game is complete. Early Access is an early release before they’ve got the translations down, which will take a while to finish and collate – there’s a lot of there there – and as far as I could tell all the glitches were intentional (it is, in part, a game about inserting your gameplay crowbar into the cracks of the world).You should play this game. I hope they release a demo too, but don’t watch Lets Plays, don’t watch it streaming.… And that’s it, really. There’s some deeper stuff about the mechanics, about juxtapositioning, about commentary that I’ll get into eventually, but so much of what’s cool is tied heavily narrative-based modification of the mechanics, and I like the story too much to spoil it for you without giving people a chance to buy it first."
,Recommended,323380,28906930,Posted: 1 January,all,procrastinette,"Should have won the ""Game Within a Game"" Award."
,Recommended,323380,18243922,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,shinything,"Made me think about the lines drawn between game community, designers, producers, technical staff and QA engineers more closely than I have before. Compelling gameplay that feels...seamless to tell a fairly subtle story at times. Throwback elements (without giving spoilers) made me squeal with glee. I'm calling it, this is my favourite game of 2015!"
,Recommended,323380,23604018,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,The 13th Black Cat,"Amazing despite being a bit short, I would recommend this game to anyone, especially long-time gamers looking for something new. My only complaint about it is I wish it was longer, because there's so much to work with here that could make for plenty more interesting content. I definitely think this should be a required play for any and everyone considering developing their own games...though, as an artist myself, it's a good play for any sort of creator. It definitely makes you think."
,Recommended,323380,15908970,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Fleischer-Bot,"In this game you can:Sabotage a game conference demoEdit creature/object propertiesMake a dog flyTurn an adorable infant into Flying Demon Baby (complete with helicopter blades)Enjoy a brilliant, hilarious satire about the game industryHave fun with a genuinely good gameBuy It!"
,Recommended,323380,17338526,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,TheGZeus,"That was a fantastic experience.It tells the story of development hell from all sides, including _inside_ that game.I just finished the game (but not 100%, which I'd like to try for, for reasons) and my face hurts from smiling.Best game experience I've had in months.If you're a gamer and have interest in RPG/Adventure games from the 80s/90s this will be an amazing experience.If you're a gamer at all, it will be almost as amazing, but somewhat less hilarious.Anything more I could say would be spoilers.Just get it."
,Recommended,323380,15857909,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,limbster,"Heartfelt, full of dark comedy as well as some thought provoking moments, this is one of those rare games you kinda wish was longer, or would get a sequel...but the more you think about it, the more you realize it's perfect the way it is."
,Recommended,323380,15839497,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ケヴィ・ディ,"Apart from The occasional spelling error within the text I thoroughly enjoyed it. There were times when I didn't know where to go or what to do especially nearing the end but I worked it out. I loved the cast of characters, the world, all the gameplay mechanics. Being someone who took games design and enjoys creating things like maps in the source SDK it did feel like a purposely WIP game within a  WIP game. Coulda done with some more Dev textures but that's just me.I particularly enjoyed obtaining my own small army of various enemies and creatures each having their own set abilities. (I had a shielder Howler, a fire howler, a flying robot rail gun, a grounded robot with fire abilities and a bunch of small hivers.) If you like messing about with different combinations of abilities and powers to create unique creatures to help with combat or puzzles get this. If you're a game dev get this too because you're going to know more about this than your casual gamers.Also the story is really good too so yeah, open up that wallet.I'd recommend this to anyone and I also recommend you don't look up any gameplay or walkthroughs... because at the time of writing there aren't any walkthroughs."
,Recommended,323380,22336464,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,QAOSbringer,"Very interesting game about game making. If you are involved or at least interested at game development procedure, you will see some references to the works and people inside the game business. This plot is surroundered with a interesting gameplay, almost like a Portal-esque mechanics. And this means you can use your imagination to solve the puzzles. You should finish the game at least once."
,Recommended,323380,23697126,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Jamy Catalyst,"The plot in The Magic Circle takes an interesting turn. You are literally playing a game while playing a game, being the hero while being the player whose the hero. Yeah, its one of those things that's cool but if you think too deeply about it you get a headache. Like time travel.But I could kiss the writers of this game, the plot and deeper meanings are just so ingenuous! When you get far enough into the game you'll see what I mean. But as a gamer and writer myself who has many years of both things under my belt, the deeper meanings meant a lot to me. Once again, I'm going to keep this semi-spoiler free. So I can't say much more.Full review here-http://www.keengamer.com/article/13118_the-magic-circle-reviewPart 1 of let's play here-https://youtu.be/di0Qs2_4tQE"
,Recommended,323380,15833003,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,NibomnTheFourth,"I went out on a limb for this game, given its background, i trusted it. Made by the Bioshock 2 director, The Magic Circle is an open-world puzzle game that doesn't leave you out to dry like many Metroid fans would like you to think you want.Through a series of events, you are able to manipulate items and monsters around you, and swap traits. Want a pet rock that can stab things? No prob.This game puts YOU in control of how you want to do things, as there are an infinite number of ways to compete things. Coupled with JUST enough push in the right direction to not have you screaming ""WHAT DO I DO, WHERE DO I GO?!""I beat it in one long sitting, however there is an actual extensive THING at the end that is full of replayability (that i won't spoil for obvious reasons). This game had many surprises and even mixes up the gameplay a few times.Was it worth the money? Absolutely. This game reminds me a lot of Tiny and Big in Grandpa's Leftovers, another shortish, but very appealing game with a unique gameplay style.I tried not to spoil too much, so what are you waiting for? GO PLAY"
,Recommended,323380,15830843,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,espacio vacío,"I can sum up this game in one word:INSPIRING.Ok, no, one wordandone sentence: It's definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,323380,16560820,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[VGA] Mautobu the Barbarian,I saw these guys at PAX 2014. I sat at their booth playing the game until I was (nicely) asked to vacate so someone else could play. The game is a remarkable concept and impeccably designed. The art is incredible. I can't give enough praise :D
76561198020934519,Recommended,323380,16970142,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,leqesai,"This is a fantastic representation of art as a video game. It plays very much like so many other nameless games yet is completely different. It is different on a similar level as the Stanley Parable. But it is much more fun to play. There is an actual game layered into this piece of artistic expression. There is also some pretty compelling philosophy backing the narrative.This is one of those games that you really do need to experience to understand why it is so intriguing.I completed my first playthrough in just under 3 hours. I'm glad it was relatively short, as well. This is the type of game that is best taken in one sitting. You're really going to miss out on what the game is trying to tell you if you don't play the whole thing in one sitting.I absolutely recommend this game.Hell, it is a definite contender for my top indie game of 2015.If you're not willing to shell out the bucks for it because you aren't sure if it will be your thing then download the demo. Taste the water for yourself and then make the plunge if you like what you see."
76561198012454558,Recommended,323380,17454123,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,leenay,Buy this now guysOnly things you need to know1. Ashly burch2. Game about games3. Ken Levine
,Recommended,323380,33350979,Posted: 7 July,all,Ozons1,"Game is a bit short (took around 4 hours to finish it) but it was fun. Interesting concept about enemies, why should kill them if i can make them my allies ? Why shouldn't I add flying option for rat and give it a railgun ?In this game you will not test your gaming skills or master them. This is some kind of mix between Stanley Parable and portal (couln't come up with better example). Most of enjoyment comes from narrator and interactions between main NPC's and of course solving small logical puzzles (how can i get to that point?), exploring and very small combat encounters (you cannot fight, but you have followers which do all the work).Even though I liked this game, I do not recommend buying it for its full prize (20 euros). It was fun and good but not that much. If you see it sometimes with good discount, then pick it up, will not regret it (at least I didn't and hope you will not too)."
76561198003024333,Recommended,323380,31092922,Posted: 12 April,all,Magic Juan,"I really enjoyed this game.  I played through it in one sitting, roughly six hours.  I didn't get all the achievements, yet, but this game is a whole lot of fun.  As a lover of video games and an aspiring game dev there is so much here I enjoy.  I won't spoil it, but the story was great, I loved the world they built and all of the characters were interesting, engaging, and very well voice acted..The Magic Circle was not at all what I was expecting, it was so much better!"
,Recommended,323380,26921623,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MarinusWA,"This game is short, but worth the experience as it continously subverts expectations. Every time you think you got a handle on what sort of game it is it shakes things up and becomes a different related game. The story is excellent and what ties everything together into a seamless whole.If you're an old-time gamer who's seen everything, this game will surprise you."
76561198025755114,Recommended,323380,31097711,Posted: 12 April,all,dan-k69,"I prefer a non spoiler review. It's a short game but you won't worry about that so much. This starts as a story driven game, which is good. Then the mechanics kick in and really draw you into the world. The idea is you are a play tester that is finishing the game thats been in dev for 20 years. . .The favourite is the mechanics. An enemy approaches, and you capture them in your trap. Then rip out all their code (walking, hostile, teeth). Leaving a harmless little jellybean.Then the idea is to reprogram enemies with collected attributes from other enemies. I approached the game as the sort with hundreds of attributes at the ready, so each scenario was tactically handled. There are some attribites that are difficult to consume at first due to your resources not being varied enough and your enemies being too powerful. But you eventually end up getting them. The challenge to do so was highly satisfying.By the end I was standing on the back of a flying turtle and flying around the map with my swarm of flying machine guns. Click to direct. Done. I won't lie. I smirked a bit.Fun game. Would reccomend."
,Recommended,323380,23786827,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Meatbag,"10/10, interesting characters and story, forth wall jokes, interesting mechanics and amazing trippy visuals. Recommend to everyone."
76561197964084966,Recommended,323380,27999039,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jobobn,"Buy this game, and buy it now. I just finished it and it is amazing. Easily one of the best Indie games out there. It has amazing voice acting and some very-deep takes on creating, the video game industry, and even life.I could not recommend the game more."
,Not Recommended,323380,20835945,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Cryhog,"This game is just solidly okay -- and it's pretty expensive to be okay.Pros:-The premise of the game is fantastic and is well executed throughout-The voice acting is excellent-The use of powers (i.e. the ways you fight / interact with the world) is pretty interesting throughout-The ability to trap monsters and have them fight for you is neat (sort of Pokemon-ish)Cons:-The game is REALLY short. Really really short. I beat it in < 2 hours.-The level design is atrocious. Seriously. It's worse than some early 90s FPSes. A significant amount of my playtime was spent being lost.-It thinks it's smarter than it is. The conceit of the game (you're trapped inside a game that has been dragging on in development for 10 years) is interesting but the main characters are insufferable and a lot of the writing is overwrought.-It is absolutely and completely without challenge. You could watch a Let's Play of the game and have nearly the same experience as playing it, albeit without the whole ""getting lost"" part.-I really cannot overstate how bad the level design is.Overall if you can buy the game for <$5 it's probably worth it. At the normal retail price it's just ridiculous. And honestly the further I get from the game the less kind I am to it. It's really profoundly mediocre which is sad as I love the idea behind it."
76561198053249642,Recommended,323380,20232420,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,lunchbox6690,"I rarely do reviews, but my lord I absolutely love this game, with all the powers and attacks you can put on different creature, i had a Key flying around shooting fire at things.10/10 would make a flying flame thrower key again"
,Not Recommended,323380,17066638,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Death's son,"This is a mixed review. Is it worth your time? It's not very long and is quite intriuging. Is it worth your money? If you have some spare cash lying around, sure. While the game is interresting it kind of keeps dropping ideas. It tries to put a lot of game mechanics into the game and changes when you use these mechanics in a kind of an episodic way.The idea of hacking entities during the game is a very interresting mechanic (although done before in ""hack and slash""). However it is quite shallow; There is a very small range of ""parts""The idea of sapotaging the E3 (named E4) conferration is fun as well. However it's a small part of the game.Making your own game and letting people play through it is, well honestly it's not great as the ""player"" AI isn't great, nor the pathfinding for that matter.The humor is a small part of the game, most of it coming from the voice recordings you find in the world. However some of the dialogue at the end is, weird at best - cringe worthy at best.The satire is there, but it fades in comparison to some of the mechanics. Like if you think about it you see it. But while it is indeed satire, it's not very apparent.So is it a good game, it's a series of good ideas. Is it worth your money? Not really as it honestly is too pricey at 19 euros."
76561198057159183,Recommended,323380,34701791,Posted: 2 September,all,The Gaming Reaper,"I remember hearing about this through Jim Sterling a long while back and have had it in my wishlist since then. I finally got around to playing it, and... whoa.The game itself is guenuly interesting, and has quite and interesting romp throughout. Being able to trap and alter monsters to help you in overcoming challenges is quite a nice feat. It also adds a puzzle element to the game, as you will need to use your creatures to overcome certain challenges. Such as finding an entity with Flameproof to fight the active Flammers. Once you manage to take control of one of the ""Sky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"", you'll be finding yourself in a game making room, as you try to make dungeons for Pro and your fans to play through. As a game dev hopefully, I honestly like this, even if I think more depth could've been put into it. Still, it is a bit of fun to get through, and the story does do a good job of showing how easily ideas get thrown around and scrapped.I do have a couple complants: the backtracking in the overworld can get incredibly tedious, especally when Life becomes and issue. Warping helps, but only by so much. The other complant is that the mouse sensitivity is WAY to high. I'd recommend turning it down before playing, otherwise your screen will zip right by.Overall, I give this a very positive review."
76561198069464790,Recommended,323380,23561396,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Cobraman,"Creative, engaging, and fun, with a humorous story and realistic characters. Certainly worth buying. The only downside is that the game is rather short, but don't let that discourage you - however short it is, it's still worth your money."
,Recommended,323380,23601936,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Nit Pick,"What could I say about this game? I guess I can start it with the tired saying ""It's about the journey, not the destination"" or however it goes. Thats what this game is essentially. A great journey and a rather weird destination after the end game. Perhaps this is where the player ends up after the credits roll, the player is able to continue their own way.I still reccomend this to anyone who enjoys 'hacking' or 'reprogramming' games. Like 'Hack and Slash' and what not."
76561198028436082,Recommended,323380,30378144,Posted: 7 March,all,inadvertance,"- This is a demo review... not finished yet. I'll hope you will appreciate it- Damn, you should write a better intro. Please add some context- OK OK ... So magic circle is a game about building games in a game <infinite loop error><reboot><5%><25%><50%><75%><99%><99%><99%>The magic circle is a game in which you play the beta tester of a game that's not finished yet. In this game you can exploit cool glitches, modify the creature troug a micro-crafting system of properties, and even create your own dungeon.- Who said dungeon?- Me, but no mistresses and horny demon.- We will add them in a future DLC.- Where was I ohh yess...The game is a clever reflexion on game making, that breaks the frontier between devs and players. Even if it's a short game, with no replay value, it's a very fun one, so I recomend it for everyone that likes video games and that's intersted in how they are built.- That's all? How can we sell a game this way?- I'm writing a review, what do you expect? I'm not selling your game- Your not! damn! I should put you on the ban list of our next AAA free key games... no info, no paper- I'm even not a journalist, you know- Damn indies!So The game, which is <very> nice, has a some <NO NO A LOT> of nice surprises, like the one with the red lasers, or the one with the dungeon or the one with <SPOILER CENSORED>- I'm censored now, how can I explain how fun this game was.- Don't peoples should buy it- ARggggggg."
,Recommended,323380,31086388,Posted: 11 April,all,Voodoo Dragon,"A meta-game that manages to both tell a good story and provide lots of fun in the process. There are some really great ideas here that had me smiling numerous times. The goals are sometimes a bit unclear, especially after the initial hour or so of gameplay, but overall, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,323380,25382328,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Anticept,This game broke my brain.And I had fun all the way to insanity.
,Recommended,323380,15929753,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Aisu,"Early on in Magic Circle, I felt like I'd hit a wall. I kept throwing myself at the same challenge repeatedly with no more success each time. I was frustrated, fed up, falling apart.And then it abruptly all beautifully, perfectly clicked, and I solved the puzzle and ended up with a tactic that carried into the endgame.The story of Magic Circle is a great one - the cast tends to stereotypes, but they're smartly-written, well done, stereotypes. Everything contributes perfectly to the atmosphere, from the jarring mix of futuristic and retro-fantasy areas to the soundtrack being edited live with soft whispers from the composer. Old Pro is hilarious without turning grating. And the core gameplay is tricky at first, but once you master it, it becomes beautiful.10/10, would send to development hell."
76561197975513748,Not Recommended,323380,17340235,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Noobz,"I was extremely let down with this ""game"" for a slew of reasons, but I will only hit the main points.1)It was barely a game at all, it was much more of a Narrative style like ""The Stanley Parable"".  The game took maybe five hours to beat, half of which was not what I would call gaming.  The first time I actually thought ""I'm having the slightest bit of fun"" was for about half an hour at the endwhen you design the levels.2)It felt like someone wanted to tell a story and chose the wrong mediumInstead of writing a book, they created an interactive video and called it a game.  I don't have too much of a problem with that genre, but it should be made known (and I should have researched this game more beforehand).3)The story was as lame as the game-play.  I didn't care for any of the characters, and I wish they would have just gone away and let me play in my world.  Also, the game play is almost entirely basic.  You hack a creature and modify its abilities...but there are so few options that it is basically always the same.  And since you can have all of them follow you, the abilities are never strategically limited.  You never have to decide between abilities when you have them all.  Not to mention, upgrading the monsters is unnecessary, so that's a waste of a feature.  Take strategy out of the tags for this game.4)They could have done a lot more with the game.I feel like it is missing something, and that they could have flushed it out to make it worth the $20 price tag.Are there any Pros?1)  I liked the art style, environment, and atmosphere, though I wish you could have brought more of the dull landscape to life/color (like you do to some objects / creatures.2)  The game played smoothly and was intuitive.3)  While I didn't love the story, but I have to give them credit for originality.  It was a cool enough concept to hook me into buying the game.So why wouldn't I recommend this?I didn't have fun, plain and simple.  Mostly because it's not much of a game for the price.  Was it the worst game I've played?  Definitely not.  I think if you go into it expecting a story and your job is literally nothing but turning the page, and you got it on sale for $5, you might be able to enjoy this.  But that is not how a game should be."
,Not Recommended,323380,22343074,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Fire From Moonlight,"Missed potential; original concept; short. Lots of tools, but nothing to use them on. Preparations for puzzles that don't exist."
76561198002125790,Recommended,323380,33025861,Posted: 29 June,all,Skid,"It's a short experience, but an extremely well-crafted look at a game in development hell from inside the game itself."
,Recommended,323380,21853164,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,El Presedente Beatus,The game lied to me. I was promised a magic circle. Instead I got a wormhole thing.
76561198004066350,Recommended,323380,17423574,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Your Mother,"It's a good game, a fun game! really. Though admittedly, it is a bit disappointing in some reguards. It emphasizes on getting pets to follow you around, sometimes a lot of them, but it doesn't really give you the opportunity to use them all that much, I’ve had two to four pets following me around the whole game, but the most enemies i ever fought at once was maybe six at best, and they did nothing because they only had fire attacks and my pets were immune to fire.The game is also unfortunately rather short, while the story is great and the ending twist is a great surprise, it only took me about four hours to complete.Some more in-game exploration and combat, more use out of the pets you mix and match, and a longer run time, and this game would be amazing. As it is, not sure if it was worth the twenty bucks i paid for it, fifteen maybe, but idk.Still a fun game all in all, I’d give it a 7/10."
76561197969417125,Recommended,323380,24041122,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,G00N3R,"The Magic Circle is set in the world of an unfinished fantasy themed video game, and you are a play tester, trying to help get the game released, while its key developers argue about its content.The main gameplay mechanic is the ability to trap objects and creatures, and then edit their properties. You don't have a weapon, so combat relies on editing creatures so they view you as a friend, and other creatures as an enemy.You can also remove abilities from creatures and objects, and add them to others. This will let you change how the creatures move (walking, flying, not at all) and how they attack (melee, flamethrower, railgun, no weapon). This system lets you come up with some creative solutions to both combat, and environmental puzzles. Its the kind of game where different players will come up with different solutions to problems.For example, one enemy, the flamer, is basically just a big round rock which breathes fire. I found an inanimate rock which was fireproof, so I removed ""fireproof"" from the rock, and added it to my weird looking dog ally, so it could kill those flamers without fear of death. Then I made the flamers my allies and resurrected them, to help me fight a boss.In one area I needed to get across a lava stream, and I'd seen this turtle like creature nearby, which was big enough for me to stand on. I made it fireproof, and then made it think that rocks were its enemy, so it would go attack a rock on the other side of the lava, carrying me across.The story has some fun moments, parodying game development and fan culture, ranging from subjects like players who just want to skip all the story, the rise in popularity of early access games that are missing large chunks of content, and the media driven E3 style events. The voice acting is fantastic.Unfortunately the game is really short. I finished it in exactly 3 hours (my research before I bought it suggested it would be 3 to 5 hours and usually I'm on the upper end of the scale). Its a shame, because I was just starting to really enjoy it, and then it was over. My least favourite part is the section that's set in a retro sci-fi level with ugly pixellated graphics. Again, this is a parody, but it didn't change the fact that trying to understand the level layout and identify enemies literally hurt my eyes (it looks worse than 1993 Doom).The Magic Circle is a fun little game that has some really good ideas, but due to its length I would say buy it on a deep discount sale. I bought it for 50% off, which is the maximum anyone should pay."
76561198088692626,Recommended,323380,22368388,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kastomere,"Let me just start off by sayingHOLY HELL THIS GAMESo, now that's outta the way, let me be more specific.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing insane. It lets you build your own little army of Frankenstein-esque monsters that only gets cooler the longer you play.The gameplay is highly interesting - I found myself going out of the way to find as much stuff as I could in order to build a stronger batch of minions. The graphics serve the game's purpose extremely well, and the color effect that surrounds actual objects is an excellent way to break the monotony. The music, in a similar fashion, follows the game's need very well. Occasionally, you'll hear someone's voice (possibly Ish, or maybe a musical director, idk) commenting on how the music sounds to him, as though they were merely toying with possible tracks in the early stages of the game. It all looks very finished in a way that is intentionally unfinished, if that makes sense (prolly not, but oh well, take it for what you will XD)Honestly, you could just spend a good five hours exploring the overworld, mashing together your army of abominations (looking at you, Sentinal). The process is so engaging, and it just feels nice to have a loyal group of monster friends.And, for a game that does a good job preaching against story-heavy games, this game has an excellent story. It does what a game's story should do - supports the gameplay without hindering the player. Plus, it's just friggin' good. I'm horrible at explaining without spoiling, so just trust me when I say it is amazing. (Or don't, your call XD)It's just so well made. The voice acting is excellent, the writing is damn near perfect, the graphics fit perfectly, the music is nice, the narrative is compelling, and the gameplay is just fun. I might still be a bit starry eyed from just completing it, but I HIGHLY recommend this game."
,Recommended,323380,26350237,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,BinarySplit,"It's a reasonably interesting meta-game, 6 hours long. I found it a lot more interesting than A Beginner's Guide. There's not much I can tell you that you can't already see in the trailer - it's a game about picking apart a game from the inside while figuring out how its development went so wrong."
76561197960282791,Recommended,323380,28768343,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kyote,"The most densely packed and layered gaming experience I've had in years. It's short, it's small, and there's so much there to dig up. Plus it's one giant meta cluster bomb for the entire gaming experience, both creating and playing. If you ever followed the nitty gritty of game creation, or were ever way too much of a fan investing too much of yourself in a game, then this product will speak to you on a deeper level. really, there's simply nothing else out there like this."
,Recommended,323380,34083973,Posted: 7 August,all,Arkan01d,"A very good game that takes the walking sim and turns it into an eclectic puzzler. You use various abilities stripped from mobs to turn other mobs to help you. It takes some out of the box thinking and there are no single solutions to any challenge.However, the game is definately a casual experience. There is no challenge that will test you beyond your witt or patience. There is combat, but you are not directly involved.There is a story here as well. It's a meta commentary on a meta game, where you play as the 4th wall inserting your own version of meta as you progess... Yup, it's an interesting concept. As it plays out however, there are some weak points. Nothing that ruins anything, but don't expect an epic story like Firewatch or Valley.Where this game suffers is in level design. The game is slightly open-world. As you play you open new parts of the level. However, they weave into each other. Parts show up on top of other parts. It can get difficult to track where you have and have not been. But it's not so difficult that you'll ever get completely lost. I found it a bit annoying at times, but never to the point of frustration.Achievements in this game are fair yet not easy to 100%. Expect to play the game at least twice if you're achievement hunting. I played till the end and found out I missed a decent portion of collectibles. I may keep this game install for a rainy day when I feel like going in for 100%, but for now, I personally feel satisfied with the game.Overall, The Magic Cirlce is an enjoyable game. It's got enough going for it to keep most people captivated until the end (6 to 8hrs). Definately recommended by me!"
,Recommended,323380,25443085,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,The-Lost-Demon,"Amazing game, never played anything like this.You play as a sort of ""virus"" hero that explores an unfinished game. As you learn new mechanics and new ways to change your minions you'll start to have access to new zones in the map.Really fun to play and really hard to explain to someone else what it is about xD.8/10- Awesome."
,Recommended,323380,28670083,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pipsqueak,"This game is the illegitimate child of game development, puzzle games, and all the meta jokes ever.It's hilarious, it's strange, gameplay is wierdly satisfying, and it's on sale right now. Go get it."
76561198155206534,Recommended,323380,29024338,Posted: 4 January,all,tipperO1,This game is delightful in every way!
,Recommended,323380,23640411,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,MedicalMage,This is one heck of an experience...
,Recommended,323380,29995892,Posted: 17 February,all,faemir,"Humourous and surprisingly poignant examination of the challenges faced in game development and it's larger consequences. I can't say much more without spoiers, so i'll leave it at that. Fantastic."
,Recommended,323380,30420541,Posted: 9 March,all,The Wizard,"my only issue with this otherwise perfect game is the fact that they didn't expand too much on the monster editing system, I still love it to death though, great concept and story"
76561198066799702,Recommended,323380,23627465,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Khytomer,"I have no clue what I just played, but I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it! Hopefully the develpoers sell out and we will see a fully fledged RPG that takes full advantage of the awesome editing mechanics.Strongly recommended if you want your mind blown!"
,Recommended,323380,15857862,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Snicker,"For anyone who is a fan of game design, this is a sometimes funny, sometimes fascinating, sometimes all-to-real look at the behind the scenes of making a video game.   The first half is part adventure game, part first-person exploration, with lots of secrets to discover.  Any player who has tried exploring ""outside the box"" will definitely enjoy every moment of this part of the game.   The second half is so completely different and unique that it actually constitutes a spoiler even to tell you what it is.  Just be assured that if you liked the plot and dialogue in the first half, you'll love the second half....After a second playthrough, and completing nearly all content, I have to mention the one real drawback to this game: It's short.  Like, really short.  A complete playthrough can run less than 5 hours, and that's listening to all the dialogue, exploring all the spaces.   I personally believe that the price was worth it, but I know most people are going to balk at $20 for 5 hours of gameplay (especially since it's probably not something most people would play more than once)."
,Recommended,323380,22353551,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Nameless Pete,"Imagine the movie ""Tron,"" except that instead of existing inside a functional program, you're stuck inside the half-finished demo code for a Richard Garriott boondoggle that's been in development hell for well over a decade."
76561198067981751,Recommended,323380,31164855,Posted: 15 April,all,ipjasdjilf,because i got to fly around on a super-fast helicopter turtle that shoots lasers
,Recommended,323380,16007875,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Holden @ Turbo Button,"Stunningly crafted window into the cluster♥♥♥♥ that is game development, with inventive puzzle design to boot."
,Recommended,323380,23608763,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Techbane,"I have spent hours wandering this pseudo-monochromatic test build world and beyond. I've witnessed the stageplay shattered dreams of a washed-up over-the-hill development lead in his unending stride to achieve the unachievable, and the resigned attempts of his staff to deliver. My entourage now includes, among other things,a rat on wheels and a pixelated lightsaber-wielding zombie.I have no idea what I am doing anymore.If I have a complaint or two, it's that the walking speed is just a tad glacial for the size of world you're exploring, and there are a lot of seemingly arbitrary triggers that can interrupt the all-important narration and audio cues. It also gets a little too real at times in all honesty. It's amazing what it manages to pull off with a straight face given the context of everything that's happening, though, and as far as games about ""breaking"" the game you're in go, it's definitely one of the more colourful and mechanically intriguing."
76561198090310629,Recommended,323380,29257739,Posted: 14 January,all,nordic,the adaptation (2002) of video games
76561198096096172,Recommended,323380,29131116,Posted: 8 January,all,Babaganoosh,"This game is a perfect example of a great indy game.  The satirical take of the video game develpment industry is unique and above all enjoyable.  But like most indy games, the play time is short and doesn't really offer replay value.  Pick it up on sale if you can, it's worth the 8 bucks."
,Recommended,323380,29595803,Posted: 30 January,all,Lapis Casuali,"A lot of fun, gives the old creative part of the brain a tickle."
,Recommended,323380,33358932,Posted: 7 July,all,ekkess,"this game is an unknown masterpiece. it has a single amazing concept: switching parts and behaviours from creatures and using that against your enemies. it's storyline is fractured but can be replicated via the recordings left in encoded objects. the only problem I have is the price. for $19 it isn't worth the time in the game. I recommend getting this game during a steam sale as the game is short. it has some replayability in the ending ""minigame"" in getting a perfect score, but that's it. once you get 100% completion, there is no more game to complete."
,Recommended,323380,16970857,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Edrobot,"Like Portal, It's a bit on the short side, but it's brilliantly written, and very fun to play."
,Recommended,323380,22596582,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SneakyJoe.ru,Play this god damn game! It told me to recommend it to my friends!
76561198100392813,Recommended,323380,15937858,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,PlaceUnderTheSun,"Great Game!!! Unusual world with hero's incredible skills. Developer team has made great job.Amazing, WOW"
76561198145012922,Recommended,323380,25082636,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,EntityPrime,"This game is hilarious, entertaining and oddly attractive. I created an army of flying fire breathing mushrooms and battled for control of the universe. 9/10 would fly on the back of a rock into battle again."
,Recommended,323380,15841114,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ron Swanson,This game is strikingly beautiful and truly imaginative!full review here: The Magic Circle Reviewed In Under 5https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SXLnx-6Kc8
76561198028880390,Recommended,323380,17072877,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,APeacefulWarrior,"Absolutely frigging amazing.  This game managed to combine some of the most de-constructionist gameplay I've ever seen with Network-level commentary about the game industry itself, and yet it does it in a package that's incredibly fun to play around with AND with far less pretention than just about any other self-important Game About Gaming I've ever seen.  This deserves GOTY awards from any game journo who still has a few shreds of their soul left.There might be longer games out there for $20, but it's virtually assured none of them have even a fraction of the creativity and raw love of the genre -despite all its flaws- that The Magic Circle demonstrates."
76561197999908506,Recommended,323380,17020304,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,tsandl,"I didn't see any indication of this on the store page, so I do want to warn everyone that there are a few instances of some pretty strong language in this game. Don't buy it for your kids (most of the humor would go over their heads anyway).The term ""Magic Circle"" is game designer lingo for a player's immersion in the game. It's analagous to the ""Fourth Wall"" in drama. Anything that makes the player conscious of the fact he is merely playing a game is said to break the magic circle.This game doesn't just break the magic circle; it body slams it, stomps on it, and makes vicious insinuations about the age of its mother's profession. In so doing, however, the game actually forges an even stronger magic circle around the player. When you are playing a game about playing a game, it becomes difficult for your brain to process the fact that The Old Pro isn't real, but rather a fictional character brought to life with a typically awesome voice performance from Garr—I mean Mercer—I mean Stephen Russell. Artsy self-absorbed writers, frustrated level designers, impatient competitive gamers, *even* OMGOMGOMG!!!!!! breathless fans, everyone feels the keen edge of The Magic Circle's wit.It's not a long game. I spent a lot of time just fooling around and still reached the real end credits in less than 9 hours. Even if I weren't going to fool around in my current game for a few more hours and then replay it all from the start (I couldn't hear some of the dialogue over the sound of my own giggling), I would still consider it worth the price.Anyway, I hope you like it. I worked really hard to get it ready to ship."
76561198003415677,Recommended,323380,18397120,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Aegix Drakan,"Holy cow.If you are at all interested in game design, and the culture that surrouds it, you need this game in your life.This is not a parody game.  This is a game with a purpose.  And it's damn fun to boot.The basic concept is that you're a beta tester for a hilariously and tragically unfinished game trapped in development hell by its creators, who are all various shades of borderline-insane.  Then, a being calling himself ""The Pro"" (voiced by Stephen Russell, the guy who played the hero in the original Thief Games) contacts you and tells you he wants you to fix this mess and get the game SHIPPED.How do you fix it?  By literally stealing ""Life"" from the nooks and crannies of the world, then using it to essentially hack into enemies to make them do what you need them to do.  It's basically a big open-ended sandbox puzzle game.  One filled with secrets, hidden abilities, and tons upon tons of audio logs detailing the game's spiral into madness.Every time I thought I had the game figured out, it threw me another curveball, forcing me to rethink everything about it.If you can think of a way to solve a problem, it's legit.  And BOY are there a lot of possibilities.  Army of fanged mushrooms?  Easy.  Demon-monkey-dogs you lob as if they were GRENADES?  Knock yourself out.  And that's just the simple stuff you can do.  The vast amout of surprises and twists the game throws at you is sheer madness, and I love it.  And that finale...I will not be forgetting that amazing conclusion any time soon.As someone who is studying to hopefully develop games in the future, this game hit home in so many amazing ways, and I had an absolute BLAST with it.  Don't look up anything more about the game.  You'll just spoil yourself.  This is a game that thrives on discovery and surprise.  Anything you look up can ruin things for you.So, if you're curious about game development, or you want to see crazy new story angles, are a fan of emergent gameplay, or just want a snarky and clever open-world puzzle game, you NEED this game in your life.  TODAY.Like, Right now.  It's that good."
,Recommended,323380,18465702,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Pangamma,This is one of my favorite games now. A must play for any aspiring game developer!
76561198048139881,Recommended,323380,17303722,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,John Wolf,"While the game is interresting and has good and propper points, I would advice not learning too much, or anything at all about it, if you're going to buy it.However, I can't say for sure whether or not you should purchase it, I believe in supporting indie developers, but this game just isn't worth the asking price.My guess is many will go to Youtube to watch a playthrough, which i can't fault. Without spoiling much i can say, the time i have on record, is the time it took me to 80%~ the game.The game is good, but.. keep the above in mind.The biggest hope i personally have, is they use the RPG mechanics for a bigger adventure game."
,Recommended,323380,18188236,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Wake me up,"Welp. That was.. totally different type of game. It leads you.. No, it makes YOU lead it with zour Heart and Mind. With passion, humor and a SOUL.Good New experience. 10/10."
,Recommended,323380,17076667,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,"RandomHobo, Inc.",A very fun and creative game 10/10
76561198073202571,Recommended,323380,17585499,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Lulu,"I'm really glad I picked this game up. Charming and engaging story about the balance between the story, gameplay and fan service in games. Innovative mechanics that let you create your own fun and smile when you see your creations in action.I for one am a great fan of a flying fireproof rock with a f*kin railgun mounted on it. Also I could mount him and command my legion of loyal abominations I grew so attached to.Definitely worth playing for everyone, especially those who enjoy breaking games."
,Recommended,323380,22601577,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Desert Loves You,"Hey!  I wanted to take this opportunity to talk about my first game, ""The Magic Circle - The Start.""!  We just released Episode 1 and the reviews are in: ""9/10 -oLbOsS42""!  This game is FREAKING unbelievable!  I can't say that enough, enough.Come check out the magic everyone's calling:THISis the version of the game we're going to remember...We're fast at work on Episode 2:The Magic Circle 2: Past the Red Room.  See you soon Holiday Season 2017!!!"
76561198063522281,Recommended,323380,31817650,Posted: 18 May,all,Ravoria,"Funny little meta game. Not a lot of gameplay to it, but if you've ever messed around in gamemaker you'll find a neat experience. I basically played it like a Metroidvania, but there are probably some weirder solutions to everything. Ironic to say, but I would like to see a sequel that further explores the gameplay, or some voxel game that lets you mess with characters on the same level."
,Recommended,323380,23713460,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,blahhh,"My strongest ally was a rock...that could fly...and shoot a railgun...and controlled all other rocks to do the same. So not too bad. Walking was a bit slow, but when you can teleport to checkpoints, it's not too bad. Didn't really understand all of the mechanics like ghosting and some other stuff, but didn't need it to beat the game. Overall not too bad, but a tad short."
,Recommended,323380,33529151,Posted: 13 July,all,Solvaij,"7/105 hoursHad a ton of fun with this game. It has a sandbox feel while not sacrificing the story (mostly). The pacing is a little weird though. The demo, which is the first part of the game, is excellent and super interesting, but the game slows down in the middle as you explore the many branches of the unfinished world. The story is told in blurbs, but it's hard to find them all if you aren't specifically looking. Still, the creative potential and amusing amalgam minions kept me playing til the endgame, which was FANTASTIC. Fun game, but short, and maybe not quite worth the price. If you can get it on sale though, go for it!"
,Recommended,323380,33229507,Posted: 4 July,all,TheGoldenDrakon,"I consider it a great game, the fact that it interacts you in a weird way makes it even better."
76561198006734255,Recommended,323380,20051901,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Connorcc1,"I don't often write reviews, but I had an absolute BLAST with this game and whole-heartedly recommend it to anybody looking for a unique experience. The game is short, but more than worth the time you put into it. The game encourages you to break the rules and utilize your ability to manipulate elements in the game in creative ways. My only major complaint is that I wish the game was longer. I was honestly expecting a big second or third stage for the game. Replayability is high though, with various contextual comments from different characters, and a few different ways for the final stage to go.My biggest fear when going into this game was that it would be TOO complex, and that the systems to alter and manipulate the game would be off-putting and difficult to handle. But, while a couple improvements can be made to make things flow a bit more smoothly, the system for altering the game mechanics is actually very simple and fun.All in all, despite it's short run-time and the 20 dollar price tag, I say it's a good buy."
76561197970653174,Recommended,323380,24226709,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,tran_fors,"It's not a game, it's a meta-game.  A game that simultaneously mocks and sings the praises of the gaming culture.  Expect some pieces that seem buggy, but that are actually very cleverly crafted puzzles.  Expect some crude graphics, which is there for a reason.  There's combat, but (with the exception of one optional creature) it's neither very difficult nor real combat.  And death - death is an illusion. ;)So, really, it's not a game - it's a meta-game."
,Recommended,323380,20161023,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Alex,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game fun. Being able toedit enemies to make them your allies while you're also giving them a weird poweris so awesome. I've always loved games where I can play it however I want, and if you do too you will love this game.The monster designs are also really cool, I guess."
76561197993925872,Recommended,323380,20735513,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Blindes Huhn,"Definitely not what I expected. Was fun to play (and to play around).At times a bit confusing, but in a good way."
76561198031383772,Recommended,323380,25987696,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Revanaught,"Very very good.  Well written, funny, and with some pretty interesting gameplay.  I was honestly expecting this to be a walking simulator and it's not.The best way I can describe this game is that it's a combination of The Stanely Parable, The Beginner's Guide, Double Fine's Hack 'n' Slash, and Overlord/Pikmen.Gameplay consists of rewriting enemies and objects codes and turning them, effectively, into your minions.  Those minions do the combat for you, and there are a couple of puzzles involving these mechanics.  It's very well done.The writing itself is very good.  It manages to make all of the characters sympathetic, despite them all being awful people.  That's not easy to do, so it's very well done.I would absolutely recommend this."
76561198043868824,Recommended,323380,28213888,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,krocadile1,"A short game but it was a definate change of pace from the other games I play, the mechanics of this game are great. I'd replay again for sure when I run out of new games."
,Recommended,323380,28749764,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,listenstotv,"This game is a weird, sardonic combination of mix-and-match creatures and environments and bickering devs, and it made me laugh out loud.  Not a chuckle or a burst of amused air coming from my nose but actual laughter."
,Recommended,323380,33043916,Posted: 30 June,all,Eikiji,I had such a great time with this game! Super interesting idea. Gameplay was a blast. One of the few games I've actually gotten every achievement for. Breaking♥♥♥♥♥♥with a hive-mind army of fire-breathing spider flowers while riding a flying turtle with a railgun and I couldn't stop grinning. Please PLEASE make more games like this!
76561197989058837,Recommended,323380,21158161,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Johnman,"Well written and engaging little game. If the price seems too high for a ~5 hour experience, wait for a sale, but in my opinion it is worth it. It can easily get to 8 hours if you're a completionist.You're not paying for the length of the game, but the quality and the work put into it, and while it may have a deceptively ""unfinished"" aesthetic, this thing had a lot of work put into it. And it's bold and innovative, too.Excellent voice acting and OK music by the way."
76561198114628189,Recommended,323380,21318600,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Zirus Blackheart,"Excellent!Loved it!Superb ACTING! :-D6hrs play till completion, worth every sec! :-D"
,Recommended,323380,33425580,Posted: 10 July,all,Abattoir Erotica,As meta as it gets. Great game.
,Recommended,323380,34852043,Posted: 9 September,all,Sir Pencil,Bought it on a lark and it totally caught me by surprise.There's not much one can explain or elaborate on without getting into spoiler territory.The simplest way to explain the game is to simply state that it is an extension of yourself.If you enjoy puzzle FPS games a la Portal with strong voice actors and an engaging user experience then pick up The Magic Circle.
,Recommended,323380,22296924,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Sethkitty23,"Oh my god I loved this game. It made me smile in a way I haven't smiled in a long time. And if you want to be in the gaming industry, play this game. It gives you a cold hard dose of reality.. But also hugs you like a warm friend and asks if you wanna go kill a giant plant monster,"
,Recommended,323380,22333472,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SecondChanceVance,"I have NEVER written a review, but damn it THIS is what i've been looking for in a game! I'm so tired of the classic RPG, it's branded and dying, flourishing with the souls who may have recently discovered it. The whole system is perfect. This game has so much hidden potential, call it Gohan. I was so sad when i got to the ending. But so happy at everything i went through. This was truly an experience and i would love to be on board to help design and pitch tons of ideas. The community workshops would be a great place to start. The world needs games like this! You're right, you've awoken the game. Now let me help create the sequal."
76561198102802345,Recommended,323380,23637170,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Stembacca,"<3 <3 <3 I LOVE this game!  Great work!  From the beginning to the end, I was enthralled.  There are points where you really have to think about what you're doing, and find that fantastic.  I don't want to go too deep into detail, I would hate to spoil such a masterpiece.  I sincerely hope to see more from you folks in the future!!!!"
76561198018910266,Recommended,323380,25411016,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"Awesome game, I enjoy it alot. It gives so much choices in each puzzle and task."
,Recommended,323380,25845231,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,archlinux,"A first review I'm bothering to write, as I'd really like to highlight this game!- The concept and graphics are amazing and unique!!- Runs fine on Linux- It's really exciting, but then you are finnished and wish the story continued- (Would you guys consider partnering with like, GameDevStudio for the end-game?)Definitely worth a buy, it's a very non-standard, interresting game."
,Recommended,323380,29841349,Posted: 10 February,all,"Akydyr, The Blue Flame","When I first seen this game on Steam I didn't really expect much from it. Even though I had put it up on my Wishlist and had plans to buy I never really did, Eventually buying it in 2016 on December 24th,Man do i regret not buying it MUCH sooner, This was one of the most funnest games I have played in so long, Don't get me wrong I love playing games, I really enjoy thjem so much, But out of most of the games I've played in the recent years,This was the one that topped them all, My most favourite part is was when [spoiler You actually become the maker of the game and have to create your own level, It was so fun to make. [/spoiler]To the the developer/s who made this game, You guys and/or girls are the best!This.game.Was.Amazing"
76561198052141618,Recommended,323380,31162248,Posted: 15 April,all,ToriBean,"This was an excellent game.It has just the right balance of frustrating as hell and novelty.I also really like the fact that you can keep playing, even after the main campaign has ended - a nice touch.Still can't find all the paths and secret areas mind you - will have to go back and try again!Great game. :)"
,Recommended,323380,31192097,Posted: 16 April,all,Egbert Snafflecopter,"Very much enjoyed the mechanics and humor in this game. My favorite moment had to be when I gave a rock the ""Group Think"" ability and more and more firebreathing rocks starting coming to life and following me over the course of the game."
76561197970946271,Recommended,323380,33102129,Posted: 1 July,all,hastor,"Haven't finished it yet, but it is a very awesome polished game about a very broken game, with tons of commentary on the relationship between developers and gamers."
,Recommended,323380,33513053,Posted: 13 July,all,Andras,"Reminds me of a cross between Pikmin and Scribblenauts, with a story that actually engaged me."
76561198026959607,Recommended,323380,34878374,Posted: 11 September,all,NeonGoo,"Was an amazing game, a nice story and was entertaning, It did have a bit of a slow point part of the way through but overall it was great 9/10"
,Recommended,323380,19815067,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Comte de Saint-Bernard,"The Magic Circle constantly shifts its nature and reveals new delights. Try the demo out, and keep in mind that the full game does, in fact, go bananas in exactly the way you'd hope it would based on the demo. It keeps you thinking, keeps surprising you, and happily doesn't overstay its welcome. Don't be frightened away by the short playtime. When every single minute is this fresh, each one is worth a premium."
,Recommended,323380,19961747,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mudslinger Ning,"This was an awesome journey to play through. And the ability to tear out features from one creature or object and cram it into another for alternative effects it just too fun.Like where else can you turn a corpse into a fire resistant, railgun weilding, hive-minded zombie and nickname it ""Fluffy""?"
76561198117286437,Recommended,323380,20835785,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TheScaryWasabi™,"Fantastic game, short, but absolutely fantastic. Very strange and unique gameplay, the story is good, worth every penny."
,Recommended,323380,22315191,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ryan,"Fantastic game for both aspiring game developers and gamers who want to know more about the process, or just mess around swapping parts between your pets. Although short, the game is very entertaining all the way through and there's a lot of room for replayability and messing around."
76561198038170944,Recommended,323380,22329801,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,rats2380202,"I adore this game. The way the narrators interact with the player is delightful. I bought this game very skeptically, but have fallen deeply in love with the style. I don't care much for the end game content, but it has great replay ability."
76561198040718026,Recommended,323380,23653646,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,gnoerpf.gunther,"Incredible game! Interesting story, very creative setting and ingenious concept!If you like a good story and slightly strange games, this is a must buy!Games like this remind me why I prefer Indiegames!"
76561197972688291,Recommended,323380,23655280,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dalkeris,"""Satire done right"" indeed. I like the art style and the mechanics are interesting and well executed. I found the story, which was good but a little slow in the first half, to be very engaging in the second half. I would highly recommend this if you are looking for a relaxed and unique experience with a clever story."
,Recommended,323380,27572757,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Silent one,a fun game that turns incomplete early access games on its head.  This game allows you to recombine creature elements together in interesting ways for emergant gameplay.  have fun flying around once you figure out how.
,Recommended,323380,28586235,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,guiltyraven,"WOW! this game blew me away, this was by far one of my favorite indi games to play, Im still not done with it, I have no idea how long this even is but damn im having a fun time with it, its worth every penny, could be worth more."
76561198083867748,Recommended,323380,28925472,Posted: 1 January,all,galexj9,"Great game with amazing story.  I'm awful picky with my games but this was just great.  Even the slow parts were interesting.  The whole concept was funny and great.   I  blew through the game in 3 hours but I regret how fast I tried to do it.  The game encourages exploration and rewards ideas that I would have thought would cause a glitch in any other game.All in all its a well executed story line that I'll remember for a while. If you like puzzle and exploration games I'd recommend buying it on the spot.  Everyone more action oriented this game is still great but maybe worth waiting for it to go on sale.Edit: Almost forgot, at the very end you can't skip the credits which is entirely hilarious and typical of the game in its own amazing style."
,Recommended,323380,31494338,Posted: 1 May,all,Quackinator,"A unique ambitious game with really fun mechanics. The story is all about ego and game development, but regardless of whether you enjoy meta filled narative, it's the freedom of the gameplay that is really exciting. This is basically a small open world game where you preprogram the enemies to you advantage. As the game opens up there are a huge number of ways to approach any problem and a load of fun to be had enacting zany solutions. I only wish the game was longer. Highly recommended, one of the best suprise finds on Steam."
,Recommended,323380,33394699,Posted: 8 July,all,joi boi,"Very cute--it struck me such that I feel like I'm indebted to review it,now that I own it.Without giving anything away, this is a shortish, enjoyable game with a unique 'combat' system and some unusually meta storytelling. Nottoometa--never gets preachy or up on a quirky high-horse. Treats players like they have a functioning, analytical brain at all times. Low stress gameplay, just a fun ride through a weird world, spying on some devs with problems. Beaten in 4 hours according to Steam, progressing at a tempered pace. I haven't done so yet, but in about 10 hours one could 100% it (following guides, at least).Pros:- Fufillment from aquiring an increasing number of combat abilities.- Exploration, with rewards for your time.- Encouraged player-driven comedy, regarding the 'combat' options & some other segments.- Good comedy overall. Appropriate and funny. Game made me smirk a lot.- Challenges/puzzles that are not hard to understand, but might be difficult to overcome.The fire puzzle can kiss my a**, I finally flew over it.- Interesting characters, plot-driven. Unfortunately, relatable, especially if you've been keeping up with game-o-sphere happenings.- Has some nice personal touches. You become a character yourself, and unlike most similar games, I felt like I really was.- Fosters suspence-of-disbelief very well. I'm still impressed at the glitch execution--most glitch or crash motifs are done sloppily and feel obviously fake. With few exceptions, simulated game failures felt like they were actually happening, at least before my brain caught up with what was happening.I'm especially sensitive to this kind of stuff--serious props for finally not making me cringe or flip my keyboard in disgust. In fact, it's what drew me in to buy the game in the first place!-Some seriously cool usages of the meta narrative.I don't want to spoil any of them because they are the highpoint of the game, and what it does best. In a sentence, therealdevs really utilize the game's setting.- High-quality voice acting. Seriously, a great cast who convey whatever his character's personality is.Hearing Dr. Venture was a little distracting, but not unwelcome. What's with James and playing megalomanial blue disembodied eyes in videogames?- Doesn't pull punches? I'm not sure how to explain this, but for a laid-back game...I found myself listening to dialogue, thinking of something darker/angrier, and then being surprised when the characters actually said that same thing. Pleasantly surprised. Made the characters feel more like real people.- Nonlinear, somewhat. You choose what you do first, how you do it...a sense of choice/planning goes into what you do.- Kinda nihilistic without being drab or repulsive.- Themes about facets of gaming that too few people fully understand/sympathise with, IMO.Cons:- Bit of an annoying opening, or--it was too predictable. It's not long though, and does serve a purpose.- I found the plot surprisingly confusing--I'm sure it was told to me, but a lot of required information passes by very quickly. It's all easy to tune out, even the extra audiolog-style reward snippets. Sometimes hard to tell what plot is critical, and what is comedy.- Depending on how you play, game can be frusturating. There is basically one sequence of abilities one must gain to progress--if the player reaches an impass too many times in a row, it can be a turnoff. Literally--I turned the game off for a week. sorry pro.- Speaking of breaks, don't take too many. Game is best played in as few sessions as possible, so that one doesn't forget the story/objectives, or fail to take a hint. I came back to my second session a little disoriented. This isn't exactly a 'con,' unless a player is really busy irl or frequently switches games.- I wasn't aware that one could summon all friendlies or the map until I was nearly at the endgame. There are randomly (?) appearing hint popups which finally led me to the right buttons. Not sure if this was me being a dumb player, or a conveyance issue.- While exploring, there were too many areas that felt too large given player speed, and a lot of backtracking. While the game isn't bad looking (I found the 2 contrasting styles to be nicely noncomplementary & good visual storytelling), the environments become bland quickly due to the nature of the nonlinear design.The 'create your own' segment kinda sank that in for me. Not that it wasn't really, really cool regardless.This is especially a problem, because the player often needs to remember specific locations to progress.- While fun, I found that the core mechanic eroded in a similar way. Too difficult to just do the thing you want to do sometimes.I detailed the cons more than the pros, but overall they don't cause much grief unless a player's sensibilities are seriously sensitive to one.TL;DR, compelling game, please buy it,I need money,you'll probably enjoy your time. Between the 'combat' system, the humor, the characters, and the well-done effects, you have a good chance at liking something.I don't like numerical ranks, but if you forced me to give you a rating, I'd go light 7/10.9/10 on a scale of achieving what it set out to be."
,Recommended,323380,34940036,Posted: 13 September,all,TheTinFoilHatter13,"An eerie and warped fantasy world, a convincing parody of some disorganised game devs and a very unique approach to gameplay make this a game like no other. If you're after a clever meta game with open ended puzzles and lots of personality, take a look and you'll probably like what you find."
,Recommended,323380,21141888,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Wiseblind,"What a amazing surprise, this game is really great."
76561198013189743,Recommended,323380,21356187,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Beardo Weirdo,"An intriguing and thoughtful game. The characters were written well enough to seem real, if eccentric. The graphical choices were excellent."
76561198062705389,Recommended,323380,21989679,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Coure,Think The Stanley Parable meets Portal 2.
76561197989850493,Recommended,323380,22331850,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,mr_scurb,"An incredibly entertaining game that I’d recommend to anyone with a sense of humor and a spark of creativity. That said, the narrative is definitely targeted towards an adult audience. Which is in ways a shame, because there are a host of great take-aways.I love this game for tackling a multitude of topics in a clever ways and creating characters with depth, flaws, and overall humanity. The art direction is incredibly appropriate and the writing, more than anything, makes The Magic Circle a journey worth completing. The mechanics can be clunky at times, but they are very creative and serve the story and themes well - Not to mention, it’s just plain fun. The humor is wonderfully dark and amusing.All that said, play the demo, and if anything about what you play speaks to you, know that the full game goes above and beyond the bar set in the demo content. I don’t want to spoil anything, so go give a whirl!"
76561198065850150,Recommended,323380,22404892,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Tvilleacm,"This game is absolutely wonderful. When you first start, it can be a little annoying, but it makes up for that quickly. The gameplay in and of itself is unique, and so is the story and the  characters are absolutely wonderful. The only regret for it is how short it is, but then again, I think that the shortness helps to pace it perfectly. Anyway, in summary: well worth the price tag.""It's up to you now, Boss."""
,Recommended,323380,22528766,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Rutager,"I wish I could think of some other game to compare this to but I cannot.  The extraordinarily unique take on ""video game"" is charming, intelligent, and fun.  The storyline is well thought out and voice acting is suberb.  The intentional glitches and retro effects throughout are well played and add to the story perfectly.  This can be a fairly short playthough, but with so many options for solving the problems encountered it has a high replay value.  In just a few short hours this has become one of my favorite games!I waited for this to go on sale before buying it but honestly it would have been worth full price to me, I just didn't know it yet.10/10 for swarms of flying mushrooms with railguns."
,Recommended,323380,25389826,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Xeller,"Meta doesn't even begin to describe itThe art flows seemlessly from skyrimesk story board the old skool Doom. The music is forgetable, but the voice acting is superb. Each character sounds genuine and unique.In short it's a puzzel drive action adventure narrative in which there technically is no adventure and the only real action you can do is walk, jump, and die.It sounds dumb, but this is easily one of my favorite games, and my only real complant is how short it was."
76561198013097520,Recommended,323380,25424049,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Jon,"A must have for video game enthusiasts and anyone who aspires to become a video game developer.The gameplay is interesting and unique, but the real meat of the game is the story. The game is also easy enough that almost anyone can beat it and experience that story. I really want to avoid spoilers, but if you're still on the fence, read on:Having finished this game, you will feel like you yourself have been a game developer. Not in a way that makes fun of how poorly games are made, but in a way that helps you see the beauty and wonder of all games. Many games have brought me to the verge of crying in sorrow, but this is the first to have me cry with joy. I'll get a bit spoilery now:Towards the end of the game, you become the game developer, and the game becomes the player. As players go, the game was sensitive, polite, and forgiving, but I still wanted to strangle it for being so inconsistent, harsh, and critical. It woke me up a little to how inconsistent, harsh, and critical I had been of the game up to that point.Advice I want to give any players going in to that part, don't treat this as a cheap minigame. Really make the game your own, and put in the time and effort to get a high score. The highscore itself I don't think is important, but the more of your heart and soul that you put into that game, the sweeter the ending will feel. You'll understand when you get there."
,Recommended,323380,25487984,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Retchbeard,"This game is amazing, and very unique. I was very much pleased with the way you can turn pretty much anything you can interact with (including rocks) into your own personal soldier, building an army of somewhat-disjointed creations.I made a squad of flying, fire-breathing corpses. It was hilarious.Highly recommend. 10/10"
76561198056332041,Recommended,323380,25647415,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Sigmund Freud's Penis,"Play a puzzle game, ruin an E3 presentation, and♥♥♥♥♥♥around with a level editor."
76561197975291280,Recommended,323380,29512387,Posted: 26 January,all,ColMustard,Very interesting and unique
76561198140311541,Recommended,323380,33315790,Posted: 6 July,all,Yami_Chin,"This is a well-made, funny and unique game that I highly recommend picking up and playing."
,Recommended,323380,20862706,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Eyes,its good
76561198213343753,Recommended,323380,22207583,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Prodigal Son,"I highly recommend this game times infinity. If you had thoughts on purchasing this game, I highly reccomend that you do it. This game is definitely worth your money. The game starts out with you playing as the main character of an unfinished video game that has been in development for 10 or 20 years. There have been others that have tried the whole ""unfinished game"" within a game thing before, but The Magic Circle does this right. Another great thing about this game is the twists and turns. One minute you think the game is over, but then it turns out there is more. You could say the same thing about the whole game. Starting out, you'll think that all the game is doing is just satire of incompetent game developers and games stuck in development hell, but it turns out there is much more to it. The game has excellent gameplay and voice acting. The gameplay mainly involves editing enemies that approach while discovering hidden parts to the game. The editing gameplay mechanic can lead to whacky things at times like having a rock for an ally that moves and shoots out fire. The voice acting within the game really makes the story shine. All the characters had a great voice acting performance, my favorite characters have to Ish Gilder and The Old Pro. Both of them made the game an even more enjoyable experience. Overall this game was a great indie title that I have enjoyed and will probably play more of in the future."
76561198059599095,Recommended,323380,24140833,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Three1stNames,"Wow! Stumbled upon this game the other day and I loved it. Highlights for me were the voiceacting, cool puzzle sovling, and an interesting world."
76561198040916228,Recommended,323380,25360238,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Carrickfergus,This game was everything I hoped it would be. It's heavy on exploration with some puzzle-solving required -- just challenging enough to keep things interesting without getting repetative or frustratingly difficult. I love the themes of reworking reality. I love the characters -- especially the disembodied voice that accompanies you through the game. This is funny and creepy and fabulous.
,Recommended,323380,25581394,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Boby,This game left me with tingly feelings of euphoria at the hyper meta of the game. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,323380,27574380,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,General Gibbs,if there was any game that could be a game in a game it would be this it has a very interestiong story
76561198020796129,Recommended,323380,27922403,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Squirel,"I'm not sure if I'd say this game was worth the full 20 dollars only given the short play time, but it is otherwise creative and quirky. There are many different ways to solve the puzzles, it controls well, it has a reasonable amount of replay value, and the environment has a very interesting feel to it. This game definitely needs more attention and would be a decent addition to your library."
76561198001072955,Recommended,323380,31308796,Posted: 22 April,all,CndnPhoenix,"One of the weirdest games I have ever played, twelve hours was how long it took me to play it.Have you ever wondered what it would be like to create a game? Work with other people to do so? Become a ""play-tester"" in this game and even the AI will let you in on its secrets. Voyeurism was never so fun.The voice acting is crazy good. One can finish this game quickly, or try to find all the secrets first, so as to explore everything possible.Anything more I might add will fall under 'spoilers' so I will leave off saying: it left a strong impression on me and Iquiteenjoyed the experience."
76561198047464591,Recommended,323380,33173414,Posted: 3 July,all,Ox4d Coma,Breaking the fourth wall has never been so fun.
,Recommended,323380,34928353,Posted: 13 September,all,kwuz,"It's not long --I only got about 6 hours of gameplay out of it, but this is by far one of the most interesting and engaging games I've ever played.I played it all in one sitting because it was just that good.the puzzle soving mechanics are incredibly unique and fun, and the story is deep and interesting and rewards exploration.If you like open-area puzzle games like Myst and Riven, or like interesting meta-narratives like ""The Stanely Parable,"" do yourself a favor and pick up this game.If your jam is more the ""shooting things and getting to the next level"" type of style, you may not enjoy this game as much."
,Recommended,323380,20961334,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,adeilt,"I really enjoyed The Magic Circle. I feel like the gameplay is what I wanted Hack 'n' Slash's gameplay to be, and I felt that the story was an interesting look at the interface between game development and fandom.Also, inexplicably, I felt homesick in the sci-fi areas. I should probably not think about that too much.As a bonus if you're into cartoons, you may recognize the voice of James Urbaniak (aka Rusty Venture)."
,Recommended,323380,22570408,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Schwarherz,"Gameplay-wise, it's fairly easy to cruise through the main story, unless you try to find all the hidden/lore bits. Regardless of which way you play it, the climax of the actual story bit is oh so very satisfying and simultaneously heart-wrenching. (""Please, push the button!"")The story itself has near-infinite replay value as you find different ways to do all the things you did last time. The options are nearly endless. The end of the game is not really an end as much as it's a new game mode. If I had a greater attention span for trying to needle out secrets I'd probably still be playing. Enjoy!"
76561198280039137,Recommended,323380,24508826,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Odin,"You know... I really thought this would be one of those games that you would play and then forget about. But I was wrong! Well all I can say really without spoiling the game is...well...thank you for making this game,really."
76561198010274689,Recommended,323380,17022647,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Danund 81,"A Review of The Magic Circle That is Totally a Square I mean Come On ReallyI won't spoil a thing.  Know that I enjoyed this game immensely, it took turns that I didn't expect, chuckled at and genuinely enjoyed.The art style can vary immensely, and for that it gets 20 style points. It succeeds in its goals of expressing how much time actually went on to the making of this game ~_^The music, self referential and all gets 32 Final Fantasy arpeggios. While not the exactly the star of the show, it fathers the game experience and enriches the scenes when appropriate.The gameplay is about 1,984°F.  This game doesn't hold your hand, and in a way I'm glad for that.  You'll feel like a genius when you solve what you need to do. If you're struggling, don't worry it's expected!  Just keep at it and remember, use your brain. Seriously, use it.The 'World Building' is about 1000 Skyrim Catacombs.  When the game knuckles down and said <redacted>, I was genuinely moved.  I spent the time, and even after an hour of play at 2 in the morning of course, I was scored an 8 of 10, I was happy.  Because I knew, ""This is mine.""I rate the story one parabola effect of the stanley variety, but honestly it's its own, better, thing. It genuinely interested me as I watched Jim Sterling play it, and I needed to know what was happening.  I needed to know why I couldn't kill m'mum!A night wellspent.  And if this review talks you into playing the game, stop by and read it again once you're done!"
,Recommended,323380,18162950,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Zelus,Magical concept ;)
76561198063121518,Not Recommended,323380,33717459,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"it's really short and feels rushed, the idea of ""making your own game"" is interesting and changing NPCs around to do different things is okay but, it feels unfinished, like there was supposed to be more to the game. the story is handled well but I just didn't really find it interesting to listen to the story of a game in development limbo. It doesn't give you the freedom it suggests it does and it very straight and linear, feels like the story in the game is the story OF this game so...pass."
,Recommended,323380,31073578,Posted: 11 April,all,Yirggzmb,"It took me a little bit to get into the groove of what I was supposed to be doing, but once I did I really enjoyed myself exploring and seeing what I could do/where I could get to. Still hunting down logs and such. The story is entertaining and the voice work is top notch.I got the game on sale, but it's totally worth the full price."
,Recommended,323380,16083242,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Literally The Worst,"The Magic Circle is a breath of fresh air in an industry just reaching adolescence. With a meaningful narrative and innovative gameplay, it represents the best of what indie development has to offer. For more, check out theVIDEO REVIEWhttps://youtu.be/BJqLKipTUgE"
76561198160570311,Recommended,323380,22869535,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,epicbapplizer,"I wholeheartedly reccomend this game. True, the pacing is a little slow at times, and serves really as a one time play, but goddammit I'm glad I bought this."
,Recommended,323380,31105204,Posted: 12 April,all,My bad,"I haven't had this much fun with games in a sandbox world. Really well done humor, the ending is done greatly.Must play.-Question"
,Recommended,323380,31023165,Posted: 8 April,all,Jonko,"Been a long time since I've had this much fun with a game, and it's quite possibly the most original thing I have ever played. Buy it, support the devs!"
76561197975194519,Recommended,323380,31051954,Posted: 9 April,all,jshaffstall,"This is a first-person puzzle game, but one where the solutions require you to hack the game.  You can take qualities (type of attack, special powers, even forms of movement) from one thing in the game and put them into another.  Being creative doing that is the heart of the game, allowing you to beat unbeatable enemies.There's a fun story involved, too, and a great voice actor (made me feel like I was playing Thief 1 all over again!).  Highly recommended if you like quirky, offbeat games."
76561198016460542,Recommended,323380,34267472,Posted: 15 August,all,rod.abans,"It was a really loveble game, I enjoyed very much the details and the load of fourth wall breaking hahaThe game is like a thin book which holds a different and enjoyable experience. Totally recomend for curious and indi lovers."
,Recommended,323380,15931703,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Paul T,"The Magic Circle is an amazing, unique, incredible, brilliantly creative game.  It is genuinely the Citizen Kane of videogames: a confounding, insightful, first-of-its-kind work of art that also serves as a cutting (and well-deserved) critique of some of the industry's most well-known (and infamous) auteurs.  I was shocked when I played it and nearly all of the voice-overs I heard were things I've heard almost word-for-word from some of the industry figures I've worked with over the years.I hate the silly ""are games art?"" debate as much as anyone, but The Magic Circle is the first game that we can unquestionably call ""art,"" because there's no other good word for it -- a game that makes a unique, insightful, and incredibly important statement.A game that makes you think.A game about the ""magic circle"" of games within reality, but also about the ""magic circle"" of the reality bubbles of the teams that create them.This game is not fan service -- it's a difficult, challenging masterpiece.  Anyone looking for Call of Duty should probably avoid it.  It's a game that fights you, and sometimes shows you things that are not pretty, or imperfect -- but when it does so, it does so quite intentionally, and for a very good reason."
,Recommended,323380,23276482,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,PunQuillity,"This game is absolutely fantastic. A funny game that actually gets rather 'real' with its comments on occasion and delves into a rather meta approach of the artform of games while providing a rather fun experience. The voice acting is solid (Yay Ashly Burch). I highly suggest giving this game a look, it's definitely a good price for the experience."
76561198208595671,Recommended,323380,29606818,Posted: 31 January,all,Bleep,"This game is a first.  I've been playing a long time (think decades), and this is the first that  I went ""WTF""?  It took awhile to figure it out, what's going on, what's the goal.  Think Kairo and Cylne.  Once you get the hang of it, the various ways you can play the game are mindblowing.  I'm hooked!"
,Recommended,323380,17032452,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,keithsboredom,"The Magic circle is a clever ~6 hour meta satire on video game development where you play a tester who has gone rouge in order to save, the game? the insane talking rock?  I was never really sure.  The majority of the game you’ll spend your time listening to the wonderfully written and acted dialogue which had me hunting for another audio clip as soon as one was over.  The actual gameplay comes in the form of editing and stealing your defeated enemies attributes in order to solve puzzles.You’ll be taking most of your cues from Olmec from the Legends of the Hidden Temple who quickly hangs a lantern on the fact that he sounds like he's plotting to betray you.  I couldn’t help but immediately question the protagonist's sanity as I stared into the multicolored eyes of the virtual rock that I was taking orders from while he recited his Mein Kampf.  Thankfully the rest of the cast is far more humorous and relatable even while they are being little eccentric.  You’ll see these characters as giant floating eyeballs delivering the game’s backstory and plot as you leisurely walk around.When you run into an enemy you have to trap it with a multicolored circle that allows you to walk up and edit the creature’s attributes.  This lets you give it new abilities and make it fight for you, or accidently give it firebreath and then set yourself as it’s enemy as I did more times than i’m proud to admit.  These abilities can be swapped amongst the creatures to create floating fireproof abominations that look like they’re from the Island of Misfit Toys, which might sound disappointing but ends up going very well with the tone of the game.Very early into playing I began searching my keyboard for a sprint key that I was sure must be there somewhere—It wasn’t.  The game does allow you to teleport to various locations on the rather small map and summon the editable carcasses of your slain foes to you.  I still constantly found myself shaking my head at the pace of my character and wondering why I was given the useless zoom function instead of a sprint.  I suspect given the size of the game and the fact that you spend the majority of the time listening to audio diaries a sprint feature would end up feeling silly.Visually the game looks like a schizophrenic watched Casablanca while playing Skyrim which provided a good chuckle.  The game very adeptly attempts to appear like an unfinished game, which results in the problem that it looks like an unfinished game.  Thankfully the game doesn’t last long enough for you to grow to hate the art direction, and I found myself torn between being annoyed by it and loving it.If you’re looking for a serious game stay far away, this game is not difficult or long, but that’s ok because it’s not trying to be!  I am almost tempted to file this game under interactive short story as it would feel far more at home there than listed as a “game” proper.  But perhaps that’s just me being pompous and attempting to force art into predefined categories which too many today do.  Even though it was short I had fun with this quirky tale and came away glad I played it, I think you will too."
,Recommended,323380,16971051,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Flour,"This game is amazing. There is so much to do and explore. Pretty great story, fun mechanics. I say this game is worth the money, although the game is just a bit short."
,Recommended,323380,16971926,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,the11ama,"I really enjoyed this game, having played through it for the first time after launch. I really expected none of it. The description on Steam was a bit different than what I found online, and I was badly confused when I first started searching online for some clues about the game; the creators did a good job of selling [the] concept online, which had me wondering if I was looking at the right game.The Magic Circle had a good mix of open world and linear gameplay for such a small game, and though I had to figure out how to ""beat"" the game, it was not impossible to do so. I had quite the surprise when I made that last discovery -- won't share it here to preserve freshness -- on something I had been wondering about since roughly half-way through playing. So worth it when I figured it out, and finding the notes to ... someone. I think what really made the game a worthwhile purchase for me was the end-game, and realizing that searching for every nook and cranny while playing really paid off. I must say -- THAT's how you do it. Great job, guys.Even though I was able to finish the game in an afternoon/evening, this game was worth every penny for me. There were some truly original gameplay elements in this game, and I would love to see more like it in the future, in terms of how to make an ""old"" genre new.I apologize if my review is a bit obtuse, but trying to not spoil the surprises I had in this game was kinda hard to do. My opinion: worth the purchase, and worth the recommendation."
76561198066473183,Recommended,323380,16969554,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,BoneAppleTea,I can't even describe this dark comedy sandbox puzzle creation of a game. Its an unfinished demo that satirizes the development industry while at the same time feeling more unique than most games I've ever played. Controlling AI while learning about the troubles of these fictional developers is a really engaging experience.
,Recommended,323380,25227530,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Has Mixed Reviews,Two hours of how soulsucking and obsessive the creative process can be before showing you how rewarding it can be at the same time.
,Recommended,323380,18181249,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Iron,"+original+easy to access, but still complex+compelling story if you pay attention+humor"
76561198045942188,Not Recommended,323380,31137360,Posted: 14 April,all,Boston's More Than a Feeling,"This game took me about 3 hours to complete. The game has a good 10-20 minutes of gameplay. Once you hit the main world its just downhill. The mechanic this game is based around (editing enemies) gets old really fast. There needed to be more to the game. It just shrivels up and does nothing.Your walk speed is abyssmal and it really hurts this game. You will spend so much time walking across and empty game world trying to get to a text doc that really have to relevance to the story, contains no humour and goes no where.The game has about 2-3 humourous moments and they're all in the very beginning. Nice concept, but wasn't executed well. This is a 3 hour game with 30 minutes of content."
,Not Recommended,323380,17037005,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,CybeastID,"I have to be brutally honest about this one.It's got potential, but it doesn't feel like its fully utilized.It's got a few graphical bugs, more than a few headscratchers, and a couple areas where you can clip through the ground and die. I get that it's supposed to be unfinished, but there's no reason I should clip through the corner of a platform in a very obvious pltforming segment, fall through the ground, and fall to my death.I expected it to get better, but it just falls short. I'd ask for a refund, but I've been playing too long, holding onto that vain hope. Try it at 50% off or something, but...I can't really recommend it."
,Recommended,323380,25077382,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Dein Führer,"Brilliant Game, it is still fun after you completed the story"
,Recommended,323380,16967414,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,EmptyE,"Any game where I to hear Stephen Russell's sexy voice is a good one. If you liked ""The Stantly Parable"" I'd recommend giving this one a shot."
76561198023681449,Recommended,323380,15880771,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,pookakat,"I love this game. It's a unique prospective on game development that kept me glued to the computer for the entire gameplay in the beginning. Sure, about halfway through, I got a little confused at what, exactly, was required of me next.. but I'm sure I'll figure that out, right?"
76561197989186281,Recommended,323380,16960638,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,LEAD FACE,Keep the rock with you at all times
76561198036542823,Recommended,323380,18203181,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,JerryMan the JerryCan,"I enjoyed every minute of Stephen Russel's buttery-sandpaper voice.The Magic Circle is a wonderfully done satire of game developers and the gaming community as a whole, but there are a few things that sadly hold it back from being a complete 10/10 for me.-Length of the game is dismally short, about 5 hours if you don't look for all the secrets. When I recieved the end credits the thought went through my mind: ""This feels unfinished."" The game just sorta ends explaining what the title means. I felt like I missed something somewhere. If that was the idea then bravo to the devs, I get the yolk.-""Puzzles"" are not really puzzles, they're problems. For example: at one point there are enemies that shoot flames at you if you get to close, so all you need to find is a rock and take its 'fireproof' ability so your minions are unharmed. That's a solution to a problem, not a puzzle that took me 10+ minutes to figure out. Sure, there are a myriad of solutions you could cook up, but all of them involve just slapping traits and behaviors onto a creature and then you're done.-The world is small, VERY small. The design and style of the place is beautiful, but I wanted to see more. I understand it's small because the game in the game is ""unfinished"" but there was so much more that could've been explored here. This couples very badly with the short playtime.Everything put together makes the entire experience feel incomplete: end-game mechanics are very basic and limited; everything past the 'open-world' section feels rushed for the sake of satire; the game as a whole seems too short to effectively get their point across. If the whole game itself was to be a part of the joke then I didn't see it. However, I still had fun with this experience, and I recommend buying this when it goes on sale."
76561198123663421,Recommended,323380,31060943,Posted: 10 April,all,Tairy Greene,"A surprisingly emotional story embedded within a humorous commentary on the nature of crowd funding games, the fans and devs behind them, and the tragedy of an abandoned game. Use your newly aquired character editing skills to traverse the games decidedly baren landscape to breath some life into this game and expose the controversy behind it's development. In the end you get to make your own version of the game based on secrets found. Pretty cool imo."
,Recommended,323380,23607327,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Roboapple,Gave a baby mind control powers 10/10
76561198141693147,Recommended,323380,23622812,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Grembign,I think this is one of the best games i've ever played
76561198039728536,Recommended,323380,25453470,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,suicune2000,"This game can only be described as AMAZEBALLZ! If you want a unique experience, I HIGHLY recommend it! I took feet and teeth from one creature and gave it to a mushroom. LOL Then programmed the mushroom to KILL MY ENEMIES!"
,Recommended,323380,31210491,Posted: 17 April,all,brainspank,loved it.  very interesting story and fun dynamic gameplay..
,Recommended,323380,27475012,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Number 905,A really wonderful look into the creative process and issues with ownership that manages to avoid cynicism or blaming.
76561198110558083,Recommended,323380,20132600,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,s1emeckii,"When making a very meta game about game design, it's easy to fall into the trap of being very pretentious and long-winded (looking at you, Beginner's Guide). Luckily, The Magic Circle manages to avoid that by balancing narrative and freedom to the point where you feel like you actually get to do something in the world while still enjoying a very clear, cohesive narrative. The game is really as involved as you make it: you can manipulate the creatures in the game in all sorts of ways to figure out new solutions to the puzzles, or you can just stroll through the game like a walking simulator (and I was that term very positively - a great walking simulator is a great thing, and a rare one as well). When you get access to the level generator, the full potential and charm of the game is fully revealed. If you were ever interested in game design, or even if you just really like video games, this game's for you. It's limited, but that just amplifies the game's message of encouraging more people to get into design.The game is a bit on the nose at times, and there are some questionable things going on with gender roles, but all in all, it's a fantastic experience. One of the best games released this year, and an important game for the ages."
76561198011768368,Recommended,323380,31073378,Posted: 10 April,all,RadeN,Amazingly unqiue and charmingly clever. One of my new favorite games of all time.
76561198042488225,Not Recommended,323380,25905379,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Reshif,"Regardless of how great this game was, the actual content only lasted me around three hours, which is quite dissapointing for a 20$ title.  Wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,323380,31036177,Posted: 9 April,all,WarpedProdigy,"An extremely unique and inspiring game that has a clear moral. It keeps you entertained throughout with an enchanting story and with interesting gameplay mechanics. Given that it is on sale at the moment, I'd definately suggest picking it up if you're looking for a giddy feeling, a laugh, or simply for unique gameplay."
76561198118723925,Not Recommended,323380,19739430,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,highlandmonk,"Whis game has a FANTASTIC premise and idea. However, if you've played through to the end , it gains a whole new level of terrible irony. The story is good, but after you've beaten the game, and even during the game, youGain the ability to fly.Using that, you see that, though the game says this unfinished world is full of half-finished things. Unless this is intentional, theres a lot of negative design space where i got to sume awesome spot and there was nothing there. Not only that, theres a lot of completion bonus, but I have to acces the space world to get there, and the space world is awesome, until you've gone through it 100 times to try and find the turn you didn't take, because that stuffs a maze. My main complaint is no challenge.  Once you get more than, say, 3 pets, they become more of a nuisance than a help, and there's no bosss besides the first one with the hivers. The final boss i killed in maybe 2 seconds with just one pet. The game feels like it itself is similar to what it's mocking: an unfinished game. Overall great idea, okay humor, terrible exectution. I haven't played it but download the demo, don't buy the game. Also, the game length greatly varies based on what you find in what order. It could've been a 10/10, but instead it's a 3/10."
,Recommended,323380,20791798,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Soul Rider,"This is a great experience, not very long or difficult, but it is such fun.  Mixing abilities to enable funny and creative creations is a game in itself.  Definitely my favorite indie game of 2015."
76561198152489216,Recommended,323380,22855483,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,raveleopard,It's relatively short but a whole lot of fun.  I would love to see an update or a sequel that supports VR.  With the way the game is formatted I can't help but feel it would be perfect for the vive.  Great game with interesting concepts and gameplay.
,Recommended,323380,27032447,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JAX,"I honestly didn't have super high expectations with this game initially but, I was pleasantly surprised how fun and unique it progressed. The puzzles and game re-programming aspects were a cool combo that kept me guessing until the very end."
,Recommended,323380,28338526,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,MonkeyJamboree,"Absolutely fantastic first-person puzzle game. Short, but just about exactly what I like in a unique indie game! Creative gameplay mechanics, interesting story (though I'm not usually a fan ofbreaking the fourth wall)."
,Not Recommended,323380,31635178,Posted: 8 May,all,Dr. Scallywag,"It was a fun exerience, but not a great game. It had a good story and premise, but the problem is that the main selling point of the game, mixing and matching ememy qualities, was barely used. Unless I'm missing something (which if I am please tell me because this game got pretty 4th wall breaking) the only segment were you could do what was advertised was about half of the game, which was just a short, linear segment. The rest of it was watching cutscenes and doing a short dungeon creator minigame. There's not much replayability and I'm dissapointed that I the core gameplay idea was so lacking. Buy it on sale like I did if you want a fun short story."
,Recommended,323380,23620785,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Nox,"This game is great, interesting and in many places very amusing.I don't want to spoil it but I really enjoyed solving the puzzles my way.  I'll just say - flying infectious worms controlled by a mastermind worm named aptly - lord worm.  Your mileage may vary.I highly recommend it - lots of fun and some depth."
76561198062675732,Recommended,323380,16963107,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Sciman101,"Oh, I think I finished the game?.... But the point is, this thing is incredible.I really cannot express how blown away I am in full. The devs of this have truly outdone themselves (Unlike the devs in the game)It's probably impossible for me to really tell you why you should buy it, so let me tell you this.This game is for people whole like:-The Stanley Parable-Antichamber-Game Development"
,Recommended,323380,31063462,Posted: 10 April,all,Terroni,Solid game with an interesting story.
76561197987588664,Recommended,323380,31018089,Posted: 8 April,all,method_milo,"wow, that was something refreshing. i love the autoirony aimed at the industry!"
,Not Recommended,323380,17023195,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Major Horrigan,"interesting but quite short - would probably not have paid 17 euros if I ld realized how shortwhile I enjoyed what there is of the game, I ld recommend waiting for a sale unless you are made of money, don t care about game lenght at all, or are an easily excitable moron like me -.-"
,Recommended,323380,28185479,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"A cautious recommendation mostly because of the length - you'll get about two hours playing normally andmaybethree and a half going for all of the secrets. Some games can definitely justify $20 for that length, I think this one has too weak of a final third and too much empty space to be among them. Buy on sale.The Magic Circle is a meta-game about being some kind of ghost/beta tester in a game trapped in development hell. The story is mostly told through the clashes between a developer who is too visionary for his own good, a rabid fangirl of the sort that sends death threats over delays, and a pro gamer contract-locked into a heavily narrative game despite opposing narratives in games. The dynamic is interesting, but only a few moments of the story are ultimately memorable.Gameplay consists of trapping and (visually) reprogamming enemies with traits stolen from other creatures and objects. There's no limit on how many followers you can create through this method, and the stupidity you can cause with it is absolutely the highlight of the game. Combat is mostly trivialized by your army of death, but there are a few environmental puzzles that require you to combine traits in creative ways. Unfortunately, this system disappears almost entirely in the last third.I can't get too much into why I disliked the ending moments without heavy spoilers, but suffice to say it throws out all of the good gameplay and replaces it with something that's just tedious. That said, the sequence right before this does at least manage a few good laughs.It has its moments and isn't at all a bad way to spend two hours, but it's not one you're going to be thinking back to in a year."
76561198137117692,Recommended,323380,25022801,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,heckcat,"Really enjoyed this game. I've 'finished' it, but I think there's a lot more to explore. Just running around is fun. What else ya got, Question? :)"
,Not Recommended,323380,18390191,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Schwypies,"The game is very fun and interesting, but only as a few hours of content. Lower the price for this game!6/10"
,Recommended,323380,16804367,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,vizalerd,"Loyal fighting mushroom. Damn, that's good."
,Recommended,323380,24979826,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,kkgg84,Meta don't even begin to describe it...
,Recommended,323380,16943397,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,shanemmathews,"Love the dialog, the interesting levels, and the ability to reprogram the AIs. solid game."
76561198019092389,Not Recommended,323380,17036617,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Lollerisms,"What little game there is is fun and extremely engaging. The idea of customizing your horde of minions, while not entirely original, is well-presented and entertaining. Too bad there's all of 4-6 hours of gameplay before you finish."
,Not Recommended,323380,17148516,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SuperSmithEli,"Watch my video review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWoyI9LYECsThe magic circle is a bit of a mixed bag for me. On one hand I love everything about it... On the other hand I feel like that the game is limited by everything about it. I loved running through and exploring the vast world set out before me... And it was beautiful. The voice actors worked well to pull me into the world and I even saw an appearance from the guy who does Rusty Venture (The Venture Bros) play the part of one of the head creator of the company, Ish.The puzzles were interesting, although they were a bit on the simple side. The gameplay was an interesting take on the puzzle genre that had me enjoy it throughly in the start of the game. However, you find that the game is limited by what it gives you. Within a few hours of playing the game I already had most of it done and by the time I reached the end I found the ""final thing"" that you had to do to be a bit underwhelming. This game lacks a satisfying major confrontation and replaces it with an incredibly simple puzzle. Combine that with the fact that you only get a few hours out of the game and you get a game that would have felt right priced at 10 dollars and not 20. I don't regret buying it, I just eagerly await any additions they add to the game in the future. In the game's current state however, it doesn't have enough to justify a 20 dollar price tag."
76561198074307455,Not Recommended,323380,23810925,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,dustintcooper,"I gave this 70 minutes, and what I've experiences is a game that has some interesting ideas, but none of them work.  It tries to be satire, but none of it is funny or insightful.  It has a mechanic where you rewrite the abilities and AI of NPCs, but not much has been done with it, and what's there feels kind of pointless so far.  It gives you a character who seems to have achieved sentience within the game, but he's goes between being uninteresting and annoying.  This is an interesting, but failed, experiment."
,Recommended,323380,16786129,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Sombrero Kid,"I could write an essay about this game, it feels like the all writers are writers trope in a video game except being the first game to have used it makes it feel fresh. It really feels like the developers have taken the 7 years since bioshock and tried earnestly to build an entire game dedicated to answering the central conceit and the most remarkable thing is it just about succeeds.It poses a lot of smart questions about how different generations of game deveopers operate and the value of each from the auteurs of the 90's like Peter Molyneux, Warren Spector and Richard Garriot to their proteges in the naughties who were roundly bludgend by big buisness into impotence and went of to seek their fortunes on their own to the new age of crowd funding and nostalgia games of the latest generation. It really is Game as Art like you've never seen before (instead of art in games)."
76561198096318404,Recommended,323380,26847645,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kvaz,Have you ever wanted toquestion reality itself?Maybe dig around in the placesbetweenplaces?Find lost souls and save them?Come on in then.We're waiting for you.Waiting for you to save us all.
76561198071578708,Recommended,323380,31111075,Posted: 12 April,all,scorpio,is gud
76561198093846765,Recommended,323380,22333530,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Pray,So great :D loved it!  I  can not express how happy I feel
,Recommended,323380,23821464,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,"Steven, A.D.","This was a fantastic little gem which I'm very glad to have picked up without really knowing anything about it. It's basically a free-form narrative-driven exploration and puzzle game, and it really kept me intrigued throughout the whole playthrough. The sound design is also just the best.Anything I could really say on things like story and gameplay have really been covered by other reviews, but I will say that if you are one ofthosepeople who ♥♥♥♥♥ about walking simulators and the like, just, stay far away from this as you probably won't like or get what it's trying to do.I guess I don't have anything that insightful to say, but if you're looking for a fun time in a game that satirizes or deconstructs what making games is even about ANYWAY,  I'd say give it a go."
,Recommended,323380,21763926,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,kozmik/noexit,"you'll probably only play it once unless you have super autismthe ending-ending is r e t a r d e d-r e t a r d e dswitching parts and mechanisims of the animals for robots is pretty much the core of TMCsomewhere in the middle of the game i had a family of flying, firespitting creatureslike robots and zombies and ballsit was fun for a single playthroughif you buy this you're paying for a single playthrough"
,Recommended,323380,23329305,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Coda Soliz,"If I explained just my feelings on this game, it\'d just be the good♥♥♥♥♥♥copypasta over and over.Please play this game it\'s so clever and the characters are so real it\'s great 10/10"
,Recommended,323380,22116681,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
,Recommended,323380,17001331,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,CWKnight,"This is the most surprising game I've played in years. Like Braid, it communicates some deep philosphical ideas through game systems and mechanics. This game has the potential to make you think differently about game development."
,Recommended,323380,22450578,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Aartform Games,"Having played several ""hack the game"" games, this is the cleanest/easiest to hack, and has loads of fun new behaviours you can create in the game. Very satisfying when most situations have multiple solutions.Short - but full of good stuff rather than padding.I was almost put off by the art style - but after playing a couple of minutes of the demo and seeing it in action along with the voice acting I was sold."
,Not Recommended,323380,34914972,Posted: 13 September,all,chewfeather,Incredibly short and largely dull with only a couple of interesting puzzles in it. The narrative is decent and the concept is creative but the execution is sorely lacking. Enjoyable for a couple of brief periods but spaced out with unacceptable dullness. $20 for a less-than-four-hour experience of this caliber is a very bitter pill.
,Recommended,323380,17064540,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,criggie,"Quite possibly one of the coolest,fresh,mind twisting games I have played in a long time(and I have been playing a long time) I highly reccomend this game. What an awesome expierience.."
,Recommended,323380,26344204,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,The Grey Sibling,.
76561198092490293,Recommended,323380,31029112,Posted: 8 April,all,esengie,"Cool game, alike to other meta commentary games"
,Recommended,323380,31029326,Posted: 8 April,all,jamesferguson72,"quite short but interesting,"
76561198017943247,Recommended,323380,17020617,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,black culture,"It's amazing, there wasn't a single moment I didn't enjoy and I was actually intrested in the story and puzzles riddled throughout this off the rails experiance."
76561198069555865,Recommended,323380,25371406,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Crystal Draco,Definitely worth getting. It's unique and interesting and the characters are very believable.
76561198059619193,Recommended,323380,25374047,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,It'sPresidentTobias,"Okay so it seems that no one else ahs mentioned this in a review yet so I'll say it. This game is mega-depressing. If you thought the beginner's guide was sad, you're in for a wild ride. That being said, the depressingness of the game is very artisitc and character based, and I have to say that I absolutely love it. 10/10 cried while riding on a flying, firebreathing rock."
,Recommended,323380,25368824,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Zephyr Demyx,"It was a great game , wish there was more to it. Not worth 20 better if you get it on sale. Even then i still feel like its worth a bit less but it was a good 2 day game . probably finish it in 1 if you play it fast and not look around for details and stuff. Still a 5/5"
,Recommended,323380,32034321,Posted: 28 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
76561197971887513,Recommended,323380,34869769,Posted: 10 September,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video reveiw:https://youtu.be/uteVzuCPzNQ
,Not Recommended,323380,16998929,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,THE FUNHOUSE NEVER STOPS,"Less ""exploration of the relationship between mechanics and players"" and more ""exploration of the realtionship between artists and their work."" If that's what you want, that's what you're getting, but I didn't want that."
,Recommended,323380,15816730,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Illiterate Sophist,Well... that was ♥♥♥♥ing cool.
,Recommended,323380,16997132,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Cirno ⑨,It's worth it.
,Recommended,323380,25040056,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Braneloc,You've never played it before.
76561198031929890,Not Recommended,323380,31570112,Posted: 5 May,all,LEVEL 5 DWARF,"While the concept and visuals are interesting, there is nothing here beyond that for someone outside of the games industry.  the challenges are easy, the methods while novel are not well executed.  In general by half way through i googled how much play time was left, glad to see it was very low, and even in finishing the last chapter was such self indulged monologue that I nearly turned it off.Designing games is tough, great, got the picture.  I dont want to play a subpar game to find that out."
,Recommended,323380,23607009,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Gobbles,Great game!
,Recommended,323380,32632901,Posted: 21 June,all,animefreak701139,absolutly recommend it
,Recommended,323380,17014126,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Badabing,"This game is both fun and puzzling. At some points, you'll feel like you have no clue what to do, but if you look closely into each Creature's abilities, you'll figure out a way to solve that mystery!  This game is a solid 10/10 in my book."
,Not Recommended,323380,21896223,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,FourthToe,"Too short for too much. I'm not sure if it was worth it, even though it was on sale."
76561198048268849,Not Recommended,323380,24482040,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,makersley,"There's a really good, meaningful game in here struggling to get out, and it never quite manages to cross the last jump.  Maybe it'll work for you."
76561198019279526,Not Recommended,323380,20886619,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,zyma,"disapointingly short, was fun until you realize the limitations."
,Not Recommended,323380,25611003,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ValCorvo,"I wanted to like this. I did. I feel like there could have been a lot more done with this than what it actually is. It's interesting, unique, and new as far as gameplay goes. Although, some things do feel unfinished. There's a tooltip teaching you how to spin a crank in order to open a heavy door, but you NEVER see that mechanic again.As far as story goes, it's too creative and vague for its own good. I feel like wharever core meaning was trying to be put across just got lost along the way. Maybe you would enjoy reading into it and interpreting it yourself.Overall, a pretty average game that doesn't feel worth its total asking price. Get it on sale."
76561198050927126,Recommended,323380,18153966,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SuperDean,its a good fun 10 doller game it just feels like it should have been able to color everything so it would look like a finish product like skyrim
,Not Recommended,323380,32028076,Posted: 28 May,all,Kauffy,"It's kind of weird to be reviewing a game about a game that isn't finished, and then having the complaint that the game isn't finished, but here we are.The game is very poorly designed from a mechanics and feel point of view. It plays like a game from the late 90s or early 2Ks. It really feels like someone started making a game, didn't get very far, and then decided to paint over that by adding a meta story to it.I will say that James Urbaniak's voiceover is excellent as always, but it really feels like he's the only thing they spent money on."
,Not Recommended,323380,17133878,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,CrazyJabber,"While the game is fun in many ways (Stanley Parable kind), the overall amount of gameplay is very little."
76561197960440131,Not Recommended,323380,20204558,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dark D,"It's an interesting concept, but it just couldn't live up to the expectations it aspired to.  I think this game needed a lot more effort on the gameplay side, it's just too advanced of an idea for what is painfully dumbed down execution.I suppose I should have expected a half hearted attempt at something creative.  The gaming industry likes simple mechanics.  Everything is wrong, on every level.  It's still playable to some level, but it's boring and disappointing.Beyond the gameplay mechanics we also have audio logs you have to listen to like in System Shock 2 or Portal.  But instead of just playing them in the background, you have to stop the game and listen to them in a pause screen.  It gets old very fast and contributes greatly to my boredom.The storyline is okayish.  Although to be honest, I'm not sure what the hell was going on.The map is confusing.  I got lost quite a bit, but there were some nice puzzles thrown in.The thing I liked most about the game was the details it added in that normally only game developers know about.  IE Maps have origins that tell developers what direction is what, lava is actually just a pretty texture with a fire damage trigger overlaying it.Overall, it's boring.  6/10"
,Not Recommended,323380,19246891,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Vasmir,"This game is decent, it has a neat idea with some simple concepts to do and your classic puzzle game style. But my main problem with it, it was way too ♥♥♥♥ing short. I beat this game in roughly 30 minutes, not counting how long I spent afked. It peaked my interest with its neat concept, it silly trailer, and it's connection to me. As it stands, this game is not worth the money you can buy it for, buy it on sale or something. Again, good game, too short. Would love a game like this that had atleast three hours of constant play to before you meet the end, not counting easter eggs, secrets, and so forth."
,Not Recommended,323380,24146404,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Perye,"THIS COMMENT HAS BEEN EDITED: Personally I had an awful experience with a bug that I have ttold the developers about, so PERSONALLY I cannot recommend it, however that being said, the game has good voice implementation, a nice story. personally the game isn't for ""me"", but that doesn't necessarily mean it isn't good for other people, since my small group of friends tend to to not play the same games as eachother, they might like it."
,Not Recommended,323380,20260443,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Venios,"This game is really not what I thought it would be. The demo and the main game page shows it to be really good, but when I played it, I realized that it really was not a game for me. This game is really overpriced.... For what you get. You get just under 4 hours of gameplay for more than £10! I never like leaving bad reviews, but this little game really shocked me. Luckly I got my money back... But with a game worth that sort of money you shouldn't have to... This game has a great idea, that I was willing to spend my £10.04 on (the game was in a sale at the time of purchace) but how it has been made, I disliked. This game is not poor in the way it has been made, but for some reason I really disliked it... So I am sorry for the bad review, and think carefully where you put your money..."
,Recommended,323380,16995327,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Wunder_Blunder,I played a videogame about playing a videogame.Inception/10
,Not Recommended,323380,34282818,Posted: 16 August,all,Spades Neil,"It's an interesting concept, but there's too much untapped potential at the end of the game and no replayability. The sandboxing could have been expanded upon far more than it actually was. It's just a puzzle game, and it barely lasts 4 hours of gameplay.It's only fun until you beat it."
76561198048855146,Recommended,323380,25357970,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Aladek,Great game!
,Not Recommended,323380,31535681,Posted: 3 May,all,Cyril,"This game puts me in a frustrating place, because it's a good idea. It's just. So poorly executed.Okay, first off. This game is not fun to play. I do not find the gameplay interesting; it's slow-paced and repetitive, and the ""puzzles"" are all so abstract that you end up with a lot of ""was i meant to do that"" scenarios. I beat the hiver queen just by getting the mindswap ability and putting it on one of my ally monsters. Maybe the game encourages freedom but that just makes everything feel unrewarding. And the last segment of the game is unrewarding too. One easy, EASY puzzle at the E4 demo, and overdramatic and kind of boring cutscene, and then a slow/repetitive ""build your own game segment"" that you have to start from the very start every time even if you screw up right near the end.The game is also really not that visually impressive. The black and white aesthetic doesn't work and the retro style is, well, intentionally dated. Animations aren't that great and often pretty janky. The ""conductor whispers"" in the music are cute as first but get tiresome quickly. The voice acting is pretty solid though, I'll give it that, and the small snippets of story hidden away are decently rewarding to find.Also, the game is like 3.5 or so hours long even if you're poking around a lot and $20. And even then. It feels too long. It feels like a glorified tech demo that they tried to stretch out to a full game. It's just. Ugh. So much potential wasted. Maybe it's meta. I don't know. I don't care.I wanted to like this game but I just did not enjoy it and I have absolutely no desire to return to it & finish off what I missed. So I really can't recommend it on that basis alone, even ignoring all the other faults."
,Recommended,323380,25359596,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ReBoot,"A game about a game that has been scrapped, rewritten, never completed and fought about by it's authors. Throw in a summoner vibe and quite a freedom in how to aproach situations. Great graphical style."
76561198174210914,Not Recommended,323380,19299912,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,WrongfulWinner3,its to short!!!!
,Not Recommended,323380,21119064,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Riktor51,It's not what you think it is.
,Recommended,323380,17041498,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mr. Jacobs,"This game is great.10/10 Voice acting.11/10 Satire of the industry.10/10 Gameplay mechanics.I love this game. If you enjoy off beat games like The Stanley Parable, then you will probably love this one too."
,Recommended,323380,15817452,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,slackergod,I have made love to over a thousand beautiful women and fathered over a hundred beautiful children but this game is the single greatest experience of my life.11/10
76561197993348154,Not Recommended,323380,34089504,Posted: 7 August,all,chrisgryph,"I didn't like this game much.  The writing is good, and the voice acting is good.  Other than that it's almost ""walking simulator"" levels of boring.  It's incredibly slow-paced, too short, and actually too story-heavy if that's possible.  There's minimal combat, no real NPCs to interact with, and no actual choices in the gameplay - despite the seemingly open world, it's basically a railroad from start to finish.As for the graphics and look of the game, I understand WHY they made it look like a hot bag of crap, but that doesn't change the fact that it looks like a hot bag of crap.  It's uglier than Fallout 3, and that's really saying something.  But that made it SO unpleasant to look at that I didn't want to play it.In short, I don't want to play a game that's in development hell, I want to play a game that escaped it and got finished."
76561198128933498,Recommended,323380,28686892,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JoshF,"WOW. I loved this game, but I just wish it wasn't so short. I beat it in about 3 hours (As you can see) and I'm refunding it now because I don't have the patience to find ALL the secrets I missed. But for the time it lasted, it was amazing. I don't think it's worth 20 dollars, and luckily I got it during the sale, but 10 dollars is fine with me. If you want to buy this game, now'd be a good time (as of typing), because to me it's closer to it's worth. Either way, I loved it and I would still buy it even if it were 20. Good job to the people who made this game :D"
76561198039398748,Not Recommended,323380,26084133,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,lance34,negative
,Not Recommended,323380,16111009,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,TRAVisty James | TSE,"started off really well, but got bored really quickly"
76561198067218045,Recommended,323380,21345997,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Cob,"Over all it was a good puzzle game,  there was usually a good ""ah-ha"" moment when you figure out the puzzle.The story was good enough to keep me interested but I feel like the story was being held up by the puzzles and towards the end when the puzzle elements are over the story starts to loose its appeal.I did run into one or two bugs with the end game wich didnt really make a difference.Over all the majority of the game was great, the last 20 mins or so were not as good as the rest of the game. Still worth picking up though"
,Recommended,323380,16984028,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,DrTeaSpoon,"Get the demo. Seriously... If you enjoy the demo then you can expect the rest of the game to take four times as long as the demo. Also since you can continue where you left off in the demo when you buy the full game it doesn't really add that much ""wait"" to get to the meat of the game.*Good:-Educational. Can teach basics of game logic.-Shows the industry that ""bugs"" are not that bad thing if the immersion is not super important. Bugs are sometimes fun and when player is driven to find the bugs it can be a ""game"" in it self.-Has good story if you care to follow it.-Creature design was.. unique.-Has sort of map editor. Don't expect to share the maps with your friends though.*Bad:-Fell short on promise it showed. Expected to end with thousands of different combinations of ""npc parts"" but in truth got about 30 and from those only five useful and some of those became obsolete eventually.-Short... less than 5 hours of game-play with ½hour of cut-scene/audio content that as a player i had to wait out to get the whole thing.... Yea... Short.-Ending was rushed.-Map editor is weak and clearly built around making sure the AI can solve the map.Conclusion: Like the demo and want to pay your local price for 4 more hours of pretty much same? If yes then YES! Recommended!Ending made me laugh hard."
76561198035663093,Recommended,323380,16984548,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Archaon the Neverchosen,"I'm not usually one of the people who plays games to completion, and I've definitly missed out on many hidden bits during the course of this game. Here's a list of pros and cons:Pros:Nice comedy, I found myself laughing at many points during the story.Without spoiling much, the game flip-flops on itself frequently towards the end, keeps things fresh with new challenges and mechanics.Voice acting is good and you may find yourself sympathising with some of the ""gods"".Messing around customising minions to solve puzzles is fun and interactive.Cons:Game world is small and even if you explore fully and solve everything, it won't take that long to complete. This leads into my second con.The price. For 20 dollars I could buy so many other things that I can get more fun-time out of than just the 3-5 hours for this game. Even with the sale to 17 dollars, it's still a bit steep.Overall I reccomend the game, but it isn't worth the 20 dollars. I'd wait till we get a big steam sale to pick this particular gem up unless you're willing to pay the full price."
76561197971083574,Recommended,323380,16986776,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,VoxMoose,"Quirky, short, and enjoyable meta puzzle game about gaming and the pathologies of gaming culture and the gaming industry.  The flexible system is set up with simple puzzles, but  the puzzles can be solved in many different creative ways, which really makes it fun.  Still, there were times when I wondered if the game devs actually suffered from (in an out-of-story way) some of the problems the game itself parodies.  For example, the ending dragged on a bit incoherently as if...gee...they couldn't figure out how to end it and needed to ship.  Sometimes it got a little too involved with the inside baseball of the gaming industry with lots of metacogantive in-references that slowed things down.  Nevertheless, it is a very creative and clever piece of work. 8/10"
,Recommended,323380,16991339,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,balar,"Funny, Innovative, Meta beyond belief. If you've been playing games for a while now and feeling jaded, you owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,323380,16998564,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Steve Zissou,"I found it very smart and very fun. Although the writing lost me a little a few times, I thought it was good. The sandbox approcach to puzzles gives you many oppertunities to come up with hilarious solutions... and the final gameplay lesson the game has for you is an eye opener."
76561197970785861,Recommended,323380,16999340,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,[WFKA]GUIDO,"I must say, I recommend this game but unfortunately not for the money they ask for it. If the price lay around 10$ it would fit better. Still though play it (if only the Demo)and you like it (this coming from a failed game developer(^U^)."
,Recommended,323380,17004838,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Dr. Arbitrary,"Neat game. Felt like a combination of Portal and The Stanley Parable. It's funny, but not goofy absurd.The voice acting is superb, James Urbaniak hits it out of the park."
,Recommended,323380,17005213,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Stra7x,The Magic Circle is one of those games that takes you completely by surprise with the sheer amount of time and effort that has been put in to a comparatively short game. At first glace The Magic Circle looks simple and lighthearted but as you delve deeper you find a complex and emotional game where every time you replay it you find new things and new ways to solve the puzzles you are presented with. I would highly recommend this game and it is completely worth the price even if you just play it once. 10/10
76561198028271608,Recommended,323380,17028081,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,A Pound of Life,"Good game, not something for someone who is looking for a long game.6/10 story, it's interesting, good narrative8/10  creature swap and mix, mixing creatures is fun and interesting, can be frustrating at times4/10 gameplay, you only get two tools to use, which sucks.5/10 content, the content it has is great, but it needs more, this could have been a musch better game if it was a little different and had more content."
,Recommended,323380,17031715,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,mkderin,"Great game with nice puzzles, thought-provoking scenarios. As a game dev I specially really liked it! :)"
,Recommended,323380,17033086,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Cheesio,Very clever game. Some interesting mechanics and a pretty great story. A must play for anyone even slightly interested in game development.
76561198063353574,Recommended,323380,17034506,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Mooninite,"It takes a moment to start up but once this game is in full swing you're making every object in the game bend to your commands. At one point I had an army of fireproof, rail gun weilding corpses with a hivemind following me around acting as my own personal body guards."
,Recommended,323380,17034793,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,elocanth,This is a good game that has the added bonus of having James Urbaniak as one of the lead voice actors.  Buy it!
76561198035222810,Recommended,323380,17035993,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,sylxjian,"What you did there.I see it.And I love it.Beat this pretty handily and pretty quickly, and even got a 10/10 epilogue. Still, I don't feel the purchase is wasted. I really enjoyed not just what they were saying here but what they were *doing*, and I hope it continues in this vein. I purchased this title because I am so very sick of the undelivered promises, the missing cheek we're never given by the early access debacles. I've been in so many disappointing alphas and betas, and I saw so much familiarity here that made me simultaneously facepalm and laugh helplessly. How true. How terribly, beautifully true. How often we are caught between the rabid internet hate machine and the hype, and left with... well... this!At the point I beat it, I found it to be a charming, bitterly funny romp-- and it's not even complete. Funnier to me than to my less-beta-weary-wife, but still. Give it a shot if you like sendups of the oh so serious game process, or just like interesting puzzles with at least a few possible approaches.And for the Steam crowd:Met a dog.Stripped him for parts and messed with his mind.Added helicopter propellors and hellfire jets, and set him to control others nearby.Accidentally left myself listed as an enemy while tinkering, then set him loose.11/10 would karmic barbeque again."
,Recommended,323380,17036065,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Bjort,Definetly one of the more interesting games out there.
,Recommended,323380,17112327,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Zasheir,"If you liked The Stanley Parable, the general combination of first-person puzzles and narration found in Portal 2, or Antichamber, then this game will be right up your alley. There are some truly revolutionary gameplay mechanics to be discovered, but to describe them would be a spoiler in and of itself. The plot is amazing too, and will should resonate with anyone who's followed gaming news within the last decade.The less you know about this game before playing it, the more it will excite and surprise; I would recommend leaping in without doing too much research to experience the magic for yourself."
,Recommended,323380,17115072,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Zespeth,A very solid game with a engaguing story.  A little short for the £15 price tag but i would still recomend for the experiance.  If i could make one change it would be the adition of a sprint button as some of the searching and backtracking can get a little tedious.  Overall a possitive gaming experiance
76561197999496491,Recommended,323380,17093520,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Mattiator,"A strangely brilliant little work, both enjoyable to play and with a great exploration of the subject matter. Likeable characters, lovely atmosphere, and a biting sense of humor. It isn't perfect, but it's got a lot of heart, and I think that's enough."
,Recommended,323380,17096473,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Doom,"Absolutely loved this game! I loved the soundtrack, and the money spent here was well worth it!"
,Recommended,323380,17099798,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Bizarro-Cecelyne,"Novel, but I beat it in 3.9 Hours. Make your decisions accordingly."
,Recommended,323380,17100018,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,The Mind Tool,"Humorous, satirical, intriguing, and most of all, inspiring - The Magic Circle is a game about a broken and unfinished game, but the real story is what's going on outside the game. It surprises you constantly and gets you thinking about things in radical, outside-the-box ways. Despite how quickly I got to the end of itm I would happily replay this to find all the things I missed, and try some alternative solutions.If you like video games and are interested in how they're developed, and the idea of playing around with the development tools of a broken game, using them to solve puzzles, interests you at all, then The Magic Circle is for you."
,Recommended,323380,17100137,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Digital,"The only real con I can put is that it's short.  It feels like it ended very abruptly.But aside from that, what is there is great.  Uniqe mechanics, amusing writing, and a degree of ""Stanley Parable"" style analyzing of the game world.  With a good message to others to try to go out and make some content."
76561198084530977,Recommended,323380,17072986,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Koro,Retro people look censored
76561197970573862,Recommended,323380,17078241,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Zidz,.
76561198057365189,Recommended,323380,17080468,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,CRAZY TAXI,It took a splendid little dough ball of satire and ended up making a rich and tasty calzone. From what I've enjoyed I've gotten invested. Just wish I had more sci-fi space station to roam around in. Low-res space sci-fi tugs on my heartstrings something fierce. Also if you have not eaten a calzone before you're a sad sad human being.
76561198139097865,Recommended,323380,17085140,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Unseelie_Troll,"The less you know about the arc of this game going in the better... Suffice to say it has some incredible voice acting, a thoughtful exploration of the ways games matter, and to whom, and an exceptional way of hammering it's points home. The best experiential game I've played in a long time. Well worth playing, well worth buying."
,Recommended,323380,17188530,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Justin,"Without a doubt, The Magic Circle is one of the greatest games in my Steam library. It runs amazingly, looks fantastic, has a brilliant story, and unique gameplay that I absolutely adore. Try the demo, and if you like it, buy the game, whatever the price, be it on sale or full retail price."
76561198041278659,Recommended,323380,17189319,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,reallitup22,"This has been an amazing experience. I know this will forever be one of my most favorite games. The story was interesting, the voice actors were satisfying, and what I loved most was that the game never saw you as just another character, but as the player. I also gotta admit that there were some goofy bits to the game as well, which added to the story itself. The only thing I was dissappointed by was the length of the game. I spent a good 4 hours on this game from the moment I finished downloading it and once I was done, I wished that the game had more content in it than it already does. I wished for more areas, creatures, programming bits, and more story. But hey, I shouldnt be wishing for more, I should be praising the game as it is. After all, I do believe its an indie game. Anyway, the game was a fantastic experience in my book and I suggest it to all who enjoy taking things apart and putting them back together in your own way.to summarize,PROS+Very open ended environments+Enticing story+Clever gameplay mechanics+you can make something your pet (Clyde <3)+You can make an animal legless. Genuinely legless+Doorbots are a thing+You can upgrade your pets+Alex Mercer's (Skyrim) voice actor is in the game+Challenging, but fun+Gorgeous OverworldCONS-Small-ish game length-one overworld-Exploring is a tad bit tedious-Only two glove optionsNEUTRAL~Trippy as ♥♥♥♥~semi-sad storyline~MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING HIVELINGS~dying is a game mechanicStill one of the greatest games I have ever played in awhile."
76561197979504799,Recommended,323380,17189825,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ate,"I have never reviewed a game, or any product. But this game deserves a review. If you're bored with typical cookie-cutter games which are 99.9% of games today, buy The Magic Circle. It has a creativity matched by games like Psychonauts and Morrowind."
,Recommended,323380,17224777,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Miedgar,"Beautiful Game!Definitely one of the best games I have played in a while!Good and memorable characters, clever puzzles, and superb story with a hidden plot.I wish there was a way to share the end-game creations with other players though.9.7/10If you're interested or like story-rich adventures, get this game."
,Recommended,323380,17227350,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Dalagrath,Good for people who are up to date with gaming politics and enjoy satire. Go in blind and enjoy yourself. 7/10.
,Recommended,323380,16216988,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Uberphish,"Recommendation Caveat: A fair amount of this game's humor value will be lost if you aren't particularly interested in what goes on behind the scenes during the creation of a game, or at the very least some kind of creative collaborative project. It's not that you won't 'get' the jokes, but more that it's mostly a collection of petty squabbles and cross-purposes that likely aren't nearly as funny if you haven't been forced to deal with similar situations in the past.Pros:+ Good writing (with one caveat I'll explain in more depth later)+ Simple mechanics that allow for experimentation and explorationCons:- Requires a bit too much backtracking in a few areas- Quite short (3 Hours for me, with only a bit of wandering around in search of secrets)Your Milage May Vary:* Pokes fun at the clashing of different game development ideologies* Purposefully 'unfinished' aesthetic----It's definitely a fun premise for a game. A man is working on the sequel to an accidental smash hit he made years ago... and has been doing so for more than a decade, with the help of a 'pro-gamer' who helped it gain noteriety in the first place and a super-fan seeking to make the next iteration everything it can possibly be, with or without its originator. You, as a sort of ascended Character Controller, are tasked by an unknown force with moving through what working bits and pieces exist in the game world in order to... well, you don't know what you're trying to do at first, and once you learn the story doesn't develop too much further, so I won't spoil it here.In any event, you quickly gain the ability to hack game assets and frankenstein their abilities into various little minions in order to solve puzzles. It plays this up as something that more or less grants you total power over the world, and for a time it certainly feels that way - stripping the legs off of a dog-creature to bring a mushroom to life and let it follow you around like a loyal pet is fun in a dark, sadistic sort of way - but eventually the novelty wears off and it's clear that the ability has very clear limits, designed specifically to keep you on track and solve puzzles in mostly static ways.But that's okay, at least in my opinion. The system is still fun in and of itself, and it means more attention can be paid to the plot when it pops up. The narrative actually has very little to do with you as the player. instead, it focuses on /why/ the development of the game you inhabit has stalled for Duke Nukem Forever lengths of time, as well as the dissatisfaction with the situation coming to a head amongst the employees. If you have memories of disaster-plagued group projects in high-school, college, or work, it should resonate pretty strongly with you. It's well-written, well-acted, and really encapsulates (in a caricature-ish kind of way) what happens when leading individuals in a creative endeavor have entirely different end goals - or worse, no clear goals whatsoever.This all comes to a head in a somewhat preachy, extremely long-winded speech by the 'esteemed writer' at a not-quite-E3 press event where... lots of things happen that security /really/ should have interrupted. Quickly. Instead of not at all, the way it turns out in the game. It's awkward, really, and is the only bit of the game's writing that honestly had me shaking my head in confusion and apathy.And then it was over, barely three hours into my play session, dropping me into a mode where I could see if I could toss together passable levels using a combination of the game's usual 'throw states on a creature' gameplay and some creative tools. While seemingly good for a mode taped to the end of another game, I'm not sure it was actually something that would pull me back in now that I've completed the story mode.All in all, was it worth $20? Eh... Barely. I definitely enjoyed my experience with the game and recommend it if you're at all interested in game development or creative writing of some sort, but that's a steep price to pay for the amount of content that you don't have to build yourself. If it sounds like it might be up your alley, wait for a sale, but definitely check it out!"
76561198021355439,Recommended,323380,17049772,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Zoop Soup,"A strangely beatiful game of Puzzle Platformer meets Digimon.While it might be short, the puzzles can be tackled in dozens of ways and provides hours of replayability, not to mention the hidden collectibles.Plus the Dev team is probably one of the friendliest to come out of Steam greenlight.Also I made GTA 611/10"
76561198038455981,Recommended,323380,17052130,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,NinjaCmR,unfinished game which is playable and really Fun .... am surprised that they even managed to think of something like that and pull it off !!!Thank you for great game. still playing it .. and i have no clue how it is going to end.
,Recommended,323380,17057567,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,EcksDee,Really nice game 11/10
,Recommended,323380,17057880,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,mman36,"Super interesting story, fascinating mechanics. My main criticism is that it ends so abruptly. Recommended, but not at $19.99; wait until it's under $10."
,Recommended,323380,17069089,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Dedede Megami Tensei: Drum dash,"I have to say this game is fun, and the story is great, but it's a bit short. If you're a person who's going to buy this game, I would suggest waiting until it's 10 dollars or less"
76561198022108703,Recommended,323380,17070199,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,The_Jabberwock,"Very interesting concept, even better execution. Customizable gameplay is a welcome treat."
76561197972172202,Recommended,323380,17071519,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Maybe Taylor,Yes
,Recommended,323380,17071598,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Moleculor,"Holy crap, there's a speech in here that's just... perfect. One of the most unique games I've ever played. Some of the gameplay aspects have been done in other games, but the lore/story/concept is stellar, and takes a few worthwhile turns.Don't read more about this game. Avoiding spoilers is worth it. If you *really* need another reason to buy it, look below.----------MINOR SPOILER-----------If you're ever curious about or fascinated by game design, game crafting, or the games industry, play this game immediately.----------MINOR SPOILER-----------"
76561198003874143,Recommended,323380,17071879,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,badwolfos,"I think it's alright for me to say that I work in the video games industry, though only from the perspective of a QA tester, so I don't know everything about the processes of making a game. I work for a company, I won't say which, that is pretty big and has had a game in development for, while not 20 years, quite some time now.I can't personally relate to the joke The Magic Circle makes of games that have been locked in development hell for one reason or another (in TMC's case the creator's misguided search for perfection), since I've only been with this company for about half a year now, but I did get a pretty big kick out of it, looking sort of from the outside of things.The Magic Circle could be called a critique of the current state of the video games industry, at least the parts of it that delay games indefinitely only to release products that are obviously terrible, as well as making fun of internal developer politics and struggles. There were even a couple of QA jokes I got to enjoy (""Hell hath no fury like a tester scorned""). The game seems to take a crack at just about every video game trend in recent years, from episodic content to streaming let's players, overblown stories and undelivered promises.It's very funny, too, especially in how the game's mechanics of mixing and matching abilities comes to fruition. *HERE THERE BE SPOILERS* a portion of the game requires the manipulation of a live demo; the ""game"" is *supposed* to have the demo hero walk into a room containing a baby, but I was able to manipulate the baby's abilities so that it could fly and breath fire at the demo hero. I'm honestly still laughing about it right now as I type this.The game takes about 3-4 hours to complete, depending on how much time is spent in the end game, but the experience is well worth it."
76561197971164646,Recommended,323380,17009628,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Gozney,"The Stanley Parable meets Hack 'n' Slash meets Sacrifice? It's hard to find comparison as this game is certainly unique. A smart satire on gaming that's also fun to play. It feels very well thought out, with every aspect coming from the central conceit of an unfinished game. I was particularly taken with the dedication to little details, like hearing the music director vocally conducting alongside the soundtrack. It may be short but it has definite replayability. toying with the creatures and powers is entertaining in and of itself and there's secrets to be found. I feel that games that reward experimentation like this are rare and should be praised for the effort."
,Recommended,323380,17016912,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Klovervibe,"A puzzle/exploration game that lasts just about as long as it needs to. No sprint makes moving feel a bit sluggish, but keeps the pretty small map feel a decent size, I guess. My advice: Do the editor at the end. It's a bit of extra story that ties things up pretty well."
,Recommended,323380,17017060,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,[PATCH]MisfitsMK,"clever writing, entertaining voice acting, and a lot of open-ended exploration and the ability to hack a legion of inanimate objects to follow you around like the Sorcerer's Apprentice."
,Recommended,323380,17019008,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Blueberry Muffin Massacre,"Great enviroment, utterly unique premise, hilarious dialogue, incredibly short. This game has maybe 4-5 hours of playtime. I still reccomend it, but just take that into account before buying."
,Recommended,323380,17019188,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Scully,"An absolute joy to play. Being a future game designer, some things I got more than others might, but still definitely a buy for anyone looking for a good, self-aware game about the ups and downs of creating the perfect game."
76561198054136634,Recommended,323380,17020342,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,I dream of corn.,"-Beat the real game-Made my own game-Called it &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;-B1tch loved it""10/10, would make another sequel"""
76561198029578778,Recommended,323380,17021712,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,skyzm,"I've never reviewed a game before, so I'll keep this short.It's one of the coolest, most inventive games you'll ever play. It's hilarious and charming and crazy and dark.You'll do things you've never done in another game before. You want to make a flying dog that loves you? Check. You want to bring a rock to life and make it hate plants? Check. You want to strap a rail gun on a zombie and make him your personal bodyguard? Yes.Buy it, because there's not really a better way to spend 17 bucks."
76561197989358315,Recommended,323380,17021773,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Snow1985,This Game has a great feeling wished they had more reply value  or add episode versions to this game or instead when you build your own dungeons you get to test them instead of the AI system if I was to rate this from 1 to 5 I would give it a 4.5still has alot of improvements they can build on.
,Recommended,323380,17023452,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,iToaster,"...I can't.I can't figure out a way to write a meaningful review of this game. I can't do a long drawn out review without...No.Trust me on this, you are better off going in blind. And trust me, this is a game that you will probably like."
,Recommended,323380,17024166,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Very Disco,"An amazing ride from start finish. The perfect mix of ingenuity and humor, with just the right amount of satire, complete with good gameplay elements."
,Recommended,323380,17568770,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Vyross,"Minor annoyances about the meta-story aside, I got a kick out of this game. It satirizes pretty much all aspects of the videogame industry, while still being a playable, enjoyable puzzle game. If you're into fourth-wall breaking experimental games, pick it up."
76561197974287563,Recommended,323380,17638980,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,MadCat13,"Ok, so I have somewhat odd tastes when it comes to games.One thing that usually catches my eye (ear?) is good voicework.  I'm a sucker for good voicework that helps to pull me into the game (the Legacy of Kain series comes to mind), and I have to say that this game has some of the best voicework that I've heard in a long, long time.Another plus is the premise.  I was aware of Hack 'n Slash before this game, so I know the concept isn't totally original, but it's very well done and feels very much like being inside an incomplete game.  So far, I've just finished the trade show section and I was rolling in the floor by the end of it.Also, I have fire-breathing parasitic teleporter pads that follow me around and do my bidding.  So yeah, that makes me happy!"
,Recommended,323380,17515443,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Shigbeard_,"This game is an excellent benign satire on game development, and presents interesting puzzles.In fact, the game even refers to it as Muppet Sex."
,Recommended,323380,17791625,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,JeffTehBuck,Hits the same frequency with me as The Stanley Parable and Portal 2 does. I love the music. I love the creature design and how they change when attributes are changed. Great voice talent as well.
76561198041364161,Recommended,323380,17781962,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Absolute Rubbish,"Beautiful, charismatic, and an insightful look at the pain staking challenge of game design. 10/10"
,Recommended,323380,17685842,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ethyne,"Hmm, I enjoyed it, but it became a bit stale towards the end because of the gameplay. From a Computer Science perspective, I really enjoyed the story and humor of it."
,Recommended,323380,17686468,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Sacheverell,"This was a marvelous game. I don't want to spoil it more than necessary, so to summarize:It's a game about games, where you make a game from inside an unfinished game. There is clever commentary. You can make flying attack dogs.Seriously, this was a gem of a find, definitely worth picking up!"
,Recommended,323380,17313284,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,FriendCalledFive,"This is a wonderful game that will be a stong GOTY 2015 contender for me.It is an extremely difficult game to describe, so I urge everyone to at least try the demo. While the demo doesn't do much to flesh out the central game mechanic, I can say if you like the demo, you will probably like the game. There will be a lot of (unimaginative) people who will hate the demo and need not worry about the game.It is beautifully surreal, there is loads of it that is bats**t crazy and half the time I had no idea what was going on, but it was a fantastic journey while it lasted.Pros: Great atmosphereFantastic game mechanic for progressionGame mechanic of editing NPC's is awesomeMakes you thinkMakes you grin inanelyCons: Lacks a direction for the player, I didn't mind it, but I can see some who are used to linear games may find it off puttingThe central game mechanic is stunningly clever, but there are precious few opportunites to need it. Just as I got all the attributes I needed and was ready to put it into action, the game moved into its endphase which is completely different.The end is rather meta and self indulgent, it wouldn't have been so abrupt and disapointing if there had been more of a world to explore and puzzles to solve.Overall, I loved this game, but would love to see an expansion pack/sequel that would give further opportunity to explore the potential for emergent gameplay that the core mechanic would facilitate."
,Recommended,323380,17315448,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Soul,"I love it.Honestly, this is one of my favorite games of all time.I played it for 2 minutes and thought: Wow.Would love to see more content or a sequel of some sort sometime.Pros:- Gotta love the soundtrack.-The humor was awesome.- The gameplay made me feel like I was breaking all the rules, even though I knew everything was intended.- The whole idea is very fresh and completly unexplored. Very novel.Cons:- Would have liked some more content for 20 $/€, though I can understand the length due to having to test everything                   because of the creative and open nature of the game.Overall, I give it 9/10."
,Recommended,323380,17318490,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MrEricSir,"As someone who followed the development of Duke Nukem Forever for the first five years or so, The Magic Circle feels incredibly cathartic.  There's a point where the relationship between creator and consumer can become constrained by the perfectionism of the creator; this game captures that dynamic in a unique and unexpected fashion."
76561198142306564,Recommended,323380,17335814,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Gabardine,"First off, this game is BRILLIANT!The Magic Circle is a game where you, the gamer, are well... gaming? The story starts with you joining this shadow of a finished game. You are greeted by the game's creator and soon learn that he just won't let the game be finished. As time progresses you, the HERO gain the ability to give deleted items and creatures life! Armed with your abilties and a sarcastic all knowing prisioner; you finish what the creator started.This game combines story, sandbox, and immersion tactics to really make you feel like the HERO. The sandbox aspect come from the players ability to change what has been deleted. You can mix and match creature parts to solve puzzles.There were some parts in the story that left me scratching my head. Because the game has a sandbox aspect, a player can wander around with little knowledge of where to go to progress the story.Looking at the game as a whole, I would give it a 9/10. It is funny, entertaining, and creative."
76561197993598469,Recommended,323380,17345487,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Casey5,Game not finished. Graphics are a tossup between the original System Shock and Skyrim. WTF.
,Recommended,323380,17363284,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,numinit,This is one of the most interesting games I have ever played.
,Recommended,323380,17327925,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Muskie,"To wrap your head around The Magic circle is to change your outlook just slightly.Don't think like the player character in a videogame.Think like thePlayer, playing the videogame."
76561198218800792,Recommended,323380,17330847,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Rhinopotomus,"I played the demo and immediately had to get it. It's a bit of a mind♥♥♥♥, as it's not like other games. I found it to be very original and, hey, Rusty Venture as a game dev was pretty cool. It's mildly challenging as it tells you to kill the boss and then just leaves you, so you have to figure it out for yourself. But, as the originality of the game is that it let's you edit parts of the game, there are many ways to acheive your objective.The ending seemed a bit like a minigame and was kind of lackluster, but overall I found it to be very enjoyable."
,Recommended,323380,18178912,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,PYROMANT|C,"he Magic Circle demonstrates in a beautifully satirical way the agony that is game development. The world is expertly crafted to resemble a pre-alpha game that’s a mash of too many ideas, all coexisting in the same code base which end up mashing together in unintended ways. This is reflected in the game play which is based around messing with things and changing up behaviours so you can access things you otherwise wouldn’t be able to. The story is one that definitely has a specific target audience in mind and, whilst it might not be for everyone, definitely plays to its strengths as a piece of commentary on the industry. It might not meet my criteria for a must-play game for everyone but if, like me, you feel like a part of the greater games industry, then there’s definitely a lot to like in The Magic Circle.Read my full review here:https://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2015/09/25/the-magic-circle-perfectionism-vs-fandom/"
76561198042111099,Recommended,323380,18196367,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,zzender1,Exceptionally written and excecuted. I enjoyed this game far more than I expected I would and found myself laughing out loud at some of the great dialog and story.
76561197997796219,Recommended,323380,18167556,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Tasseographer,"(Slight Spoilers)The Magic Circle is a work of anti-art.This game is almost like a counterargument to The Stanley Parable, another game-about-games which pointed out the lack of free will and the predestination of narrative in games.  A tenth of the way in, there is even a similar title-screen fake-out that feels like a direct homage.  But The Magic Circle isn't about the illusion of choice.  It's about making games fun, and the complex relationship between making games and playing them.  And it's not as pretentious as The Stanley Parable-- if anything, it pokes fun at that element of ""art games.""Is The Magic Circle a fun game?  I certainly enjoyed myself.  It's not particularly difficult, or long, but it backs up its sometimes-subtle, sometimes-blunt statements about what motivates players by living by them.  Exploration, choice, challenge, reward, cool powerups.  It's a nonlinear game about lateral thinking.  You're really free to solve most puzzles however you can get the mechanics handed to you to work.The game's aesthetic is beautiful, and keeps surprising you throughout.  James Urbaniak, Ashly Burke, Karen Dyer and Stephen Russell are obviously some incredible voice talent.I really enjoyed it, and highly recommend it."
76561197960317828,Recommended,323380,18156420,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Momo Mango,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrnEUK86dyIThis is bloody brilliant. I dont get why i didn´t hear anything about it for about 3 months. Check out my (german) Lets Play and buy if afterwards!
76561198024939215,Recommended,323380,18154766,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,thenomain,"Meta gaming at its best. Who are we, as gamers? Why do we play video games? If you are looking for philosophical gaming, Frag (combat) vs. Brag (story), it's worth a play."
,Recommended,323380,17760479,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,colEbalt,Let me say something to begin wih if your going to buy this game wait for a sale the game is not worth it's $20price tag for only about 3 hrs of game time.BUT! with that said this game is one of the most refreshing things I've played in awhile.It's mechanics are soild and interesting and the world aswell the story are breath taking.Story: The story is about a game that is a sequel to an old text based adventure game that has been in the development hell for the past ten years. You asume the role of a Beta tester who is contacted by the protagonist of the original version of the game. Whose goal is to ruin the game in any way possible. The story takes a few different twists and turn having you venture to E4 and into 8-bit sci-fi settings. Aswell you can discover other elements of the story scattered in glitchy objects and audio logs. Overall the story is phenomenal and I loved it. 9/10Visuals: They are amazing! Having all the textures be unfinished sketches but with colored versions appearing around you and your allies was a great Idea. 9/10Gameplay: It's good and interesting but slowly gets a boring after awhile with little to no chages to the formula. The way it works is you can take attributes form some enemies and stitch them onto other creatures to create new allies. However there is only so many time is it's fun to have a howler fly around and breath fire on a guy with 4 heads. The game also has great emphasis on exploration with stuff such as in game dev logs and Life upgrades. 8/10Final thoughts: The magic circle is great but is a little too short for the price paid and the gameplay can become a little stale. But I must stress this game is still wort you time and if you can find it on sale it is a game worth owning.8.5/10
,Recommended,323380,17550058,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,You Smell So Intelligent,"I'M NOT GOING TO MENTION THE STORY AS I WANT THE PLAYER TO EXPERIENCE IT BY HIMSELF EITHER UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF DRUGS OR NOT UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF ANYTHING AT ALL.HAVE you ever come across an individual that's incredibly random, abstract, creative, witty, likes to think that ""rainbow dolphins"" exist and that life consists of twentyhundred elements as well as making unusual connections that somehow seem to make sense and no sense at the same time?!?!  Yep, If that person were a game, it would be this one.First off, why isn't The Magic Circle more popular? This game is (IF NOT) the most eccentric, (LET ME MENTION CREATIVE AGAIN),  fantastic, open-minded (way too open-minded till your brains fall out kinda' thing) humorous playthrough I have ever touched. The story is pretty frickin' compelling too. Note that I USUALLY get bored of games real quick, but this one just makes you wallow in yet more mindless emotionalism every step of the way, and it will make you question your existence.When you're tucked in bed at night and you're brainstorming endless scenarios, this game will leave a mark on you. Not an emotional mark, but an unusual mark that keeps you up at night asking yourself ""WHO THE HELL CAME UP WITH THIS?! AND WHY IS IT SO PERFECT?! AND WHY AM I THINKING ABOUT IT?!"".I can't recommend it enough, I mean EVEN THE PAUSE MENU IS FRICKIN' AWESOME.HOWEVER, I don't recommend this game for individuals who have no flexibility or capacity for imagination and tolerance of others with abstract views or perspectives or anything creative.11/10 for me.9/10 for individuals.WHAT?!?!/10 for individuals with no imagination."
,Recommended,323380,17680171,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,XinoStitches,-throws corpse at the wall for 1 hour- I can't doI can't gameI guess I'm just really bad at puzzle games...
,Recommended,323380,18154896,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,The Lousy Sniper,"A fantastic and silly game that makes you feel like your actualy part of itbefore i start if you want to see my lets play checkout the link here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFV93Gm28jU6WTq96L44nTNd8ppwV2tIjGame PlayThe campaign itself is fun has rather simple. The controls dont take much time to get used to,but thats only half the game. where this game really shines is the rpg game maker after the campaign is complete. the simple tools are more than able to work with a variety of stories.just a quick note as i played this during the early access so a lot of the complaints have been fixed.Storythe game begins with a dev team working on the story for the new magic circle game (getting super meta here) and playing the opening sequence, only to be hijacked by the lead story writer and turning the hole game on its head. after playing through the playtest area you meet a mysterious friend that helps you get things back on track and ready to reveal the game at the next E4"
,Recommended,323380,18161682,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Emotional Rick,"This game is one of the best games i've ever played.It's like no other, but i'm am not gonna say too much because of spoilers."
,Recommended,323380,18226434,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ChefBoyarde,"its p cool, good concept but a little confusing at first if you dont pay attention"
76561198042105634,Recommended,323380,18163989,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Verdant Rapture,"Warning: Doesn't work with 3dVisionOtherwise, I would recommend this game, even with only .4 hours currently on record.  The humor has been fairly decent and it's rather beautiful in its use of mostly greys with splashes of color waiting to be found.  The only gameplay element I'd like to see changed is a 'run' button.  I've played too many games that make themselves longer, simply by forcing me to walk at a snail's pace.  I'll get to the places I want to sit and stare at; just don't expect me to be patient getting there. :P"
,Recommended,323380,16610496,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Irongrave,"Extremely well written, unusual and amusing game.  You are trapped playing an unfinished game and interact with the creators and hinjinks occur."
,Recommended,323380,16612609,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,keyofw,"I got to try the demo for this game at PAX 2014, and I was blown away. I immediately called my friends at the event and told them to get their asses up to the indie booth to check it out. It's the perfect mix of meta-humor, plain dry humor, retro gaming, and... actually, I didn't think of a fourth thing before I started writing this, but whatever that fourth things is, this game has it. Perhaps it even has a fifth thing. The fact you're still reading this and not buying the game is somewhat disappointing, though, so stop filtering through the reviews and just play already."
,Recommended,323380,16754080,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Stealthxero,"The Magic Circle is as much an allegory about the games industry as much as it is a game in and of itself. In the game you are a player character that is trapped inside a game that will never be finished. Your goal? Well that is not quite clear in the beginning. Exploration of the world, and who you are, are the main driving forces early on. As the story develops you begin to learn the fate of the people who were working on the game, and where everything went wrong.The game likes to play with your expectations and uses the fact that you are in a broken, unfinished game, to play with the idea of bugs and glitches. That is why when the game crashed on me one time, I thought it was part of the game.Overall I have enjoyed my time with The Magic Circle. With a unique mash-up of art styles, witty and funny characters, and a combat system more like Pokemon than a first person action game, The Magic Circle is a game that anyone can enjoy.Similar Titles:Portal 2The Stanley ParableThe Talos PrincipleIf you would like to see more of the game, check out my Indie Showcase of The Magic Circlehttps://youtu.be/7KKd7tcJs3k"
,Recommended,323380,16221776,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Ameen,"As a game developer myself, I just love the concept."
,Recommended,323380,16218805,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Badwolf Baelliin,"Definitely recommend, really cool and unique concept."
76561198025173623,Recommended,323380,19324068,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kobold,Came for James Urbanik. Stayed for the deep character interplay and dark humor aproach to video game development tropes.
,Recommended,323380,19327926,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Reimu Hakurei,"I can say enough about this game but for now let's start here. This game is a masterpiece, it places you right in the middle of it's story which gets super meta and put alongside a soundtrack which captures the setting perfectly. So in conclusion The Magic circle is a little hidden gem with free-form puzzles and a great message. Therefore GET IT."
76561198013877022,Recommended,323380,19242849,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Coronis,"I am of two minds on The Magic Circle because there are some things it does really well and some things it suffers tremendously on.On the good areas, the graphical design is quite impressive, the sound aesthetic is pleasing, and the overall presentation is phenomenal. Moreover, the story is excellently done. The characters are well developed, believable and thoroughly entertaining to listen to, with top-notch voice acting that makes the dialog thoroughly hilarious to listen to.Unfortunately, when it comes to the gameplay aspects, a dozen little annoyances come up and begin pestering you like dogs nipping at your heels.The biggest, in my opinion, being a lack of a decent way to organize your minions. By the time you reach the mid-game, you will have recruited a small army of mobs and only be able to scroll through them one at a time or by searching through whatever in your immediant field of view, which bogs the pacing down tremendously.The second being that in the in-game hacking minigame it can be difficult to tell whether the option you are hovering over is the one you are attempting to select or the one right below it, and can easily accidently select the wrong button and have to retry the entire section. An indicator to show whatever you are currently posed over would make a world of difference.Thirdly is that some of the puzzles can be quite unintuitive, especially if you are going for 100% completion and are attempting to micromanage an army at the same time, related to point 1, above.None of these points are dealbreakers, but they what could have been an amazing game merely good, and it also is worth bearing in mind that at 20$ for an experience that lasts four hours, fans who are hoping for a longer experience are going to likely wind up disappointed.One final note is that it takes a minimum of two full playthroughs to gain all the acheviements, which I feel is an unfortunate design choice for a humor-focused title such as this. The old adage about a joke never being as funny the second time you hear it rings true in this situation, especially since if someone has already found all of the hidden extras, they are unlikely to want to replay the story again just for completion sake.That being said, I did enjoy my time playing the magic circle, most especially due to the stellar voice acting the cast put on. The story is definitely the highlight here, and I would recommend it to those who enjoy meta-commentary based games such as The Stanley Parable.8/10. Overall postitive recommendation"
,Recommended,323380,19322171,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,bjorn_altenburg,Fun short game. Buy it if your into short comedy games.
,Recommended,323380,19351870,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dapper Wolf,"Price is a bit steep considering the shortness of play time, however the final product is incredibly well done. It takes a certain level of skill to create a finished product that deliberately looks unfinished without being poorly made.Voice acting was top notch."
76561197983708313,Recommended,323380,19361738,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ultimate Mayhem,"This is a very great game...The story,The creativitybut...there are way to manay bugs and it crashes alot.i was right at the end of the game then it crashed."
76561198109181565,Recommended,323380,19426925,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Psirrus,A great innovative and creative game. I only wish it was longer and more in depth.
76561198041996684,Recommended,323380,19346731,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,calo,"Great experience, the best meta fictionnal video game I've played.It starts as a fun idea to play ""behind the curtain"" and ends up (no spoilers) delivering interesting messages about creation (oh, and a few ""open"" puzzles too)."
76561197972303388,Recommended,323380,19095489,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Spooky 95.2,"I'd recommend this game, but I mainly left this comment as a guide for people who want to restart the game after entering the level editor stage. All you need to do is search your hard drvie for a file called ""PROgress"" something or other, then go back a few folders until you can see that it came from a folder called ""Questions"". Delete that folder then the game restarts! have a nice day!"
,Recommended,323380,20224855,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jex,"Modern art is eating itself alive. This is not necessarily a bad thing; this is a meta thing. Comic books are self-referential, and more characters than ever break the fourth wall. Anime about making anime is self-aware and self-consuming. We now have video games, like Undertale, that know they're a game. This is also one of that character.The Magic Circle contends with itself as a game in the making, displaying all the petty gluttony of a developing studio for the attention they want, the accolades they think they deserve, and all the bloody underthings of the human nature of creation. If you think that sounds pretentious, I apologize. The narrative exposes itself through the gameplay, which in turn exposes the gameplay narrative? What are all these words?The gameplay is a metapuzzle, solutions arising from the game framework itself.:( Just play it. I don't have enough words to describe this to you."
76561198041571232,Recommended,323380,20189651,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Xan,"I woke up at 7:30 am bored and unable to sleep, and decided to give this game a try.  I didn't leave the PC until the afternoon and I had completed the story.  I highly recommend this game, the voice acting is amazing and the story really sucks you in. I found the gameplay to be original and the controls were not hard to figure out."
76561198123383756,Recommended,323380,24119052,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ragepaintballer,"The Magic Circle was indeed magical, for those sick of playing the same old kind of games and looking to play something different the magic circle is a must. Now I am not saying go out and pay full price, due to it being a really short game I would recommend getting it on sale. It has flying turtles need I say more?"
76561198002187874,Recommended,323380,24328837,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Maeldi,"Great voice acting, cool story, tight experience. Everything I hoped for based on earlier reviews.It feels like we are living in a renaissance in gaming; this is one of the games thats part of that trend.If you have never played a game, then this is not for you ;)"
,Recommended,323380,24470692,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,~Digit~,"This game, though rather short, is unexpectedly fun. That combined with the interesting story and characters gets it a thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,323380,23282182,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,RoboFonzy,"The Magic Circle is an experiment in control. It allows the player to control certain aspects of the game world that they find themselves in such as enemy capabilities. This is the extent of control that you get as a player but through this limited amount of control you can do almost anything you wish. It's this confinement that breeds creativity. While the writing early on can be a bit awkward the game's story really shines as you find audio logs that flesh out the characters and change logs that show the dynamic between gameplay and art. The only problem I ran into with the game itself was that it was too short, and this just stems from a desire to play more. Overall this game is an amazing look into game design and development hell that can be funny and sad at the same time."
76561198028831024,Recommended,323380,23727364,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zaeblack,Excellent story and satire. The gameplay is quite fun and rewarding too.
,Recommended,323380,20010935,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zenel,"Well... I guess, this game deserves a short review from me, something quite uncommon. It is hard to describe it without spoiling the fun of exploring it yourself, but I will try my best at doing the first without doing the latter.This game's focus is story first and foremost. Gameplay, while not being bad, is obviously a mere tool to the narrative. In that regard it is akin to the ""The Beginner's Guide"" or ""The Stanley Parable"", though gameplay is a little bit more complicated in this one. It is relatively unique, basically putting a limited developer editing tools at your disposal in order to ""bend"" the otherwise unwinnable game to your benefit. At the same time, the game itself is relatively short (as it is evident from my time played) and doesn't expand on the idea a whole lot. Aside from collectibles and some mutually exclusive achievements, there is little replayability of note in this case.My verdict is - buy it if you're interested in a short story-driven experience. I feel it does deserve the money. Do take into account the shortness and lack of proper replayability. Maybe you'll want to wait for the sale offer, as much as my heart bleeds saying that. I genuenly believe that developers do deserve the money for this one. I also believe, that the game could do with more content and some other changes."
,Recommended,323380,20060814,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lt.Krunch,This is a great game that uses  satire as a tool to shine a light on what is wrong with the games industry; it shines that light on both developers and fanatical gamers alike. It's got a great open world; which although small does have a respectable amount of content in the exploration and puzzle department. If you enjoy games such as Anti-Chamber or The Stanley Parable chances are you will enjoy what this game has to offer. I highly recommend it!
76561198212455095,Recommended,323380,24428402,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Patrick Ramsey,"From what I saw it was a great game, however my only problem (My fault mostly) was lag."
,Recommended,323380,22327258,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jacob,Fun game with a great narrative. Left me wanting more and a bigger world.
76561198116789109,Recommended,323380,24714672,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,superhobomonkey,"This game is great. I highly recommend up until the point of beating it. After that it's kinda boring. Even before you win, it's kinda boring. Wash, rinse, repeat. Find creature, trap creature, edit creature, repeat.Plot line is incredibly interesting. Hands down. One of the best game plotlines I have seen.SummaryIf you want a time consumer with interesting plotline I recommend.If you are looking for a fun, adventures game full of nonstop action, don't buy this game."
,Recommended,323380,25390397,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kompadre,"Throwing teleportation-enabled legless fireproof cyber-rats at a sky♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Also great story, voice acting and stuff."
,Recommended,323380,24646089,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Nixon4040,Never Have I felt so shoked about how an unfinished game could tell stories as well as shakespere
76561198025288225,Recommended,323380,24552341,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Okapi,"Cool concept. Some puzzle elements, but can't really be lumped into any genre. Good writing/voice acting. Highly original."
76561198037006295,Recommended,323380,27366338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magnanimous,"Short game, but very special.I only got five hours out of it, but they were unlike anything I've ever played.I didn't like the ending though..4/5"
,Recommended,323380,27371659,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shadowbag,"A cute, fun, well polished meta game. Despite taking place in a rather ♥♥♥♥♥♥, broken game environment, I rarely felt too frustrated at what I needed to accomplish, and that was more only because I was apparently insisting on doing it in the most bizarre, asinine way possible.The voice acting is spot-on, and my time in the game didn't feel wasted at all. While I wouldn't say its worth 20 bucks, its definitely a good game to grab on sale."
76561197983323402,Recommended,323380,27032292,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Major Glitch,"A little puzzle game that gets meta about the industry. It's interesting, fun, has some great voice acting - I will never get sick of listening to James Urbaniak rant. It won't compete with any AAA title coming out, but is unique and has enough of an interesting story to be memorable."
,Recommended,323380,23677868,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Beardisys,"So far I have only played the first few moments, and I've enjoyed what I've seen and will do a more robust review once done.The main reason I'm giving a psitive review right now (beyond that I already love the concept), though, is due to how dedicated the Devs are to helping their customers. I had an issue that they personally responded to and provided extensive help within a couple hours of posting it.This is an examplary showcase of the passion and dedication of these Devs, which I am excited to see translated into their work! Check back for my full review!"
,Recommended,323380,23653625,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Hemmels,"A very engaging and fun ""exploration/adventure"" game, with a slight lean towards programming, or game-glitch finding. If anything, a bit too short, and some weird ""what do I do here...oh nothing"" moments, which sets a story, but leaves you unfulfilled when it ends.Some brief achievements hunts are left around, but I was left wanting more. The mini-game at the end to try and make a 10/10 game is fun for a bit, but the ""pro"" guide is buggy enough for this game to be worth between £5-8, but not more due to lack of replayability and brevity.Don't get me wrong, there's a lot of fun to be had, but I wish it was longer."
76561198027738623,Recommended,323380,23645146,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,severin44,"An amazing experience from start to finish! The Magic Circle is a stylistic adventure game / light puzzler, It's a game that combines good gameplay with amazing story telling for an overall fantastic package. The gameplay essentially revolves around breaking the game's inital ruleset through built in mechanics. That won't make much sense until you've played it, but if you ever got kicks out of using no-clip in a game and exploring all the places you weren't supposed to see then this is right up your alley.The plot exists on many levels, from a basic look a dev' team stuck in development hell, to an instrospective and existential view of all gamers and why we play the games we do. All this, complete with easily the best voice acting I've heard in a game of this size.I was able to beat the game with 95% of the collectibles in about 5 hours, which I think was the perfect length. It also means that people who don't enjoy the gameplay can still experience the story with relatively little effort.I highly reccomend this as a lesson to all people interested in game design or a perfect afternoon experience.Play if you've liked games such as 'The Stanley Parable'."
,Recommended,323380,23645286,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Misanthropic Drunken Loner,"Pretty good game, story absolutely blew me away. Gameplay was... interesting, not for everyone really, but I had a good time.Graphics were pretty. VERY pretty, especially for such a recent title.Audio was... awesome, better than a few tripple-a titles, imo. voice-acting was wonderous.Now. lets talk replayability, I kind of rushed through the story, played the endgame a little. the main story is rather short, and, unless you're a completionist, almost trivial (you can run through it, for the most part) the endgame has you creating short ""episodes"" and watching what people think, its fun the first few times, but it gets old, fast. It also allows you to go back to the ""hub"" and collect more creatures/parts, this is nice for completionists, but I never used it.Overall. great game 8/10"
76561198015403418,Recommended,323380,23643180,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,dracos24,"A strange, alien, and unique experience. I can't recommend playing the demo highly enough.The gameplay is openended without strict ""solutions"" to the obstacles you face, almost to the point of it being a liability, but if you accept that this is a fairly short game/experience from the start, then you'll find it an enjoyable day or two's experience.Steam says this game took me 3 hours, but I'm guessing that doesn't include the previous time spent in the portion covered by the demo."
76561198065308344,Recommended,323380,23660152,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dr.Fauxnom,"The beginning middle part of The Magic Circle can get a bit boring, but if you get through it, you're in for a strange but satisfying ending."
76561198201897514,Recommended,323380,23660845,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Learn It,Flew a turtle to the top of a giant hand. Made a baby fly with a railgun in its mouth as 10+ of his own gards sliced him to death. 10/9
,Recommended,323380,24071838,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,squidfeatures,"Well written, wry take on game development, and the nature of game / player interaction.  The puzzles are not too challenging, and it is fairly short; I spent under 12 hours completing the game and all achievements.Still, it's a fun game, great acting, and a pretty interesting game mechanic."
76561198064276278,Recommended,323380,23927784,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Vuld_Edone,"I went in expecting a ""Stanley Parable"" experience, but eventually it was just a linear puzzle game. For as far as I like it, it doesn't make me want to return and try and find the secrets or even complete one achievement.The characters are great, the story is fun and the mechanics have good ideas but most of the game is linear and when I could finally move around I discovered how badly needed a sprint button was. It looks nice but felt empty at times and while I tried breaking the simulation at first I quickly gave up, it's what the game wants but the design discourages it.As said, I expected a metagame with a fresh and new experience, and it tried, but eventually it's more like ""just a puzzle game"" that didn't exploit its theme in full."
76561198034224731,Recommended,323380,23995838,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,vomfeuerbach,"What a wonderfull, surprising and creative game!Loved every minute of it´s surreal riddles and could have sworn afterwards, that it lasted for only about four hours - even if stats claim something about 13h... ;-)Great work!"
,Recommended,323380,23854639,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Raydric Drakenheim,"Great game!+Very interesting playstyle and mechanics!+Artstyle is wonderful.+Great storyline! The ending is just.....wow.- A bit confusing with some of the puzzles but it really makes you think outside the box for the solutions.- Somewhat limited skills, little use of ""late game"" skills.Flight- Quite a bit of walkingif you don't use fast travel- Limited replayability.Overall, fun and intriging experience. 7/10"
76561198087387650,Recommended,323380,23640037,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mr.crk,"This game is really fun and unique, and is a great commentary on video game development and the development hell that isnt uncommon in the industry, as well as the fact that I am an Ashly Burch fan, and only on my second playthrough realized she voices Coda. But all in all, this is a great game that I would definetly recommend, but I do wish it was longer, as in the second playthrough, if you aren't getting all the collectibles, can be finished in about an hour."
76561198049125458,Recommended,323380,23719800,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,bandwidthh,"Wonderful gem of a story....voice acting amazingly done, graphics and synthesis of old/new, many relevant themes of the industry today. Love it!"
,Recommended,323380,23761324,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,roastchicken,"Very interesting game. Not exactly difficult, but rewarding. If you enjoy metagames (think Stanley Parable) or sandbox games, you'll like this. I'd call it a Stanley Parable where you're really in control."
,Recommended,323380,23613568,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Jareth,"I like the idea, and it's done beautifully. I can't say it's full of content as of now, most of the stuff you just watch, as opposed to do (I've been playing for about an hour), but it's relaxing and easy on the eyes."
76561197988487053,Recommended,323380,23638218,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Commanderori,"A short (3-4hr) but amusing deconstruction of making a videogame.Also, you can ride an army of railgun armed flying rocks into battle. I cant think of another game that has let me do that."
,Recommended,323380,23781589,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Oafish Walrus,"The games short,You can finish it in about 3-4 hours.The game is a great view into how a game can just keep getting caught in the BS of it's lead, while also being fun and creative from the view of the game itself. The audio logs are enjoyable and most of the characters are entertaining. Coda's dialogue near the end is SUPER CRINGY, but she's voiced by Ashly Burch, so par for the course. But besides that great game. Ended the game on a fleet of hive mind flying rocks with rail guns. 8/10"
,Recommended,323380,34090348,Posted: 7 August,all,Darkestnight,"One of the few games that has held my attention from beginning to end. Lots of different combinations available to mess around with, there's no one right way of playing it. The narrative was genuinely interesting, and I found myself stopping in game to give the story my full attention rather than just continuing and listening with half an ear. Different challenges related to the furthering the plot and to getting particular achievements forced me to think creatively and critically which was really nice rather than being spoon fed a single solution. There's a lot of replayability thanks to the game mechanics that allow for various solutions, but once you've done everything possible and left no rock unturned (quite literally) it can take a while to recover and find the drive to play it again. There can be moments with nothing going on inbetween, just moving about without any action or narrative which can be a little mundane, but all in all an excellent game that can be beaten in a few hours, and definitely worth a play."
76561198050580638,Recommended,323380,35124008,Posted: 22 September,all,RonRon,Really interesting!
,Recommended,323380,35141671,Posted: 22 September,all,Mr_Cake_Fingers,"'The Magic Circle' a skill juggling puzzle game with light strategy elements, its key focus being a satirical look at the games industry. The developers, the fans, the players. As well as that, the game presents what feels like a quite genuine examination of why art is made, not only that, but the unhealthy practices and mental gymnastics that develop in an undeveloped artist. That, along with the way in which the game (which is primarily dark comedy satire) manages to hold up a very engaging narrative and multiple sub plots, all within the space of 3 hours, and do it all really well, was extremely surprising. I went into the game for some laughs and some interesting mechanics and came out of it having experienced a very rich and surprising narrative as well, I don't want to say too much, because I think some of the turns the plots take are worth just experiencing. That mess of words up the top ""skill juggling puzzle game with light strategy elements"" is the easiest way I can describe what is and develops into throughout the game, a very well designed set of mechanics that seamlessly work and compliment one another and the narrative. The mechanics manage to be deep, story driven, highly based on player agency and choice, satisfying and most of all fun.Its been a while since I've played a game that so well hits its marks!Really awesome, highly recommend people check it out!(p.s. I do really need to go through it again because I can feel the ideas and concepts that it presented getting away from me, but more than anything, I'd say thats some evidence of how well constructed it is...in a way)"
,Recommended,323380,35023653,Posted: 17 September,all,The_Parasite,"The Magic Circle, is a strange game.You play a game within a game, and experience the story of the game’s development and its founder while moving through the world, cutting it up and stitching it together again as you see fit, by pulling properties out of objects and forcing them into others e.g. changing a mushroom to attack enemies with a railgun.Pros:* Unique setting and story* The cut and paste mechanic is pretty cool* There is no “right” way to solve most puzzles, you can make your ownCons:* The “unfinished” graphics style probably isn’t for everyone.Recommendation:If you like games that are a bit strange or experimental, such as e.g. Evoland, you will probably like this as well, and I’d recommend buying now.Otherwise I’d recommend buying it on sale and try it out anyway."
76561198128802273,Recommended,323380,34733053,Posted: 4 September,all,unoso,"I got this on sale for $5.99. Finished in just over 6 hours all in one day. I don't know if it would have been worth the full $20 price.BUT it was definitely worth $6! Great game. The closest thing I can think to compare it to is Portal. The fundamental mechanic is different, you piece together parts and abilities from creatures. Portal also had some really tough puzzles whereas the puzzles here are generally less challenging and have multiple solutions.For me, however, Portal was more about exploration. I loved the world and the narrative and I had a sense of wonder the entire time. And in that sense The Magic Circle is a spiritual successor. I was always excited to see what was around a bend. There were a few locked doors and when I found a way to the other side of those doors I was excited and felt accomplished. It is just a very tightly designed, well done game. If the price is right you should play it. It won't be a game you play every day for years or anything, but you will enjoy it and remember it."
,Recommended,323380,34722809,Posted: 3 September,all,fst911,"story 10. gameplay 10 (for flying fire breatnig zombie with hive mind). atmosphere 11/10 (for sci-fi rooms and music).Awesome and short just as my own game 9/10 If you know what i mean... (=Buy with 70% sale, and think, have no regrets if buy for full price!And now i want to do own system shock XD"
,Recommended,323380,34697612,Posted: 2 September,all,Simulacrat,Bizarre and utterly unique. An acerbically humourous/tragic attack on some of the horrors involved in making games; also involves a very interesting puzzle dynamic.
,Recommended,323380,35251417,Posted: 27 September,all,Gunpuppy,"A very meta rapid little romp in a game where you, as a character, rebel against the devs.And if you couldn't tell from the trailers, voice-acting is top notch. A1.It takes about 4 hours to play this game from start to finish, and frankly? Just the right amount of time.And though a bit small and short and making you want more, it's ending on a very high note, praise-worthy of all positive comments."
76561198095788185,Recommended,323380,35508090,Posted: 5 October,all,CaptainGroin,"Very interesting game. I allowed myself to get sucked into it when I first started, and I found it to be a great adventure full of creativity.However, the replay value is low, in my opinion. I'm tired of the plot and gameplay, but that doesn't mean that it wasn't a fantastic experience the first time through."
