user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,323320,14482045,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Cade,"A stealth release outta nowhere by a small team working within Ubisoft to create good games(maybe a rebel group making non-buggy games without tons of DLC and giant day one patches?),Grow Homeslipped under many people's radar, perhaps overshadowed by bigger games released around the same time. That's unfortunate, because Grow Home is a fantastic 3D platformer (a mostly-dead genre treading water with few and far between indie releases) that does basically everything right. I'd hesitate to call it a masterpiece, but the core mechanics, (simple) story, and charming aesthetic (not to mention the absurdly low price) easily bump it into the everyone-should-give-this-a-try tier. Let's break it down.GameplayA smaller game like this, with no budget to craft twenty hours of cutscenes and grandiose sweeping plots full of twists and turns, lives and dies on gameplay alone. Fortunately, in this area, Grow Homeexcels. The game starts you off simply: left trigger to grab with your left hand, right trigger to grab with your right. After a few shaky climbs up cliffs, you start to get the hang of it, and soon you're flinging yourself from cliff to cliff like a robotic monkey, champion of your domain. This progresses slightly over the course of the game, with temporary slow hovering powerups giving way to crazy hang-glider-esque leaves that let you soar straight down at dizzying speeds then up into a triumphant crescendo, finally culminating in a rocket pack that lets you control your ascent and descent, but with small amounts of (thankfully automatically recharging) fuel. The climbing is fantastic, putting the likes of Nathan Drake and Lara Croft to shame, instead aiming for and reaching the lofty heights of Shadow of the Colossus's excellent system. Unlike SOTC, though, this game isn't too much of a challenge, and with no stamina meter to speak of you're rarely in *too* much danger.The central progression mechanic involves growing stalks off of a large plant, riding them like missiles into glowing green energy rock in order to make the central plant grow larger. It doesn't sound fun, and indeed I had more fun with the collect-a-thon style crystal hunt, but it's serviceable and it's always frustrating (in a good way) when you have to grow more stalks off of a stalk that *just* didn't reach its target.GraphicsGrow Home's artstyle is fantastic, a flat-textured, low-poly aesthetic full of whimsy and charm, with silly-looking creatures and exotic-looking plants everywhere you look. These flora and fauna are occasionally functional, but a lot of the scenery is just that. The lighting looks beautiful, and standing on an asteroid seventeen hundred meters in the air, staring up into the sky and then looking down at the ocean and all the vines below you is a breathtaking experience.SoundWith little in the way of music to speak of, Grow Home's weakest area is this by far. The creature noises, ambient sounds, and occasional hint of music are fine, but nothing I would call outstanding by any means.Other thoughtsWith little in the way of replayability and a very short time to finish the game (though add a few hours on for getting every collectible, including (light ending spoiler)the eight star seeds after the credits roll, Grow Home might not be for everyone. If you want a fun, upbeat experience with no combat to worry about and little story to wrap your head around, give it a shot. It's a delightful little game in a rare genre, and it's absolutely worth your time - provided you don't mind that time being a little short. The price point is fair for the amount of game you get, I think, and I'd easily recommend it at full price -- but waiting for a sale might be smart if you're the type who prefers to get dozens of hours of gameplay for their money.Bonus: If you hate uPlay and think that Ubisoft game = have to deal with secondary launcher, fret not. Grow Home doesn't use uPlay and operates like any other game on Steam.Closing remarksGrow Home is excellent, and I hope this team delivers even more exciting experiences, with or without Ubisoft. The central mechanic is so good I'd play similar games in other scenarios (EVA spaceship repair sim? Please? Co-op? Someone hire me to design that).Highly recommended."
,Recommended,323320,14472325,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,BoxMan,Game by Ubisoft that doesnt require Uplay. 10/10
,Recommended,323320,14326982,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ThatBrownFella,"- No Uplay!- Runs very well, no issues at all other than lack of AA options - but you can enable that via Nvidia/AMD control pannels- This game is a really relaxing exlploration game.- Only several hours in, so not sure where the game will take me, but it is a lot of fun so far, well worth the price to explore my own alien paradise, grow plants and sky dive / jump / fly to crazy places.- Lots of islands, caves, plantlife and wildlife - Massive vertical expanse to explore rather than simple ground level- Use these resources to explore and grow the large ""Star Plant"", guiding it's branches to new areas high above, using the alien paradise enviroment to help you along the way. Grow it into any shape you want!- Climbing/grabbing mechanic is great. Uses triggers to control each arm. Demands that you pay attention to where your hands are, how you move, and what you hold on to.- Collectable items and leveling up of BuD can give new abilites that give you much greater freedom to get around."
76561197970649200,Recommended,323320,14396678,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,danpaladin,"I wasn't expecting to enjoy this due to my usual tastes, but this won me over quite quickly.Definitely worth the price of admission if you're into some exploratory platforming with a little magical twist.  At $8.00 it's not too much of a gamble.If you simply want to relax and jump around, rock-climb to impossible heights, hang-glide or ride on plants while they rapidly grow then this is for you!No U-Play required!  A+Kind of a funny side note; Ubisoft seems to really like having their characters climb up to the tops of things don't they?  Nothing wrong with that, just kind of an amusing observation (Assassin's Creed, Far Cry, Grow Home, Prince of Persia)."
,Recommended,323320,17674829,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,YogurtStorm,"10/10Beep boop.OverviewGrow Homeis a third-person adventure game featuring an aphonic humanoid robot named B.U.D(Botanical Utility Droid). B.U.D starts his journey empty-handed, low on juice and faced with a burdensome task: grow a single plant all the way up into the stratosphere to collect the seeds it produces in order to save his home planet.Delightedly, playingGrow Homeis not a burdernsome task in the slightest and I found myself quickly tearing through the game until nothing was left to achieve.Grow Homebrings everything that matters.StoryStory? Oh yeah. You gotta climb a plant and something something... Jetpacks and Leafgliders something something save your planet...GameplayThis is whereGrow Homescores all of its points. Like, literally all 10 of them. From the instant that B.U.D is in your control, you feel it. The awkward, lumbering, procedurally-animated mess of fun that is B.U.D's mobility instantly sinks into you and you can't help but smile just a little bit as he trips and stumbles around. Then, after rolling down a cliffside and short-circuiting in the mountain's surrounding waters, you smile a lot.You start with limited abilities: jumping, climbing and... tumbling(not convinced that this is actually an ability). After a few unavoidably chuckle-worthy mistakes, the game develops into something intuitive and simple. Using the controller's shoulder buttons as left and right claws, B.U.D can climb any surface and start to crawl his way up the Star Plant. The feeling of freedom delivered by B.U.D's mobility is simply excellent, allowing you to gradually move more fluidly and quickly as you upgrade the clumsy robot's abilities.Throughout your vertical expedition, you'll encounter a fun mix of strange creatures, mysterious caves, vibrant vegetation and shiny minerals on unique floating islands. A quickly-revolving day-and-night cycle further accents and dynamically changes the colorful areas as you scrutinize them for gems; glowing crystals that are used to upgrade B.U.D's capabilities, including a jetpack amongst  a couple of other useful tweaks.Your ultimate goal is to grow plants(you literally drive plant stems forward as they grow miraculously fast from under you)into the surrounding islands in order to feed the lands' mineral energy to the central Star Plant, grow it to fruition and harvest its star seeds.AudioWith a simple ambient soundtrack, the expected sound effects and the occasionalbeep boopsound expresed by B.U.D, the audio compliments the game at all times. I really don't have anything negative to say about the audio. That said, nothing really stood out either, it just worked its charm obscurely while I enjoyed a fine slice of good video game.TechnicalGrow Homeoffers every basic customization option you've come to expect from a game. The game runs smoothly at all times and, for the 6-hour long 100% complete expedition I ate through, I encountered no outstanding bugs or technical issues with the game. It just works so well.The TL;DRThe ride is short, but the drive is pretty wild. I haven't played a game that justfeltthis good in the longest of times. I thought about taking a notch out from the score for the rather small amount of content to dig into, but taking the game's very fair price into consideration, I couldn't do it.Play Grow Home now. Oh, and use a controller. It's awesome."
,Recommended,323320,14729456,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Bassem,"What a sweetheart of a game. A happy, relaxing, challenging but not punishing game that firmly adheres to the school of ""even failing should be fun.""Hiding underneath the cutesy and cheerful surface is some solid game design. Simple and polished, providing you with various ways to achieve your objectives, giving you clear goals, never overloading you.The game is very physical. (Some are even calling it sexual, and while I see where they're coming from I can also see some obsessions here.) What I mean by physical is that it all has to do with how you interact with this little alien world with your robot body, and how you grow this giant plant, guiding offshoot after offshoot, creating bridges and walkways.As you grow your way up back to your spaceship, the game gives you a very simple and immediate way to see your progess in the game, by just looking at how much you've grown the plant. It's so clever, so... simple, again.And let's talk about the sound design. The giant plant sings like a whale. Trees sway and tinkle like wind chimes. Cacti and bushes rattle like bean-filled toys. I found around half the game's secrets just by listening to the tell-tale sounds they emit. No wonder there's no music except in the menus; sound is a very important and well developed element.At first you have to rely on your climbing, trampolining, and balancing skills to navigate the world you're building. As you progress and unlock more abilities, you feel more in control, and you have more options to get everywhere as fast or as slow as you want. The game's always relaxing, but it still manages to make you feel like you're improving and gaining more control. By the time you near the end, you're the master of your environment.No game is perfect - this one is pretty close, but let me mention the things that bugged me. BUD is endearingly clumsy, due to the game's procedural animation that allows you more flexible climbing. But sometimes he's just too unpredictable and loose.The game tells you when you launch it that a controller is recommended. It works fine with KB&M, but I can see why they recommend a controller: walking BUD around with analog controls allows for way more precision and less accidents. Climbing is easier. Gliding is much more enjoyable.My other nitpick has to do with the inverted vertical axis when growing a plant shoot or gliding. An option to set that would be welcome, although I admit I got used to it and would probably have a hard time going back. But still, options are nice.One more thing, it would be nice to have separate save slots. Now that I finished the game, I would like to preserve this ""complete"" save slot, while also starting a new game.The character animations in the game may be procedural, but the world isn't. And I like it this way. I like the clever placement of secrets, the carefully designed islands and caves. But at the same time I want more, so I hope the developers release more worlds as DLC. I would be happy to pay for them.See if you can get all the achievements. I don't usually care much about them, but in this game I have the urge to 100% it, because they are all reasonable and because it's so much fun to play.An enthusiastic recommendation from me on this one."
76561198048011516,Recommended,323320,14334290,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Volatile,"My review of Grow Home~*please be mindful of spelling mistakes, they seem to pop up no matter how focused I am when I type*OVERVIEWGrow home is a game where the goal is exactly what the title states- to grow home. How do you do this you ask? Well, you have two claw-like hands that can cling to anything and a giant vine, that can sprout little vines that you can control. You try to plug these into little glow-islands that float, and then it makes the big vine grow. Even though that may sound repetitive and/boring, it is not- under any extent. Keep reading to find out why. c:GAMEPLAY 8/10You play as B.U.D, and as stated before, use claws and vines to go home and reach greater heights. Climbing functions in the same way that I Am Bread works, with a two hands seperatly controlled and seperately made to grip. One thing that really shines about this game is the physics, as bud's movements aren't scripted and are procedural. Step in some water and you'll start slipping, or hit the ground hard and you'll come stumbling to a halt. You use a multitude of plant-based gadgets to aid you in your climb, and these range from flower parachutes to leaf hang-gliders. Another prospect of the game is finding Crystals, spread out across  the vertical landscape. As you find these, you'll unlock more abilities from a character zoom function to a super-powered jetpack. One of the best parts of the game is to get really elevated and jump off, falling until you deploy a parachute a mile down. The games height is 1.2 miles, (2000 feet) and is open for you to sprawl giant vines across every inch of it, All of the games functionalitys fit together so perfectly that this feels like a game that was meant to be from the start.GRAPHICS & SOUND 9/10I can't even get started on the graphics. Bright, vivid colors and amazing landscapes will make you gape in wonder as you stare at the pristine heights waiting to be climbed. This game really proves to you that you don't need insanely textured ANYTHING to still have beautiful and charming graphics. You'll be amazed when the sun rises and adds more stunning colors, and when the sun sets and bud's headlights flick on, illuminating the certain part of the vine you've been climbing all day.Sound is just as perfect, fitting the current peaceful situation with harmonic tunes, also encouraging you to stop and marvel at your sorroundings.PHYSICS 9/10Physics are great, and everything reacts as it should with weight and velocity. (No cardboard physcis here, don't worry.)Everything reacts as it should, such as pulling smaller rocks is quicker then larger ones, and falling faster or slower will determine just how far your pieces explode when you hit the ground or vine.VERDICTGrow Home is an absolutely stunning and charming game, that brings everything together in a glorious fashion.Pick this title up as soon as you get the chance, and enjoy.FINAL SCORE- 9/10~Potato WalrusEDIT: Updated for current gameplay."
76561198123512757,Recommended,323320,14913708,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,DemonFox,I love this game but the one thing I think it should have is multiplayer. Who agrees with me?
,Recommended,323320,14473708,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MrBuzz,"Grow Home - 7.7/10Grow Home was a very nice surprise from UbisoftGood- Visual style is amazing- Gameplay is like nothing ever before- Fun controls- Only $7.99 for full priceBad- Main story only 1.5 hours of gameplay (collect 8 more ""Star Seeds"" after you finish)- Can get boring, I recommend listening to music while playing- Physics are frustrating at some pointsHow to fix it- Upgrade system and customization for B.U.D (other than Crystals)- Deeper storyline- Better physics and mechanics- More than 1 world"
76561197978498919,Recommended,323320,14364442,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Domikaze,"It's amazing what you can do with a simple concept, vibrant colors, and a little exploration. Play this game and get lost in it."
,Recommended,323320,14326508,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Agent Cody Danks,"So far, a great adventure game with an interesting core mechanic. The world is truly impressive in matters of scale, style and atmosphere. You control B.U.D., a tiny (and quite clumsy) robot whose job is to grow a huge plant. Growing the plant isn't nearly as boring as I thought it would be, it can be quite a challenge, actually. You also collect crystals along the way. These crystals unlock abilities for B.U.D. when collecting enough, a jetpack being one of the earlier abilities. Overall, the game feels great. You control each arm independently, but their only purpose is to grab onto things, which makes the game much easier to play than, say, Octodad. Jumping and walking are slightly too awkward in my opinion. Jumping isn't precise and might have you fall to your doom. Walking in Gow Home is a clumsy task, as B.U.D. steps on his feet and slides around a little bit, which can also make you fall off an edge. There aren't ennemies yet, but I hope I find some, which would up the variety just a bit. The polygon-based art style is a marvel to look at, surprisingly, which seem to work also thanks to a nice soundtrack.Awesome game overall. A step in the right direction for next-gen 3D patformers. If more developpers could follow Grow Home's ingenious level design, it could mark the beginning of an era of original and cool video games ideas."
,Recommended,323320,18123078,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ichi_vanilla,"A fun free-form 3D platformer where you grown your own level basically. That is not to say there isn't an inherent structure to the game (it still has static islands/platforms to grow to). I believe they found a good balance between the two, as i'm not someone who can play an entirely free-form game (i.e. minecraft and it's derivatives) for long. The main ""beat the game"" goal is fairly simple and can be achieved in a matter of hours, but getting 100% collectibles/achievements proves a bit harder but was fullfilling and did not get grindy or repetitive.Overall I highly reccomend this game if you like 3D platforms and especially if you like them with level-altering/building mechanics (something I rarely see except for games like Tiny & Big)."
,Recommended,323320,14403095,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,soultron,"This game reminds me of early childhood memories, playing Super Mario 64 or NiGHTS Into Dreams for the first time, and marveling at the world contained within the boundaries of the screen.The game has no Uplay integration, which is a definite plus, and aside from achievements (which you can turn notifications off for), the game offers little in the way of outside distractions. No DLC. No over-designed in-game economies or resources to manage, with microtransactions ontop of that. None of that. This is a game that once you turn it on, and load up your save, you're in until you quit.The game is a canvas for player expression. Grow Star Plants to spell stuff in the sky. Dive 2000m in a freefall, then deploy your Glide Leaf to soar through a rock arch, before landing on a beach. Climb back up 2000m if you feel like it. (The climbing controls are great, by the way. Being able to shift your weight to get better hand holds, hang upside down, and generally climb anywhere you want feels fantastic and liberating.)Aside from some goofy animation hiccups -- like BUD tumbling, rolling momentarily as a literal cluster of appendages before recovering to his regular running animation -- the game is a sight to behold. I'd actually chalk up some of the animation mishaps as part of BUD's charm, part of his character.The sound is also a treat. The ambient tones, punctuated with fantastic sounds like old 56k router dialtones and whale songs, make for a very unique soundscape. Very relaxing. Once you've accomplished a lot of the game's main goals, it's also interesting to turn the game's music down and substitute in your own music. (It feels great to skydive to prog rock, for example.) If you're someone who enjoys Freeride modes in games like SKATE or SSX, you'll love getting into a zen state and jumping, climbing, falling, and gliding around in Grow Home with no particular goal in mind -- all while enjoying your own custom sountrack. It's medidative, if I had to use one word.There's a lot of main objectives to the core gameplay I've not mentioned, but that's not because I felt it's not worth mentioning. Sure, that content is great, and makes up the structured play in Grow Home, but I ultimately found that I had more fun making my own fun, expressing myself in the myriad ways possible in Grow Home. Hopefully you'll have as much fun discovering them as I did.Enjoy.Disclosure: I work at a Ubisoft studio, but not Reflections. I had no part in developing this game. This is an honest review from someone who enjoys this game a tonne."
,Recommended,323320,18364799,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Iron,"+relaxing+failing is fun+everyones ""achievments"" in the game will result on a different looking tree+great progression system with new abilities to unlock"
,Recommended,323320,14335816,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,youze,I haven't had this much fun and awe in playing a game since Shadow of the Colossus. Thats sayin' much
76561198115605723,Recommended,323320,14445109,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BlueÖyster,Finally a game by Ubisoft with originality to it!
76561198032834698,Recommended,323320,14472569,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,|TvM| King Dryst,"Loved it. Charming, easy on the eyes, and a great little bout of exploration.  I wish Ubisoft would make more games like these instead of  cookie cutter Assassin's Creed games."
76561198042083399,Recommended,323320,14337920,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,FizzyPixels,"This game is amazing!Tough it only lasts 3-4 hours long, 8 bucks is a good deal!I would like to see updates for this game, maybe even a random world generatoror workshop support."
76561197983163764,Recommended,323320,14326687,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Sleve McDichael,"Grow Home is an excellent study in game design. It is a game in which you are given a clear goal: to Grow. It doesn't tell you precisely where to go, or how to do it, but rather gives you the tools and the knowledge to forge your own path going forwards. This is brilliant, and leads to an especially interactive experience.TL/DR; 10/10 for me. Fantastic platformer at a very reasonable price. Highly recommended for fans of the genre.The graphics are extremely simplistic, but Grow Home remains beautiful all the same; a testament to the fact that you don't need 4k textures and ridiculous amounts of special effects to make a game visually appealing. Rather, Grow Home employs strikingly vibrant colors, minimal post effects, and an incredibly imaginative art style to make what might be one of the most inspired and magnificent game worlds I've seen in a long time.Not much can be said about the presentation. Grow Home is minimal in most ways, which isn't a bad thing. The UI is simple; it shows only what needs to be shown. The menus (what little there are) are easy enough to navigate. Nothing to complain about but nothing too spectacular.Of course, the gameplay is where Grow Home shines most (I'm a sucker for physics based games). Using an arsenal of unlockable abilities and the plantlife all throughout the world, you play as BUD (Botanical Utility Droid). BUD's movement is very clunky and odd, and that's okay. You walk normally with the left stick or WASD, and use the left trigger/leftbumper/LMB and right trigger/right bumper/RMB to controls BUD's left and right hands respectively, climbing about the terrain and collecting objects/growing your massive plant. This is the meat of the game. BUD's movement is procedurally animated, which means you won't see the same thing over and over again. Everything from walk cycles to freefalling is all done on the fly, and it makes for a really neat experience.You also have a few special abilities, like jumping (hah), and even a limited jetpack. Each of the abilities and unique plantlife found in the game have very clear-cut uses, but can also be used in different and surprising ways, thanks largely in-part to the procedural animation. For example, early on you gain the ability to use a flower as a sort of umbrella-parachute with which you can glide for a short amount of time. One time just as it ran out, I grabbed on with both hands and used the petal-less stem to float a few more inches forwards, helping me to get to my destination. This was very cool, and really wowed me for a moment. I can't wait to discover other uses for each tool available in the game.The sound design is very good. Once again, things are minimal. BUD's ""voice"" is very robotic and charming, and most plants/animals make their own sounds, and they're all very well done and fit well within the game world. The music is ambient and helps to set the mood, which is very carefree and relaxed.Overall, Grow Home is a love letter to platformers, but manages to be very modern and fresh. You jump, climb, collect things and complete objectives to further the story. I imagine it's not a very long game, but I can see some amount of replayablity for certain if you like the mechanics. 2015 is shaping up to be a great year for gamers."
,Recommended,323320,14568560,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Surkey,"So charming and adorable, a really cute game with a fantastic atmosphere to just relax and get immersed in.My only complaint is that there aren't more levels to play :>This game made me feel like a young child again, playing 3D platformers like Spyro and whatnot.8/10 -Great fun."
76561198072074687,Recommended,323320,15038404,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,41 | Syntax,"Accomplishing the game's main objective is easy, but afterwards exploring the world and completing achievements adds a few more hours of fun gameplay. Grow Home is a peaceful game to relax with and is an excellent way to unwind. If there's ever a sequel I plan on buying it right away."
,Recommended,323320,25024104,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Color Bars,"Remember when you were a kid and everything around you was interesting? Your mothers purse had to be inspected. The rocking chair had to be climbed on (and fallen off of). The couch cushions became a fortress. The swingset was something you leaped toward, grabbing the chain and swinging over imaginary chasms below you.That's sort of how this game feels. I turn it on and I'm a kid again. Everything is beautiful and mysterious. I play it at my own pace, deciding when to explore, when to collect, and when to advance toward the end goal. I appreciate the little things - like taking a dodo bird and throwing it off the nearest cliff to watch it plummet thousands of feet to the ground.There are also these magical moments, where you just sort of react to events. I remember hang gliding on my trusty leaf, only to collide with a wall. On my way down toward the ocean, I realized I wasn't far from my leaf, and so I began to descend towards it. With the ocean quickly drawing closer, I managed to reach my leaf and grab hold midair, activating it successfully. I floated safely to the ground below and sat on the shore for a minute, appreciating the fact that something I instinctively decided to do was possible.That's what this game is about. Those little moments, and how they all add up to become this wonderful experience that stays with you after you turn the game off."
,Recommended,323320,14537592,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Desert Stargazer,"Grow home is a game where you start with a robot that fell/sent by a spaceship with an A.I. that is called M.O.M. with a mission to send a seed from the island that the robot were dropped at from space. The objective can be reach by helping growing a colossus size plant that reaches the space station or ship through its buds and branches, and therefore, send the seed to the spaceship.The game is simple and short, it needs nearly 3 hours to complete comfortably. There are few things to do and interact with around the environment to gain achievements and give some reply value. There are 100 crystals that you can search for and collect that will ultimately upgrade the robot BUD you are controlling. You only need 60 crystals to complete the game with ease, however, the remaining can add more.The climbing control mechanics is a nice change and welcome in my case. However, I heard some complains by other reviews about it. There are gliding mechanics in the game too.The physics control such as the center of mass and momentum can use a little more work, but none the less, it is satisfying for a game with this price.This is a short review for a short game that I highly recommend if you like the art just from looking at the screenshots.I recommend Grow Home for an enjoyable 3 hours of exploration and growing experince of a casual game."
,Recommended,323320,16701253,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Wet Sneeze,No uplay. No assassins. 11/10
76561198195036314,Recommended,323320,32865652,Posted: 27 June,all,Champignon,"I got it refunded. Nonetheless I do thumb it up because it is just not my cup of tea... I got frustrated too fast by the climbing game mechanic (which is the whole point of that game) but it's only my taste that is not compatible with this game.It looks nice, it sounds nice and if you like the climbing mechanics you'll like it.Besides it's running flawlessly on GNU/linux which should be pointed out in my opinion."
,Recommended,323320,14442685,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Nick The Dad,"Charming is not a word I use often, but that is exactly how I would describe this little gem. I found myself smiling the whole time.  It's a short ride, but it's a sweet one. It's something everyone should experience at least once. If you're not sure...get it anyway. It's cheap, and much like the plant that serves as the focus of the game, it'll grow on you rapidly."
,Recommended,323320,14326193,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,HonkyPunch,"So you play as a little grabby robot that is eternally enthusiastic, as he should be, because this game is REALLY FUN and you can climb all over all these big damn rocks and whatever! And all the animation is procedural which, would look really goofy with a human character unless they really really refined it, so that's why they made you a goofy robot probably. It's physical humour, almost, which the SKATE series has kind of accidentally nailed with it's INCREDIBLY BIZZARE physics engine that allows the game to transcend skateboarding. But uh, that's another story for another time. Anyway this game rules, it's basically everything i've wanted in a platforming game since Mario 64- Not more plot, not more cutscenes, not more GUNSS, just more fun and engaging and enjoyable pure platforming action, and as in this game, free climbing and super rad cool polygonal artsy graphics with the sound of soothing waves and the breeze in your metal ears. Be a kid again and climb you some rocks, even if the camera is a bit wonky sometimes! I kinda theorize that maybe this game came from Ubisoft testing out a new♥♥♥♥♥Creed climbing system? Which is great because I really don't like♥♥♥♥♥Creed but I really like this! The controls are really simple but, intutive and easy to grasp, they reccomend a gamepad but honestly the mouse + keyboard controls work just fine. Plus it's only like 8 dollars? I've accidentally dropped more money than that on a windy day. Check it out, if you like climbing rocks and accidentally drowning happy robots."
76561198059496640,Recommended,323320,24939595,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,EwokeonPrime,This game changed my life. It made me always smile no matter what scenario i was in. i just always feel positive now :D
,Recommended,323320,24420369,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,noobman144,"Really cute hidden gem, definitely worth the price if you want a few hours of relaxing platforming with some beautiful scenery. On top of all that the game doesn't have Uplay!"
,Recommended,323320,14400457,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,eltee,"(9/10)One hell of an original game.  I was in the mood for something 'different' and boy did this scratch that itch.  From the absolutely gorgeous textureless polygons to the insane controlls, this game was seriously impressive from beginning to end, despite its relatively low key debut.The graphics though really seriously wowed me.  I distinctly remember a very brief window in games just before 3dfx cards hit, where games like su-27 flanker tried these really simple, vivid, textureless polygons came and really looked amazing for it.  Sure once 3D accelerated cards hit, textures took over and ruled the day, but I've always thought that the really clean and almost cartoon like pure polygons could be used to great effect, and man does Grow Home prove that in spades.I almost want to call this game 'indie' given its just really off the wall concepts and beautiful abstract visuals, but I'm not entirely sure anything from a publisher as big as Ubisoft can truly carry that moniker.  None the less, its sheer wonder, exploration, and strangeness remind me of Fez, Braid, Bastion, etc far more than they do of any big studio AAA title.A game controller is strongly reccomended, this thing is weird and wonderful but its already a handful *with* a good solid gamepad, I shudder to think how it would run without one.It took me around 6 hours to beat it (and 90% complete it), and honestly I think the length is just about right given its relatively modest price and really unique experience.  Also, for once, when offered *more* after finally 'winning', I was ecstatic, and I'm going to totally try and 100% this thing when its not 2:30am"
,Recommended,323320,14345691,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,lord crow,"At 8 Dollars as I write this review, this game is a complete steal. This is the most fun I've had with a game in a while. Do yourself a favor and buy this."
,Recommended,323320,24548446,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Psyjinx,"""The game has pretty good reviews, but the game looks so... underdeveloped."" - Me, 5 seconds before I hit, ""Add To Cart"".I'm not sure why I bought it, to be honest.Grow Home isn't your average game...  but then again, neither was Undertale.When I dropped in as B.U.D. , I didn't know what to expect. Adventure game instincts kicked in and I I just ran around climbing on random objects, pulling these crystals out of the ground, collecting stuff. Completionist urges overwhelmed me easily. I had to go touch everything, no stone unturned. After a good half-hour or so, I took a breather, got a bottle of water and then I sat there.  I looked around, and just took the whole game in.Growing home is therapeutic. One ride after the other, zipping around in the air with flowers, jumping on newly sprouted leaves that send you soaring into the air... you are the cause of this beautiful world coming to life. The game no longer felt like a compulsion to collect everything.I recommend this game to everyone, of all ages.So do yourself a favor, and Grow Home."
76561198067330202,Recommended,323320,23593270,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,InsaneSeishiro,"A simple but good game.You don't need the Uplay to launch this game, which might be important to some of you.The game itself is simple and kinda relaxing, it has an objective, but no timer, respawnlimit or enemys that stop you from reaching it, so you just let the gigantic plan grow up into the atmosphere, while climbing around on it.If you are looking for 2-3 hours of chilled gameplay, this might be the game for you"
,Recommended,323320,14521849,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Captain Will,Best Ubisoft-not-Ubisoft game ever :)I just want to play more after the 100% completion!
,Recommended,323320,17961077,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Redangelx3,"The Unity engine has come under fire as of late for being the engine of choice for people putting less savory products on Steam Greenlight. What happens when a big developer like Ubisoft Reflections uses its assets to make a game that is quite different from their normal line up? Well, you'd get Grow Home, a delightfully quaint title about a little Robot named B.U.D. (Botanical Utility Droid), who is trying to oxygenate his home world by growing and climbing the Star Seed in order to harvest its seeds.Grow Home is a brightly colored game with low-polygon minimalistic graphics that never once takes away from the world of this odd little planet. The music is simplistic and otherworldly, giving one the sense that they are indeed on some sort of alien world with the tiny robot. There are only three tracks but they never drone on forever, it just sounds like it's part of the background in a good way. The player can run around his open world, doing whatever they want within B.U.D.'s current capabilities. The player uses the little robot's hands to climb up big things and can gather small things from the world, like flowers that help you fall slower and leaf hand gliders that allow you to soar across the planet for as long as you hold on. While this isn't necessary, if B.U.D. collects crystals that are scattered all across the world, it'll give B.U.D. a jetpack boost. Whenever you collect a certain number, the amount of time you can hover or fly around gets doubled. It's a brief power up, but used in conjunction with the other items it makes the experience all the more enjoyable.Full Review"
,Recommended,323320,14458934,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Kendross,"Coming out of seemingly nowhere, Grow Home is a relaxing adventure in which you literally grow a home. To be precise, you grow a colossal plant from the surface, all the way up to your idle spaceship. Simply hop onto a red-ended ""branch"" of the plant and let it grow out, and even decide which direction it grows in on-the-fly. Your objective is to connect the plant to certian floating islands, so it may feed from their energy.Along the way, you'll encounter glowing blue crystals, 100 of them to be exact. Collecting these crystals will earn you upgrades for your character, making it easier to traverse around the whimiscal environment. Be mindful, however! Sans just spotting them with your eyes, the only clue you get is a distinct shimmering sound when one is near. Making the journey to collect these is fun in itself.That's basically it, and that's certainly not a bad thing. Grow Home shines in it's simplicity of gameplay and graphical design, jam-packed full of charm. There are some other things to discover, but I wouldn't want to spoil the fun. With a personal playtime clocked in at 4 hours, I felt the asking price was indeed worth it, and there's still some stuff left for me to find!Totally worth playing, and family friendly. Grow Home has already become one of my favorites of 2015."
76561198065196753,Recommended,323320,14372294,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,OctoberAle,"Grow home is a fun, imaginative, exploration game that has no limits.  Get this game, if you're like me with an inner child that yearns for nostalgic gameplay. And although I haven't been playing long enough to write a full review, the first twenty minutes have already gotten me hooked.You play as a robot named B.U.D. who's like your ideal imaginary childhood friend.  He doesn't say much and yet has so much charm and personality.  The gameplay is absolutely fantastic.   For example, side quests such as collecting crystals along the way will give you power-ups such as a jet-pack.  It gives you a sense of accomplishment that makes you feel you earned it.  There are caves, parachute flowers, adorable animals and a clever save system to go along with it.The controls are a bit hard to grasp at first, but it'll come easy as you go on.  So far, this is one of the best games I've played this year. 5 stars."
,Recommended,323320,14332295,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Blooker,"Grow Home is a grand adventure into the sky, where you control a little robot called B.U.D. who is tasked with saving its homeplanet by growing a plant large enough to collect its seeds. The main focus of the game is its excellent climbing mechanic, where you can control each of your character's hands with seperate buttons. This can be used to climb and pull objects, and is very effective in making you feel as if you've overcome a mountain every time you reach a new island.However, even if it showcases some excellent game mechanics, a great graphical style and very unique gameplay, I recommend this game with an EXTREMELY large pinch of salt; it is a very well designed 2-3 hour long tech demo. The journey is over all too quickly, and the different elements of it are never explored to their full potential. Overall, It has left me with a very disappointed feeling. I'm hoping that the developers continue adding to this game through updates or as a sequel, or even an entirely new game, with a larger world and more challenges to overcome. Although, this is Ubisoft we're talking about, so I'm not holding out much hope.Buy it on offer, and have a blast with what there is to play."
,Recommended,323320,14328684,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,It's a Crime,"Ok so i just got done beating Grow Home and i gotta say this was a very (visually) pleasant experience. So Ignore the fact that it only took me 3.1 hours to beat because it's not about going from point A to point B, it's about the journey and exploration in between (if that makes sense). But with that said i do have one small negative which is the climbing. It was so frustratingly hard my first few attempts at getting B.U.D up a platform, which by the way you use both the left and right triggers literally as an extension of B.U.D's arm, that once you reached an altitude high enough accidentally losing grip will result in you falling to the beginning and/or sometimes dying. I say sometimes because there are flowers and oversize leaves you can pick up along the way to help break the fall, in addition you have teleportation points that you find and unlock to get around quickly if you happen to fall. And before this review gets any longer and dull, unlike this game, i will like to thank the developer Reflections for creating a work of art.+Visually pleasing with a great soundtrack+No Uplay or other third party DRM-Climbing takes a little to get used to"
31242314213432142,Recommended,323320,14681991,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,THE REAL BANANA MAN!!!!!,needs to b coopbut besides that its amazing
,Recommended,323320,14328713,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Celador,"This game is quite fun albeit short, unless you intend to gather every single crystal and do every single achievement available.The visuals are nice as is the music. The controls are pretty much the same as in ""i am bread"", except there's just two grappling points. The camera though gave me an actual headache and i had to take a pill and a break just now.Basically you climb, jump, glide and rocket jump upwards, while collecting crystals and growing ""stems"" in different directions to reach floating islands. You can also hunt for hidden caves and other ""easter eggs"" like dodo birds and angry bulls. The goal is to connect stems to glowing floating islands and grow the main plant up to 2000m (1.2 miles for those savages that do not use metric system).I did enjoy it and had quite a bit of fun. Though i must warn you that you probably need a controller to play it properly.For those concerned - it doesn't have uplay."
,Recommended,323320,24059363,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cosmic,"In case you are wondering: Yes, this game is amazing to play while on drugs.10/10"
,Recommended,323320,14537739,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Schrödingers Nutsack,"I give Grow Home a 9/11, cause I'll never forget it"
,Recommended,323320,14354998,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Odd,"Wow! I didn't expect this one... what a beautiful game! And look where it's coming from: Reflections... the old British company. When you are over 30, you'll know them since ""the good old days""...They made such great titles like the ""Shadow of the Beast"" series or ""Brian the lion"" on the Amiga. They gave us ""Destruction Derby"" on PC and consoles... the ""Driver"" games... ""The Crew""... and now this little gem : ""Grow Home""Short story short: You are a little robot which was sent on a mission to grow a ""Jack and the Beanstalk"" type Plant on a foreign Planet. Why? Because of the plant seeds which will be used to grow the plant on Earth to re-oxygenate our planet. Once grown up to 2000m, the plant begins to bloom and you can retrieve the seeds and leave the Planet.Not very much, aye? But it is a great trip until there! You'll climb hills, search for crystals which will give you new abilities, explore hidden caves, you'll do skydiving, free-falling, free-climbing and paragliding. You will be terrorizing sheep... you'll be eaten by a big Venus flytrap and you will grow the giant ""Beanstalk"" by connecting its ""branches"" with freefloating Islands, which are filled with some kind of energy to feed the plant and let it grow. And of course: you'll climb it.Reflections achieved something with this game, which other companies don't even try. Instead of giving you the next Shooter-, Racing-, Sports- or other mainstream game which have all one thing in common: violence and/or competition, they will give you something for your soul. This game is only about exploration, wonder, cuteness and tranquility. We have already enough violence and competition in reality.So this is really a great game... for the young and the mature, but there are not only good things. The bad thing is the length of the game. You will need 3-5 hours to complete the game, depending on your play-style. But it's cheap and fits the playtime/value. We have seen worse and I won't mention names... *whisper*whisper...COD...whisper*I really hope that Reflections will give us some good DLC with new Planets... otherwise I have to play this game again and again.Definitely worth a buy!Edit: The second Part is also available : ""Grow Up"""
,Recommended,323320,14388099,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Muzzles56,"Gorgeous looking game followed by great gameplay. The controls are a little clunky as the movement is a bit more physics-based, where your character can slip on things and tumble off platforms. It's short, but it's worth buying a short, fun game than a preorder of possible DLC+Great aesthetics+Fun gameplay+No promises of possible DLC that wont happen+Relaxing music+Fair price+No hype fuel-Clunky controls-Frustrating when your character falls off platforms due to game physics-Quite short"
,Recommended,323320,14347091,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,pimpsnoop,"This game is literally perfect. My single only complaint is that it wasn't longer. The art style is cute and timeless. The story is cute. The controls feel weird at first  but then you grow to love them and realize it's the clumsy robot, not controls. The music is great, the atmosphere is beautiful. Ugh I literally can not recommend this game enough. And for only $8??? I can see myself playing through this game many more times and loving it just as much each time. It's so good."
,Recommended,323320,14651574,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TehGraphics,"Grow HomeVery fun game to just to sit back relax and play after a long day! Plus Im sure that within the next few months Ubisoft will release a new map to fly, climb, fall and generally mess around with. Over all I would recommend the game to anyone who needs a nice low key game to cleanse their pallet of all the over hyped garbage games being released today.10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,323320,23140752,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Isaacalb31,A fun game about climbing. The only problem I have with it is there are 100 crystalls to collect over a massive area and if you miss some its really hard to find them (I am currently stuck at 99).
76561198068431305,Recommended,323320,23967109,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheAlmightyCircle,This is the first review I've ever made.Buy this game.The end.
76561198219582952,Recommended,323320,32749424,Posted: 24 June,all,Red-emblem,I completed the game 100% at least 8 times and its still isnt boring to me what so ever. Its a good platformer and has a fun personality and I would recamend anyone to play this fantastic game.
,Recommended,323320,14330849,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,RPColtrane,"If Wall-e had legs and was red he would be B.U.D., a clumsy free-climbing champion!Then, following his prime directive, he would create a massive planetary grow-op for fun and profit.  Sadly, I haven’t found the profit in it yet.  Then again, how ever you utilize your ‘star plants’, be it therapy or recreation, cultivating them for maximum yield has quickly proven a therapeutic recreation.  It would seem the sky is the limit, and I look forward to getting as high as possible.I have barely tilled the soil, but I find myself growing rather fond of this plot.  Navigating the world is a bumbling, stumbling adventure. Hunting power-up crystals is reminiscent of pillaging the elusive Nirnroot.  And riding new shoots feels as magical and acceptable as an unexpected, though surprisingly validating erection.Who wouldn’t want to come back? Aim for the stars, and share a B.U.D. with a friend."
,Recommended,323320,14509484,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,sharktemplar,"So some of you may have notice some Game Grump videos coming out in the Steam Train branch for Grow Home, and after I saw what you could do in the game I wanted to buy it for myself. It most certainly did not disappoint. Everything it allows you to do is satisfying. The 100% crystal upgrade feels very worth the trouble finding every last crystal. The parachuting mechanics are lovely and work exactly like you'd expect. There are a few very subtle annoyances with the controls but that is rather to be expected with a game that prioritizes in procedural animations. For instance, when walking along a vine you've created, jumping or jetpacking off of it at too subtle an angle actually doesn't work, it forces your character B.U.D. to stay directly above the vine to ensure he lands back on it. This is frustrating sometimes if you get a really sturdy feel for how to control your character and want to get off of a vine with a jetpack but do not jump directly off of the side. I've even had this strange wind-force push my character to a specific side of my screen when I was jetpacking well above the vine that would try to ensure my landing on it.But other than what are some obviously intentional (albeit not-so-polished) movement systems to help less experienced players not take tremendous falls that impede progress considering you will be walking along skinny vines so often in the game, the game left me wanting more. SO much more.I can faithfully say that if the game had more content (like, vastly more) I'd pay up to 30 bucks for this sucker if you could do things like go to different planets or grow vines off into the distance and discover fascinating new sets of islands or humongous floating creatures that would be in and of themselves their own experience in the game to traverse/interact with on such a scale.The game would sooner break believable animation movement than get the player stuck or have a mechanic not work the way it is trying to be used. The focus on what the player gets to do over anything else such as graphics (thus the low-poly count) and procedural animations is a lovely reminder of why this game is unique. It might seem like an Indie title with those 8 dollars and a rather simple-looking idea for the entirety of the game to be built around, but just how much you get to do with that idea is plenty enough for it to be worth it.I bought the game and played it start to finish in 4 hours, but keep in mind a new player would take a little bit longer than this as I had a running start after watching Ross and Arin play this initially and bring my attention to it from Steam Train on Game Grumps. However that being said, the game still feels like it needs more and everybody in its community can feel this. It has far too much potential to be left categorized as a 'one-and-done' experience, which unfortunately it is at the moment. Once you finish it, odds are you will never touch it again until they update. This why I am hoping and praying they will realize just how much you could do with a game like this if it got enough attention and care with its development, and they hunker down and continually grow Grow Home into something beautiful.While the likelihood for this is rather slim, at the very least it seems like they are giving enough attention to update it as I hear a new update of some sort if coming within the week (of this review being posted).I do not however believe they have the capability to pull off too much more than they already have, and may unfortunately be limited to simply adding more of the same thing already available in the game's initial experience (but hopefully not in the form of DLC they want more money for, though keep in mind, this is technically Ubisoft we're talking about) because during a few cutscenes in the game, I noticed my fps drop quite noticably, meaning they are clearly ALREADY rather close to the limits of what they've built on the Unity engine here. This is a crying shame because it will probably discourage new radical ways to play the game from being considered/developed such as a massive underwater segment in the game which could be a whole new experience, or slap a massive sky whale off in the distance to tease the completionists into reaching and taming or something. Big amazing things like this that might even come with whole new mechanics to unlock would definitely sky-rocket the game's value if it could indeed be pulled off, which again, I sadly doubt.Overall, you'll get more immersed and hooked than you'd think, I guarantee it. Anybody who loves the ""go here, go there, go anywhere"" feel that so few video games can pull off without feeling like a chore in the long run will absolutely LOVE this game. Give it a try, but brace for the subtle disappointment when you hit the phase of ""what next? I want more!"" and realize there isn't anymore and probably won't be beyond the types of things you've already done and mastered in Grow Home."
,Recommended,323320,14605596,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Jord Wylde,"Such a cute little game, Climb walls with your little robot hands, collect gems and use flowers to glide or float. Grow the central plant into the floating rocks and the plant grows higher, scale the huge island and hang on ! Well worth the price, had plenty of fun playing this :D"
,Recommended,323320,14525511,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,420GlazeIt,I love this game personally it is great very creative and I hope to see more like it!
,Recommended,323320,14492001,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,• Felinore •,"Adorable, fun, and challenging! 10/10"
,Recommended,323320,15155286,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Attilion,"If you don't mind the controls and camera worthy of an early alpha game and the frustration that might ensue, there is joy to be found there, buried deep, deep, beneath rough visuals (weirdly enough, a decent PC is required to enjoy it at a decent framerate). Despite these let-downs, the originality and generosity of this short little game could easily win you over."
76561198031386640,Recommended,323320,24923263,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Sonicslayer,A New and Original game From Ubisoft with an interesting design and slightly addicting gameplay?! HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE??10/10 great non-Assassins Creed climbing game.
,Recommended,323320,14711809,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ei,"I love this game! You are a robot named B.U.D. (Botanical Utility Droid) and your mission is to make a gigantic flower grow (up to 3 km) and let it bloom in order to harvest its seeds.A laid-back, relaxing game with pretty optics and a flawless performance. On the way up you'll stumble across crystals which help you to get the necessary power/energy to upgrade your jetpack and other skills ... in addition, glide with big flowers along the floating islands or take a nosedive with a oversized leaf. The achievements make the game even more fun since it requieres you to do some pretty funny sh*t.Furthermore you can climb every surface if you don't find a mushroom or leaf right away. Besides bouncy mushrooms and leaves there are catapult-lilke flowers which throw you across the sky to far away floating islands. Well placed teleportion machines serve as checkpoints and quick ascending devices should you once more forget your mission because you like to free-fall from the top branch for the 100th time, haha.Top game for a fair price. If you don't get fed up with collecting things in order to level-up, go ahead and buy it. A simple, fun game for in between ... would love to see more levels/worlds.10/10 Don't teleport with a fly ... we all know what can happen."
,Recommended,323320,14554259,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Halloween scary bob,not terrible
,Recommended,323320,14589128,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Thanatos,"Definitely a diamond in the rough from a Ubisoft studio. This game deserves a 10/10 just for not being a buggy, bloated mess like virtually everything else Ubisoft has vomited out over the past years (IT DOESN'T EVEN NEED UPLAY!!!). There isn't much to say about it that won't take away from the experience. The main point is exploration, so if the idea of wandering around a large area looking for treasures bores or bothers you, avoid this game at all costs. Otherwise, it's a fantastic game with a nice atmosphere and a great sense of humor. Overall, it feels like a lot of care went into it, despite some flaws.For one, there's no ambient music, which can be a good thing or a bad thing. There's plenty of sound though, so it's not like you'll just play for hours in total silence. The main character, B.U.D, has a large range of vocal tics and acknowledgements and the environmental SFX is very nice, so there's never really a moment in the game where the lack of music is a detractor. Everything sounds pretty much how you'd expect it to sound, and there are a large number of audible cues to point you in the right direction as far as looking for the treasures goes, like finding crystals and star seeds.The graphics are a hit or miss. It has a stylized artstyle but everything is very polygonal, to the point that ""PSX-era"" is an apt comparison. I don't think it works against the game, however, mostly because there's a lot of climbing involved and complex, bump-mapped textures would likely impede progress. The lighting is fairly good, although I think they could have put some more work into differentiating the colors. Sometimes surfaces reflect the sunlight as the exact same color as the crystals, which can create some minor frustration when you're hunting them down. Another issue is with the crystals themselves, in that they're a neutral shade of pale blue rather than something more stand-out or eyecatching like red or purple. It's not a huge issue, but it's something I would have done differently were I the director.As far as gameplay goes, it's very basic and focused, and I love it. They picked a few things and did them very well, rather than trying to give the player a billion different tools and giving them limited utility. There are pretty much three things the player can do: grab, jump, and use one of two items. Later on the player unlocks a jetpack which adds more mobility to the character, which is a nice way of expanding the gameplay, although it never becomes the least bit complex. The most frustrating aspect is the camera, which has a tendency to get hung up when the player is standing against walls or making sharp turns in the air.The only major issue with it is the length, which really can't be criticized for an $8 game. Another problem is that the rewards for finding all of the collectables, I.E. the alternate skins, aren't particularly satisfying, because you'll only have them when you've fully explored the world and have nothing else to do with them. Other than that, I honestly hope they add more content or some kind of workshop, because this game has mountains of potential. It's a novel and relaxing game to sit down and play a few hours if you need a break from everything else. 8/10 mang."
76561198021371660,Recommended,323320,14351303,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mag00,The most fun I have had with a game as long as I can remember! Absolutely beautiful and charming. The ideal game to come home to after a tough day at work! 8 quid well spent!
,Recommended,323320,26484114,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,GrammarJack,"Really charming and beautiful experimental game made by a very large Ubisoft studio. Great soundtrack, and the game is just great if you want to hop in and fly around in the world. I think Ubisoft should see this as an sign that making small, experimental games is healthy for both their company and their public image. Would recommend."
76561198056395407,Recommended,323320,34843594,Posted: 9 September,all,Basten GreyHound,I played it for a while. It's pretty good. robot is cute. the plants are healthy.
76561198042472802,Recommended,323320,24474735,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,jacksparojr,Pretty and relaxing. 10/10
76561198020085437,Recommended,323320,14407541,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Nokzen,"Very awesome, and refreshingly new little game :) lots of charme.http://youtu.be/5k6zmHfcXek"
,Recommended,323320,14568855,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,emil_hedgehog,"A lovely and charming exploration-based platformer, like a mix between Mario Galaxy and the Knuckles portions of Sonic Adventure. The aim is to grow a large sprouting plant back up to your spaceship 2000m above the ground of an alien planet, whilst also collecting information on the local fauna/flora. The low-poly colourful artstyle and intuitive controls make this a unique experience, and one I highly recommend. Oh, and it doesn't require Uplay, so that's a plus as well :P"
,Recommended,323320,14604769,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Verbal John Wilkes Booth,This game is very graphically pleasing and gameplay is not lacking. I got exactly what I thought I was getting and it was great! You will want more levels and more growing action! guaranteed!
,Recommended,323320,15259641,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Jet.K4X7,now im not a professional reviewer (or speller for that matter) so i dont really know how im going to format this and i might change it a lot. but i think this is an amazing game it has so many hours of replayability but anyways.Prosloads of playtimelots of acheivementsif you like drownin torturing ect meeps(there sheep) it has that too (optinal)Upgradescollectablesand so much more but im to lazy to think of all of themConsnow there are very few if these but gotta put them onits a bit tedious collecting all of the gemsand thats all i can really think of. (sorry if theres aanything spelled wrong or if this review is a bit Sh*** but yeah amazing game 20 sheeps drowned out of twenty
,Recommended,323320,22481400,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,👾 🅼 🅰❎ツ,This game is amazing! 10/10
76561198094270424,Recommended,323320,22029063,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,МихаилZ,"There is only one good game in a whole Ubisoft catalogue. This is Grow Home. It's a funny and beauty game with linux support, Russian localization and without any Uplay DRM.Dear devs and publishers, make more good linux game without DRM like this one and community will love you again!"
,Recommended,323320,33256056,Posted: 4 July,all,SIMIA DEI,"The amount of time I currently have on this game on Steam is quite low, but I have played it prior on another platform, and enjoyed it so much I purchased it again (with Grow Up) here, to enjoy it all over again.As mentioned in many reviews, the premise of the game, and by extension the mechanics, are quite simple. You play a small robot tasked with growing a large plant back to your ship. You are free to grow it as you wish. The design is so simple, and yet everything related to the player's aspect of the game is gorgeous and wonderful.In all honesty, I just love this game and feel like it is fantastic to toss on for a few minutes to relax and have fun."
,Recommended,323320,14414790,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,?JIMMY?,"Your enjoyment of this game will highly depend on your tolerance towards tedious and often frustrating (when falling down thanks to the clunky controls) exploration with the journey being the destination. I think Grow Home could have been more, for a game being all about drifting off the intended path, there isn't that much to find, flora and fauna could have used more variation, in the end there isn't a whole lot to it. As it goes for exploration games, I would recommend checking out Proteus as it bodes more replayability thanks to random mapgeneration.Still, Grow Home above all succeeds at being one thing: charming.And no Uplay!"
,Recommended,323320,28461079,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MountainManGuy,Fun little artistic game that can be completed in one sitting.  The music and environment are easy on the ears and eyes and it was a joy to play.  I recommend using a ps4 controller.
,Recommended,323320,16341152,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,thatguy_,One of my all time favorite games! Super charming and fun to play!
,Recommended,323320,14473260,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Shlaga,"At first, I was very hesitant to buy this game.  But, after I did, as soon as I launched the game, I was submerged into a world of awesome.  I myself love 3d platformers and this one for me definetly takes the cake.  In terms of game-length, I would put it on the medium side.  I also want to add that if you want 100% completion it will take a bit longer to collect the crystals and such.  Regarding the graphics, the simplicity of the polygonal surfaces are flawlessly jaw-dropping!  Concerning the price of $8, you get so much more for your money because of the amazing gameplay and hours of fun!9.5/10If you have not already bought this game please do! (You are making a big mistake by passing this gem of a game up!!!)"
,Recommended,323320,29731512,Posted: 5 February,all,Dominick12987,I've had a lot of fun with this game. The graphics are cool and it makes you happy playing it
,Recommended,323320,20191905,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PatrickS,"Grow home is an excellent puzzle adventure platformer.It really offers a relaxing, nice and creative experience with an awesome graphical style.It can however get a bit boring and repetetive after a while.Even though it will only take you 1-2 hours to reach the end, this game is worth the money."
,Recommended,323320,14340857,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Rasgueado,"I've only played this game for about an hour, so I suppose you should take that into consideration. The short version is that I think this game is pretty great.If you're comfortable with the game system being a bit loose, than you should have no trouble with the controls of this game. If other titles like Goat Simulator are in your wheelhouse than you'll feel right at home here. It isn't that the controls are bad, they are just designed to be loose in order to allow the player to interact with the environment in ways the developer didn't necessarily expect.I don't know how long it is, but my impression is that you could probably get through the core of the game pretty quickly. It's clearly designed for you to enjoy just messing around in the world and exploring all of the little areas the developers have tucked into it. Much in the same manner as something like Proteus, but in this case there is more active interaction required.It made me smile from the moment it started up and I got a look at the menu's and the fun (but slight) soundtrack they put into it. I would *never* have expected something like this from the people that made Driver... but it's enjoyable, and fun. If you want to just chill out and grin about a cute robot doing silly things, than definitely grab this."
76561198034334978,Recommended,323320,23733352,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,neptronix,"Cute casual game. A bit short, but well done for what it is!"
,Recommended,323320,27750160,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Perm,Grow Home is one of the most endearing gaming experiences I've ever had.And the robot walks funny.
76561198108537066,Recommended,323320,24978958,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,NameIsMailbox,"I was wondering why this game had so many negative reviews. It seemed everyone said that climbing is tedious and movement is poor. I took that as a challenge to see how fast I could get to the top.7 min and 34 seconds is how long it took me to climb from the very bottom to the flower on top(I fell a couple times). It takes 1 min 20 seconds to fall to the ground. Just figured I should say climbing isn't hard at all and does not take forever.Tips:You just have to use the bouncy leaves and mushrooms to get up faster. To land you pretty much have to grab something. The jetpack is not really meant for you to fly around, it is meant to be used to stabilize and slow down your speed. Also I would suggest NOT using a controller despite the game saying it's better with a controller.There were a couple glitches with this game though. Whenever I load the game it is just black and white with no textures. I figured out how to fix that one though just by going into settings and resetting the graphics settings. Also my right arm just decided to stop working once so I had to restart the game. Nothing that was really a big issue.But I finally got a game with a set style, mood, and unique gameplay mechanics.Now I'm going to go back to throwing sheep off cliffs and drowning chickens."
,Recommended,323320,23936929,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bacon Incarnate,"While this game only has a few hours of content, those few hours are packed with atmosphere and fun.Pros:Good controls and movement, moving around the map is really fun, especially once you get the glide leaf (think of it like a hang glider).AMAZING atmosphereMinimalist graphics that don't look like crapExploration is actually interesting, the world has varied enviornmentsCons:Short, and not much replayabilityGetting the last crystals can be tedious, and finding the last star seeds is even more tediousThis game is pretty great, but if you don't like exploration this game isn't for you."
76561198044836045,Recommended,323320,14698995,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jrotz,"This is the best game I have played in a long time, it combines all the budget and dedication of a large company (Ubisoft) and all the charm and fun of an indie game. The game is not only beautiful but insanely fun and really makes you want to 100% it. the collectables aren't boring and most of the achievements aren't tedious to do. I would reccomend this game for anybody looking to have a fun and relaxing experience"
,Recommended,323320,14895008,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,✪ᔖᘉᕦᕧᖽᐸᗂ✪,"This game in one word, amazing. The only thing i could ask from ubisoft about this game is to make it a little longer. Ubisoft should make more smaller games like this rather than AAA games that barley work on release. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,323320,14771360,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Jamfrost Jamiro,"Note: I played with a gamepad.Grow Home surprised me with its charm, strange sense of movement, and the ability to direct the growth of the plant's many stalks (Star Shoots). It's a colorful title where the main objective has you growing a plant all the way up into space where your ship rests. Along the way you can collect crystals to upgrade your character, tackle a small side mission, and upon beating the game, look forward to some post-game content. Some of the achievements are also interesting and function like a mini-challenge for the player. In its current state, you can expect around 6-7 hours of play time if you collect everything. Also, no Uplay.The game's charm comes from its characters, colors, and wildlife. B.U.D., the robot, is a bit of klutz and will inevitably run into walls or smash into things as you make the ascent. His ragdoll animations can produce some funny results and react to everything you do with him be it grabbing, falling, jumping, or turning around (his head turns before the rest of his body does). Should you really screw up and trap B.U.D. somewhere, then robot suicide will provide a way out. You can visit any of your grave sites so long as you still playing the same session. You can also mess around with any of the big-eyed wildlife you find which was made more plentiful with the recent patch. The jetpack you unlock can be used to drop sheep (meeps in-game?) off wherever you want, such as a cave or from the top of the map. The art style is simple and functional which helps to save frames since you can grow as many stalks as you want. The lighting is what gives the game more depth due to the day and night cycle.B.U.D. moves with momentum and purpose. He takes a couple of steps to come to a complete stop and may even need to roll a bit if you're moving very fast. This becomes an important consideration when climbing and performing risky maneuvers. Jumping from a stalk to a bouncy leaf could result in a very long fall to the ground should you not grab onto something. It takes some time to adjust, but once you realize you are controlling a lovable goof, navigating the world becomes easier. Teleporters mitigate the shame of falling down as you unlock them at various heights. The climbing, one of the main mechanics, is extremely functional and pretty much does what you want it to do. Left bumper works the left hand and right bumper works the right hand. The only difficulty comes with climbing under things so be sure to move the camera around unless you like looking through terrain.Growing buds allows players to creatively reach new heights and gives a sense of accomplishment. It's the main draw of the game besides the sky diving aspect and both are fun every time. You can direct them however you want, but progress requires going up. Also, the fact that at any time you can look at how you explored the world and progressed is something special and makes me think, “Look at this wonderful mess I made.” You can choose whether you want to grow the Star Shoots in as efficient a way as possible, making straight lines towards all the islands, or create a wild monstrosity, filling the world with this massive plant. Be wary of growing an excessive amount of star shoots if you have a weaker computer because you will gradually lose frames the more you grow.Hopefully, if you like the look of the game and find the gameplay intriguing, you'll give it a chance. It's a compact experience that should not disappoint."
76561198101685880,Recommended,323320,14364343,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dredrepug,"I've only played for about an hour at this point, but I have to say this game is great. Especially for being only $8.It has+great aesthetics,+a tranquil atmosphere,+a fascinating world to explore,+unique game playIt is absolutely worth checking out."
,Recommended,323320,16468840,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Andem,it's cute and cheap and shortkind of derpy animations (and physics) too but i liked that about it. It's a nice little exploration game. Should try it if you like that junk.
,Recommended,323320,14701181,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ｗｏａｈ,The Best Indie Game I Have Personally Ever PlayedI love playing this game and here are a few things I like about it:-Beautiful-Entertaining-Well Polished-Relaxing-Good Gameplay-Only Had One Glitch The Whole Game-You Feel An Attachment To B.U.D-Its CreativeOne thing I found that was slightly annoying was a glitch that stopped me from getting all the star seeds.I dropped a seed from a reasonably low altidue and it broke or went through the ground.Ive tried Closing it and Re Opening It buit it doesnt seem to work.Thats the only reason I gave it 9/10 and not 10/10Other than that the game is fantasticIf you have enough money you should 100000% buy it as Im certain you will love it too
,Recommended,323320,14329915,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Carlz0r,"This is a great game.  A little short, maybe.. but for the price, it's worth the amount of fun I've had playing it.  There are quite a lot of little islands to check out, with the incentive of finding all the crystals scattered around the world so you can unlock all the upgrades for your character.  The graphics style make the game pretty to look at, in an adorable, cartoonish way.  It's very atmospheric, and even a little creepy at times.There is a clear goal, but plenty of room to branch out (literally) and explore along the way.  I haven't finished the game yet, at the time I'm writing this review.. I've been taking my time to explore and experiment.  At 3 hours, I'm getting pretty close to the end, but there's still a lot of crystals to find."
,Recommended,323320,14398324,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Spunky,"Recapture the awe and wonder of Shadow of the Colossus but as a robot named ""B.U.D"" with an evergrowing ""Star Planet."""
76561197968956752,Recommended,323320,22197533,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,glub ♥Linux,"✔ Original concept✔ Decent visual design✔ Impressive rendering technologies (Unity engine)✔ Climbing, free-falling, exploring✔ No uPlay✔ GNU/Linux support!✘ No DRM-free build?✘ No user created content (levels, missions, etc.)"
,Recommended,323320,14703206,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Coconut Cream,Neat game worth a buy so you can experience the fun of growing enourmous 2000 metre tall plant perhaps because its big.
76561198069036451,Recommended,323320,14327897,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,cade12332,"This game is great! Its a great adventure game where you are trying to get home from a planet using plants! Though simple, this game has excenllent atmosphere, great music, and fun game mechanics."
76561198103753073,Recommended,323320,14704049,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Chily,Jack and the Bean Stock Simulator 2015
,Recommended,323320,14476010,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Kazy,"Short, but very fun. For under $10, it's a definite must-buy."
,Recommended,323320,25339164,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TV,Its well worth the price for such a unique exeprience. This game has a beautiful atmosphere and is a blast to play. Would highly recomend
76561198066884798,Recommended,323320,14354047,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SuddenlyElvis,"Even though there are only like 5 negative reviews, I figure I should add mine to keep it on the positive. I bought this game last night, and I've gone all the way through it twice. I love it. The climbing mechanics worked really well for me, even just using a standard mouse. The audio is mesmerizing for me, I love the sounds that the star flower makes. It's crazy fun to hop around your vines once you've created a mess of them. Right now, I'm trying to make a mostly flat field. Even after you ""return home,"" there are still ways to play.Sure, it's a short game. Total play time, maybe an hour or two. After that, it's all about messing around. I made sheep pens and mountains of mushrooms. That might just be because I have the mind of the toddler, but I love it. The 8 dollars seems reasonable. The graphics and audio are well done, the gameplay is smooth, and even though it's short, you still get maybe 3 hours of actual play. Good game for anybody looking to spend a morning or afternoon messing around with a tiny robot."
,Recommended,323320,23772551,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Andre Solo,"I was kindda sad today, decided to play this game and now I feel super happy (which, as you know, is like regular happy, but I'm also wearing a cape).It's a climbing game funnier than most parkour based actions games out there. I haven´t finished it yet but, sincerely, 10/10"
,Recommended,323320,14335329,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,buddy,"The controls take a bit to get used to, but after you master them, climbing and jumping around the environment is really fun. There are plenty of cool little caves and floating islands to discover, which keeps things interesting all the way up to the end. My only complaint is that the camera can be wonky sometimes, which caused me to fall off the vine a few times. It's a bit short, but since the gameplay is so unique I still think it's worth the price. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,323320,24070782,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Petra,"A cute exploration game that could have been much, much more.Grow Home is an exceedingly simple game. You are a robot named B.U.D., and your task is to grow a star plant into the heavens for their seeds. Along the way, you gather data on the local flora and fauna, find secrets, and harvest crystals for power-ups and upgrades. To ascend to the stars above, you ride on twisting shoots of the star plant that you can use to connect to islands that make the plant grow higher and higher. Simple, right?That is the main flaw with the game. While simplicity can often be a beneficial trait to have in a video game, it works against it too much here. There isn't much beyond what I stated above - the game relies on its achievements to provide goals for the player outside of the main one. Despite its sandbox vibe and willingness to push you to explore, it is ironically a single-minded game. There is only one cardinal direction that matters, and that is up. The little side missions such as gathering up crystals for powering up your jetpack, while adding some needed playtime, ultimately feels like a chore. There are no puzzles, no creative way of finding them (save for one) outside of using a locator or dumb luck.This is further hampered by the unusual way of controlling your character. Instead of having your movements match perfectly, it is heavily momentum-based and done physically, as odd as that is to say. To climb, you need to grab on with a mouse button and hoist yourself up one step at a time by alternating between each press of the mouse- early on, that is. As a result, the controls can be difficult to get used to do to how floaty they can be at times. You'll often grab onto something and expect yourself to move upwards, only to find B.U.D. dangling about like a ballsack in a wind tunnel.But I digress. The art style and overall presentation is cute, clean, and wonderfully animated with lots of detail given to the landscape and is no doubt its strongest forte. Musically, Grow Home is soothing to listen to, and the sound effects are memorable and not too grating in their repetitiveness. Altogether, the presentation is surprisingly consistent. What you see is what you get, nothing more, nothing less. I find it hard to fault a game for being whimsical, as a good portion of games tend to lose sight of their creative vision and often become badly paced, muddled messes that wind up forgotten. Grow Home, while definitely a game aimed at a younger age bracket and would no doubt be a great game for someone in elementary school, is fun for all ages, I'd say. At the same time, however, I can't help but feel like this game could have done a lot more. Judging by the sheer amount of cut content left in the files, it wasn't out of the question either.Only buy it when it's dirt cheap, as it's only 6~ hours long.Which is funny, because that's the rating I'm giving it.6/10."
,Recommended,323320,23563308,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,WebbComics,"a story narrativeB.U,D, the Ballistic Unit of Destruction walked the earth, killing everyone in sight. He took no one hostage. His only purpose was to kill, which he excelled at. One day, the Ballistic Unit of Destruction lost his powers due to overheat and losing all his energy cores. He walks the earth in search of his ocular lasers, jump jets, and teleporters while on a quest to reach M.O.M, the Menacing Ocular Mastermind, the one who repaired B.U.D after his accident. He yearns to destroy, you can here the recounts of his massacres when he spouts his bleeps and bloops and ""BLAP BLAP BLAP BLAP BLAP""'s. He seeks M.O.M in order to re-aquire his once devastating form. In the end, he reaches M.O.M, conquers earth, and gains some of his assets along the way. The next step you ask? The moon, detailed in B.U.D's next adventure for his tools of destruction...Grow UpOriginal Playright Copyrighted by the ones, the onlys, Unholyfire and Time. Love you long time guys."
76561198012196943,Recommended,323320,26313588,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Gannonball,"I loved this game! BUD is cute and clumsy, his awkward controls create hilarious and hair-raising situations. You really learn to harness the quirky gameplay to advantage. Difficult but not punishing.This is not a deep game, I enjoyed returning to Grow Home's open world for an hour or two, to unwind and smile. I laughed out loud when I was exploring a bendy plant which i then learned was designed to launch me across the map; or when, heart in my throat, BUD glided successfully at high velocity onto a short ledge at 1km altitude, and turned his body to stop, but with all his momentum and his faithful feet always under him keeping him from rolling and tumbling, he ambled off the other side into more open air.The right sized game for me (my humble efforts saw me 20 hrs to complete central mission, 30 hrs to get all the crystals and samples, and complete some fun Steam achievements). A good dose of wonder, humour, adrenaline, challenge."
76561197970735300,Recommended,323320,29152497,Posted: 9 January,all,{V|PER},"I'd seen Grow Home on the Steam Store and wasn't really sure what to make of it, I ended up picking it up and giving it a go.  I'm sure glad I did as I found one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences going around.The principle is simple, your Bud, an endearing little red robot that has been given the task of exploring a planet to learn more about it and discover its flora and fauna.You do this by making your way around a very well presented low poly world and basically grow your way home which happens to be back up to your mother ship via a large plant called a Star Plant.Along the way you will find and collect crystals which assist you in your journey as you unlock new abilities such as better thrusters to help you reach high places, you'll also discover items already on the planet that Bud can use to help him directly, and you will need help to get around, because Bud moves a lot like he's in a drunken stagger which at times you'll curse, but most of the time will just endear you more to the character.I'm not normally one to complete all game objectives, as well as all Steam Achievements but with Grow Home I simply couldn't stop, I just enjoyed exploring the fun little world and getting better and making my way around it.Grow Home is an exploration game, if you want to shoot your way through a game then this isn’t the game for you, save drowning a couple sheep or three!I highly recommend Grow Home, I played it on my Steam Link with my Steam controller and it worked flawlessly. My kids also enjoyed the journey!! Get it now!"
76561198148565540,Recommended,323320,28730612,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rattled Chucklenuts,"Are you a fan of protagonists with seemingly no connections between their body parts?Looking for a game to help you conquer your fear of heights?Do you like plants?Then look no further than Grow Home!From the concept, to the art design, to the atmosphere, this game is truly a masterpiece. At nearly any moment you could take a screenshot, and it would make a great desktop background.Having completed this game 100%, I think I can safely say that this is one of the best titles on Steam. Grow Home is well worth the price, I would easily recommend this (along with its sequel) to anyone."
76561198151774881,Recommended,323320,15080874,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,jzs24,"This is such a creative game for adults and kids alike and just wants to make you smile. I give this game 1000000000 stars if perfectness, I just hope updates with more objectives and secrets come out."
,Recommended,323320,14484119,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Tankor Smash,"I don't usually like artsy games like this, but it scratches a similar itch to Minecraft where you build the stalk, and then look at what you've just done. SPOILER: The crystals boost your rocket power, at least up to 60% crystal, so that helps a ton.It's very easy, but because it's so freeform it's still worth playing since you feel like you're walking down your own path and doing your own thing.It's taken me about 2 hours to grow the stalk out and do a bit of the post game, but that's long enough, towards the end the beanstalk growing was getting a little tedious.Overall, the game's worth checking out. Super casual though."
,Not Recommended,323320,32127698,Posted: 2 June,all,MiniAwesome1,"This game is fun for the first hour or two, but it gets boring quickly after that."
,Recommended,323320,19001543,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,i am a cat,A delightful and relaxing experience. Pleasing graphical style and overall aesthetic. The controls can occasionally get funky in the challenging upper reaches of the game world but I never got frustrated.
76561197982912397,Recommended,323320,14366008,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Xanadu Boogaloo,Very entertaining and addictive. Excellent gameplay; great on a big screen or projector for the whole family.
,Recommended,323320,23473615,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,poolord42,"In many ways, this game is a delight to play. Its beautiful, fluid and charming gameplay brought me in and kept me there for a fair few hours. It's a game about climbing, exploration and exploring several small floating islands; however, it became much more than that from the moment I started to manoeuvre my drunken, peg legged little robot character for the first time into free fall thousands of feet before gliding down on a leaf to safety. This is a relaxing game which I enjoyed despite having a personal discomfort with heights.Its charm immediately comes into effect upon touching down in this polygonal, beautiful new world. This flat but colourful world strikes resemblance to the old days of super Mario 64 and the design that comes across from Disney and Pixar movies. The whole world is bright, bold and bursting with personality.The sounds of Grow home are fantastic. From the moaning and groaning as you climb the main stalk of the plant to the creaking and stretching of the different buds of the plant. The soundtrack of the game is beautiful, and greatly enhances the environment and mood of the game. The ambient sound in the background is a relaxing hum, which feels soothing and adds to the relaxing experience of the game. Plus, the sound it makes when you send a sheep barrelling off the cliff is fairly satisfying.BUD (The botanical Utility droid) is a great example of how movement can speak a thousand words. Thanks to the procedurally generated animations of his arms and legs, you'll push him one direction and then have him stumble and trip over his own legs as he desperately tries to shift his course without losing balance. This game controls like an alcoholic child and I love it.The childlike element of the game is reinstated by the on-board counterpart M.O.M. Which encourages and cracks occasional jokes at BUD whenever he grows the plant or plummets into the ground from the top of the map, causing you to regenerate at your last truck stop checkpoint. Though both gravity and your own legs are your greatest enemy, you will soon come to grips with what is a safe playground for BUD to explore, climb, soar and dive through.Climbing the giant beanstalk plant that you must nurture its way into the sky uses and unusual but intuitive control setup. The climbing is done by using left and right mouse (or the 2 trigger buttons on a controller) to push yourself upwards, while maintaining a grip on the plant, and repeating until you reach the top. While it's very reminiscent of games like ""I am Bread"" that purposefully clumsy and hard to control for comedic purpose, I didn't feel like I was going to fail at all. The movement in this game is boiled down to its most basic elements, but still need to be mastered, like a child learning to walk.While dragging yourself up a Cliffside may sound and feel like a colossal feat at first it eventually becomes second nature. And new elements like paragliders, flower parachutes and catapults create new ways to float and fly throughout the landscape. After collecting the crystals embedded within the many floating islands several items things such as a wider camera view and a jetpack are unlocked. Both of which changed the way I play and kept the steady upward climb from becoming too tedious.While the game is fairly short and can be finished within around 3 hours, the exploration of discovering new cavers and underpasses within the landscape stretch out the experience far longer. However, once you have got all the collectibles there is little reason to return to the game other than trading cards and achievements.Gliding through the floaty gravity and satisfying physics of Grow Home is a pleasant a gaming experience as they come. Dangling over a cliff edge trying to grasp that 100th crystal and losing your footing is as anxiety inducing as it gets from a game (which isn't necessarily bad). Once BUD's full range of abilities has been unlocked, navigating the landscape becomes almost meditative and therapeutic. It isn’t a particularly long game. Or a fleshed out and deep one. But what it does it gets right. And does so extremely well. This game doesn’t need to resort to filler when you run out of things to do. This short, unique little game is comfortable in its own skin, and that makes it a joy to play.Also, no uplay.I loved this game. 10/10."
,Recommended,323320,14389808,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,A Cat in A Box,"Fantastic blend of gameplay based world-building, smallish-but-very-tall-open-world exploration, immersive and dynamic mechanics, and beautiful floating island world.Think Jack and the Beanstalk meets Wall-E.Also with parachute/glider/jetpack in contextual forms.  'Sept the jetpack, you get a real jetpack as a reward for all the crystals.Sorry if you only enjoy graphically rich games, must be sad to be you.This game doesn't have much content other than the collecting and worldbuilding, but it makes up for that by being cheap and really fun to just climb around in and grow your massive plant.  You could easily invest hours into this game if you're the kind of person that plays Assassin's Creed just to climb around on stuff for hours.Here's my recommendation in the hopes that this isn't the only game to come out of this idea.  Oh, and next time, multiplayer plz?  IMHO tons of opportunity there for great gameplay.. Race to the top of the world anyone?  Using the climbing mechanic to pull another player off the stalk or skydive into their glider for a daring trade of places?"
76561197983740996,Recommended,323320,20477981,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Chane,"Grow Home is a fantastic little indie game, published by Ubisoft but without the need to use uPlay.You play as a robot on a mission to examine a planet, searching for plants, seeds and animals. Mission control (M.O.M.) has provided you with portals along the way, giving you the possibility to send home samples. Your mission starts on a small, beautiful, sunshine island, entirely surrounded by an ocean. Far above in the sky you can make out more islands, but strangely floating in the air. Beside your task to investigate flora and fauna you have to grow a plant into the sky to reach all distant floating isles until eventually you will reach space and find your way back to your space ship. A bigger plant on the first island has a number of sprouts. You can grow them into the air for some distance. Every new branch you grow provides more sprouts that you can grow again.What sounds like a rather strange layout for a game is actually very enjoyable and a great experience. There are few games I have played that were as much fun as 'Grow Home'. It's addictive and funny and I very much recommend playing this game. This game is a hidden gem.Pros:- fun, cute, lovely- base jumping- parachuting with daisies- gliding with leaves- climbing- rpg elements, improve B.U.D. (your robot) by searching for batteries- good musicCons:- graphics are a little simple but suit the game wellPS: 'Grow Home' is designed to be played with a controller. I am not sure if this game is as much fun with keyboard and mouse so I limit my recommendation to playing it with a controller."
,Recommended,323320,14330968,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Phaze,"Normally don't write reviews, but after such a taint Ubisoft has had to clean, I feel obligated. After being hypnotized by the teaser trailer the day before, I bought this game without seeing many reviews and zero gameplay, something I never do. For the hour and the half I played, I did not even look at the time nor did I care. This is one of the most innovative and unique games I have ever played.In any game that allows you to jump, a lot of people, if not all, have the inert urge to climb things. It is apart of our exploration psychology. This game delivers with a real feel of height, close calls, and epic skydiving.  This is one of those beautiful simplistic games that doesnt tell you much, but just lets you do your own thing. So without any further explanation, I highly recommend you starve yourself of one meal and buy this game."
,Recommended,323320,16614266,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,dirty matt,jack and the beanstalk
,Not Recommended,323320,30248578,Posted: 28 February,all,rhenium,"This game isn't all bad, but I had a hard time enjoying it, I'll just list a few things that stood out for me.- Controls are very wonky, sometimes unresponsive or just not behaving like you intended altogether. This is the main reason I did not enjoy the game- Rather short, finished the game in 3 hours, but that's okay given it's not very expensive.- Feels unpolished.- Camera positioning isn't very helpful at times.- Achievements feel more like a chore and are not very rewarding.+ Nice colors and lighting, but could have added an option to increase anti-aliasing."
76561198041331878,Recommended,323320,14699584,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Bigbuzzer,"This game is AMAZING! Yes, it looks like it would be short but it takes a decen amount of time to finish. I only have 10 minutes in game (at this momnet) and I love it already. I would so reccomend this to anyone!."
,Recommended,323320,14753300,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,The Trashman,No UPlay10/5 GOTY
76561198095979488,Recommended,323320,14790937,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Roxas XIII,"Incredible game, just wish for more levels :D"
,Recommended,323320,19084568,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Louis Wain's Cat,"My god. Such a great ""Jack'n'magic beans"" climbing simulator."
,Recommended,323320,25326191,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Matthew Keith Twine,"Just about my favourite small-time game so far,this game has wonderfully fun physics based movement and animation, along with an amazingly adorable world crafted in a gorgeous polygonal style. Although being very short, the game is quite replayable and is definitely worth $10."
,Recommended,323320,16563841,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,microslob,This game is amazing !! Please make another one.
,Recommended,323320,14393404,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Your Cat,"Super fun little 3D platformer with an amazing Idea. You play as an adorable little robot, and your main goal is to simply grow a plant and explore the world. It provided me with just under 10 hours of game time to get 100% of the collectables, and I still feel like I'm not even done with it yet. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants a game you can just sit down and relax with."
76561198031159219,Recommended,323320,27560350,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kinxer,"What game has skydiving, cute robots, giant plants, and sheep? This game does. Grow Home is not a long game, to be sure, but the slick mechanics combined with the cute graphics and the pure thrill of falling and knowing you'll land safely on the ground makes this game a sure winner."
,Recommended,323320,25054516,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,LagUnoR33,"Really fun game that I thought I wounldn't like, but I ended up loving it. I bought it because my friend recommended it, and like ussual, he's right about game recommendations.I did not find the climbing tedious like other reviewers. It's just part of the game, and is totally eased if your #1 goal is to activate the teleporters.I didn't rush the game, but I didn't strech it out. I didn't complete the data bank, but I did collect all 100 crystals. The reward for getting all 100 crystals is pretty cool, if I must say so myself. That feature will bring me back to the game for maybe another hour to just explore.This game is the perfect game for filling in an hour or two when you're bored. I imagine if I played this game in one sitting I would get bored and tired of it. But that's just me. I don't mean to say the game is boring, but it certainly isn't an action game.Dispite the previous paragraph, I think this game is well worth the $10."
,Recommended,323320,15038467,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Eamou,"Absolutely fantastic little game. Relaxing, happy, cute and light-hearted, this game is a thoroughly enjoyable explore-em-up, featuring intuitiative controls and a gorgeous world to discover.Cannot recommend this game enough - buy at the earliest convinience, it is worth every penny!"
76561198035963425,Recommended,323320,25042959,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Fyræsir,"A superb little stress reliever. Even after collecting all the achievements, challenging myself to a 0 death, 0 collectible run and numerous other variations, I still found myself coming back to climb, glide and fall from incredible heights when I needed to relax. If you're thinking of buying the sequel; Grow Up, give this wee gem a thought or a try beforehand."
,Recommended,323320,19043867,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,WilJ,Really cool!! Not a really big game for an adventure but it's worth it.
,Recommended,323320,15691122,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Benny,I hope a wizard assassin comes up behind me and puts his hand on my back and shoots a fireball through my stomache/gut/spine/ribs/whatever and then takes a rusty long dagger and slits my throat and then draws neat little symbols with my blood and splashes around in it like a kid in a puddle.Grow home is an alright game too
76561198018793508,Recommended,323320,14703548,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,volvocrusher,"Fun game, controls like a 3D version of Donkey Kong: King of Swing. Finding collectables is addicting and climging up the beanstalk works as a good central mechanic. Controls are a bit unpolished and wonky, but not unforgivingly so, especially when it costs $8."
76561198288551899,Recommended,323320,26264544,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MeerKat712,A very fun 3D Platformer. The controls and gameplay are very simple and easy to learn but still challenging to master. I would highly recoomend this game to anyone looking for something casual and chilled to play.
,Recommended,323320,20870396,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Wildt,"Grow home is a quite original indie title from the Reflections team at Ubisoft(!)You're B.U.D. (Botanical Utility Droid) and you have to grow the Star Plant 2000 meters into the sky where your space ship awaits. You do this by growing branches (Star Shoots) from the main stalk into energy rocks that float around the sky.  Every time you connect with a energy rock, the star plant grows a little taller.The practical discipline of growing a star shoot is to climb onto a flower on the stalk and press a button - this will send you riding this wiggly branch in the direction you attempt to steer.Apart from growing the Star Plant you can also go look for crystals, which will award you with certain very practical power-ups.Even though it's all rendered with flat shaded polygons, the palette, level design and creatures still manage to look quite lush and pretty. Since you'll probably end up growing quite a bit of failed star shoots that didn't manage to connect with anything, the sky will eventually look like a messy web of green snakes.In the gameplay department, I have to say that the process of climbing itself  is a bit too tedious and slow. And this is a problem when you'll be doing so very much of it. You basically alternate between two buttons while steering. You tend to lose focus, and miss a grab, and fall. Which means more redundant climbing ahead. A gamepad is very recommended!Luckily you'll get a jet pack, and there are items in the levels that'll help with moving about as well. Flowers that'll act as a parachute, leaves usable as a hang glider, and leaves on the star plant which are basically jump pads and more.Upon completing the immediate mission of reaching the ship, you'll be tasked with finding 8 star seeds which are spread across the world. I felt I had just properly gotten the hang of it all at this point, so I went for it and ultimately after 4 hours of total playtime I had done this, gotten a decent amount of achievents and 80% of the crystals.The game does have some quirks and issues, but if you enjoy original exploration games, I think you'll have fun which this one - I definately did.73%"
76561198129213375,Recommended,323320,24363293,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Impyboo,"This game is so freaking cute. Its quite relaxing, and its pretty cool to explore what is presented to you :39/10 would buy the sequel xP"
,Recommended,323320,15858936,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Zolo,"I want to say this is the best game I've ever played. As weird as it sounds, there's something about this game that made me actually want to spend the extra time to unlock all the achievements (maybe the fact that there are only 26 of them), and never want to stop playing no matter how frustrating a certain part suddenly became. Something that I have NEVER experienced while playing any other game. For being a game that doesn't have a lot to it, there sure seemed like there was a lot to it. Not to mention the innate charm of B.U.D., a character I guarantee you'll never forget. The world feels expansive when you look up from the very bottom and can't even see the top, and finally reaching the asteroid belt is such an awesome feeling. To jump between moving asteroids, risking falling all the way back to the ground to get that next crystal, Hell, even taking the time to find all the crystals was an unexpectedly fun adventure (albeit frustrating at times). The game was less about actually growing the Star Plant to me and more about just exploring and seeing what kind of fun♥♥♥♥♥♥I can do. Even though the game is very casual, as dying doesn't affect your game in any way, it is still challenging and a complete blast to play (I recommend playing in the dark, over-the-ear headphones, and sitting approx. 2 inches away from the screen for FULL IMMERSION), and I would easily recommend this game to anyone who has ever felt the desire to explore a strange, new world, or just climb to the top of something and jump off. Highly recommended to ANYONE that has a spare $8, you will NOT regret it."
76561198145897154,Recommended,323320,15780794,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Dupseop,"Really great game, sad that it is really short I hope that developers going to putt more stuff to do :3"
,Recommended,323320,14800490,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,-MCG{A}-Glamis Dune Trash,One of the better buys if not only for immersion. really hoping for new missions
76561198044082780,Recommended,323320,21841521,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Jammdodger,"Love it. What more can i say! Simple, easy and fun, and very well made for a game of this price."
76561198044658698,Recommended,323320,15243969,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,doink,"A fun and original game about climbing, exploring, growing massive plants, and messing around with wildlife. The unique world of Grow Home feels like something of generations passed. But 3D platforming makes a comeback with the most fun I've had in 2015 so far. For only $8.00, I really recommend almost anyone give this a try."
,Recommended,323320,20213941,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,buffaloseven,"A delightfully charming little experiment with a lovable protagonist.  The climbing is a joy and watching BUD stumble around like a drunk as the procedural animation system attempts to keep him upright never gets old.  Excellent platforming and just the right length for this sort of game.  Unlocks come at a healthy pace and you can see all this game has to offer in a relatively quick 5-8 hours. It may be short, but it's an almost-perfect package for what it is: an experiment in exploring mechanics for verticality in games expanded into a tasty snack-sized game. Recommended."
,Recommended,323320,24195961,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DsrReborn,"Great Game, Great Envioment/Level Design And a Great Collectathon10/10 would grow home again"
,Recommended,323320,19811782,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,InfernoLizard64,"Grow home is a game made by Ubisoft Reflections,which has made cool games like Driver San Fronsisco and the Just Dance games. This game didn't have much of a gigantic release, like the other games I mentioned, but it definitely desreves one. Grow home is a game you can complete in 3 or 4 hours at regular, and is about a robot named B.U.D trying to grow a plant large enough to get to the mothership he was sent out of. I reccomend using a controller for this game, due to the fact that the game is confusing to control with a keyboard and mouse. There is in-game skins you can give to B.U.D, allowing you to change his color/ style, yet I like the original skin the best because the alternate skins seem a little bit wierd, rushed, or bland. Besides its problems, which are mostly small features and difficult to reach places on the map, its a fun game with high replay value. My rating? 8.5/10,If it had full ragdoll it would be 9.25/10"
,Recommended,323320,18577455,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Travanoid,"Very refreshing game with a gorgeous low-poly art-style. The world is colourful and a joy to look at, especially when you reach high altitudes and can look down on how far you have come.BUD's movement mechanics are ""fumbling"" at best, and can be frustrating at worst. Luckily, it does not take too long to get a feeling for the momentum and movement physics. Climbing is straightforward and works well, and is much more predictable than the walking and jumping physics. The jetpack and glide leaf really open up the environment, allowing you to travel between vines with ease.The slight frustration caused by the movement mechanics are easily outweighted by the simple fun provided by the rest of the game."
,Recommended,323320,14633307,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Nerdsbeware,"Good things come in small packages is a quote often heard, but sums up Grow Home perfectly. Simple but intuitive game play fun meets puzzle-platforming to create an experience that keeps you wanting to come back to help B.U.D collect all 100 crystals and get back to his ship and M.O.M. With a wonderfully whimsical aesthetic, Grow Home is a game everyone should check out."
,Recommended,323320,17549808,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Issam,The next evolution of platforming games. No joke.
,Recommended,323320,25391887,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Waspor (ワスパー),"I adore this game.It is simple, adorable, and beautiful. Just get it, if you don't like what you see in the first two hours, then refund it, cause it doesn't change much after that point.Also, the sequel is even better."
,Recommended,323320,14330158,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Sapphire Crook,"A simple, silly little game where you grow a plant to insane heights by burrowing its offshoots into energy rocks!Along the way, collect crystals and floating utilities to allow for an easier time.While B.U.D. can grab anything and climb like a ball of glue, like a ball of glue there is a limit how fast he can fall before his hands fail and he smashes! Oops!Don't worry, the game gives 'ample' teleport oppertunities to make your exploring and collectable cleanup a breeze. Don't forget to experiment with the plants; some have strange effects!All in all, a very fun game with stuff to experiment with. Some people might say 8 euros is a little much; I'm on the fence. It's a joy of a game, but I can see some might want to wait or a sale.If you like adventuring and don't mind a little momemtum-heavy platforming, Grow Home can certainly get you your fix!Good:- Colourful- Real sense of accomplishment- Interesting climbing mechanics- Good physics once you get used to them- Good art style!- Lots of interesting flaura and fauna- Spooky caves! No actual ghosts, though.- Unique objective and setting- Jetpacks that, eventually, are goodBad:- The physics are... unique. Very heavy momentum there, BUD.- Some collectibles are downright stupidly odd in their placement.- It can take a while to climb places- Sometimes, just sometimes, you can't really make it over that ledge and it hurts- The camera-based aiming of the hands is annoying when moving across certain angles- Glitches out on controls a lot- Why is Jetpack/jump on the same button as zoom out on controllers?- Shoots are hard to control properly. I guess they're supposed to be wild.- Camera has issuesFinal Verdict: A must have for someone looking for something new and fresh amongst those wacky boring sandboxes.A solid 9/10 if it fixes the issues I mentioned, but currently a mighty 8/10! :D"
76561198014251455,Recommended,323320,14329420,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ss4orion,well made game although its not too long i had fun and it was worth the play and the payalso refreshing to see a game like this thats not early access
76561198119505649,Recommended,323320,14655316,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jesús Cristo,Won me over from the start.
76561198249265876,Recommended,323320,18591336,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TheBlack,"IMO the best Ubisoft game since Rayman 3 Hoodlum Havoc on GameCube, it's really beautiful and has a nice atmosphere."
76561197984835536,Recommended,323320,14536071,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,BillMurray,charming. short but very good.
76561197977328878,Recommended,323320,14376915,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Joe,"A pretty fun game about a clumsy robot that climbs things. For eight bucks, you get a pretty fun little exploration game that takes about a day to complete the main story line, with enough achievements to keep you busy for subsequent playthroughs. A good little time-waster. Runs pretty good on my aging lap-top thanks to the low-poly design, too!"
76561197988721412,Recommended,323320,14346405,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Rufour,"Flying and climbing never felt that awesome!Don't get tricked by the toony graphics, the game mechanics are super awesome and really innovative, absolutly worth it, even if it is a relativly short experience =)"
,Recommended,323320,14543231,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,WinstonDouble,A really fun experience that can last for many hours if you aim to get all of the achievements. I'm a big fan of Chibi-robo so playing as a robot in this game added a lot of charm that it wouldn't have had otherwise. Soaring through the sky and weaving between the branches of the plant with the leaf is really satisfying catching the leaf mid-air is even moreso. I bought this game at full price and I don't regret it one bit!
,Recommended,323320,14411285,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,exnihilo,"I can hardly believe this game was developed by a studio owned by Ubisoft :DIt's very enjoyable and refreshing. It has an excellent visual style and sound design that is both endearing and serves to temper player expectations of how well things like the procedural animation system will work. Which is to say that the procedural animation is far from perfect. It's wonky and weird, but it works perfectly with the game's tone and visuals.This is a game that clearly started as a prototype with fun mechanics and then had everything else designed to play to its strengths and distract from its weaknesses; which is how all games should be designed, in my opinion."
,Recommended,323320,14596690,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Arrowtongue64,This is one of the best games in the world. The climbing mechanics are unique and fun and once you beat the game by reaching *SPOILERS* you can really see what you have created.
,Recommended,323320,15999073,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Greeny,"*Skip to the bottom of the review for Tl:dr*Grow home is a charming platformer from Reflections, a Ubisoft Studio. Released on Steam in February, it was received to high praise almost unanimously. I gave it a download this weekend, and now feel compelled to talk about the charming platformer.Grow Home reminded me of Wall-E. You play as a lonely droid, BUD (Botanical Utility Droid), and MOM (missed what that stands for) drops you down onto a new planet. Your task is now to explore the planet’s biosphere and climb your way back to the mother ship by growing the star plant.The world centres around a large plant which has off-shoots with red flowers. By climbing up onto these you can make them grow, extending the size and reach of the main plant. Spread around the world are floating land masses, some of which have glowing green bottoms. These provide power, and it’s your task to grow the off-shoots into these to receive their power. Doing this X times will cause the main plant to grow another stage, moving you ever-closer to the mothership.It’s a simple premise, which could feel repetitive if not done correctly, but the charm of the world and novel controls negate that. The character controls somewhat like a ragdoll; it’s very reminiscent I Am Bread. You control each arm of the character with a different trigger, and direct him with the analogue stick. It feels great when you get into a nice rhythm, working your way up towards the mothership, but it does have a minor camera issue. For the most part the camera works great, but I did find myself sometimes babysitting it as the structure around me grew more complex. The game recommends using the gamepad, and I listened, so all my comments should be disregarded for keyboard controls as I’m sure it feels very different.At various heights throughout the level there are teleporters to be found. These allow you fast-travel between land masses at different heights. There’s also no punishment for dying. BUD dies from substantial fall damage, however if you do so you’re simply returned to the last teleporter you used. These two things mean there’s no punishment for exploring and taking risks. If you want to attempt a crazy jump between branches you can. If you don’t make it you can try again. I love this about the game. It encourages exploration and doing crazy things, ready for when you make mistakes.The main objective of the game is to grow the main plant and reach the mothership, but there’s lots to do in the world around you besides that. Throughout the world there are a number animals and plants to be found, some that require a lot of exploration to find! A running task is to find them all and bring them to a teleporter so MOM can scan them. Doing so will net you a new skin for BUD; there are other skins that can be unlocked by completing other tasks.There are also 100 crystals spread through the level. Some of these are really hard to find, and I found ~85 before resorting to a guide! Collecting these will unlock updates to BUD, giving you greater control over his movement. For example, when you reach around 60 crystals, you unlock a jetpack that gives you significantly more movement control.One of the main things I love about Grow Home is the environment itself. Low poly isn’t for everyone, but, when done right, minimalistic environment just look amazing. If ever I’d want to show somewhat what low poly should look like I’d point them towards Grow Home. It has so much charm and whimsy with the bright simple colours and shapes. Pair that with the underlying ambient soundtrack and it’s just an awesome environment.I do feel though that the relationship the player has with BUD could be greater. He is a cute little robot, but it doesn’t really go deeper than that. Like I mentioned earlier, it reminds me strongly of Wall-E, but you feel a lot more for Wall-E; you are always really routing for him. I didn’t feel that with BUD. He was merely a tool, a cute one, but nonetheless a tool in which I moved around the environment. I felt really warm and in-touch with the environment, but no so much BUD.Tl:dr – Grow Home is a charming platformer, with quirky controls and lovable protagonist. While short, and not without its minor issues such as camera control, its price and charisma overshadow these minor shortcomings to provide a wonderfully whimsical experience.Rating - 9/10Visithttp://www.indiegamers.co.ukfor more indie game news and reviews."
,Recommended,323320,15234941,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,D0BO,"Let me start by saying that this is one of the most charming, intuitive games I have played for a long time.You are a robot,  B.U.DYou are dropped from 2km down to the bottom of a beautiful world. The Cell Shaded graphics look absolutely fantastic, and remind me of Wind Waker dearly. The controls are pretty simple, but I would reccomend playing with a controller (I found it a bit fiddly with a mouse and keyboard). The proceedingly generated movement animation works a lot of the time, but can glitch a bit when you are climbing at a strange angle. The game is fairly easy once you get the hang of it, but it is best played (IMO) when you are tired, and can't be bothered for some twitchy Counterstrike. Stick on some calm background music (or listen to the game's soundtrack, which is very soothing) and this game is very calming.There is a fair bit of content for the money. You could probably complete the main quest in an hour if you tried as fast as possible, but you would be missing so much more. By collecting gems, you can unlock new abilities (One complaint I have with this is that the first ability unlocked is a better in game camera, WTF? That should be there from the start). There are also tasks after you have finished the main mission as well. I would like to see some community made maps and hopefully some more content from the devs, but I am struggling for complaints about the game now.Go Buy It! I r8 8/8 m8"
,Recommended,323320,14535645,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Blunderbuss,Better than expected
76561198129548135,Recommended,323320,14488147,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SenpaiDoesn'tNotice,Physics are a little iffy. Other than that a great game and well worth the $8.
76561198006204896,Recommended,323320,14853547,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Faith,"Ever played a game that made you rage?Breathe in. Breathe out.Play this game, feel good, feel great.Acknowledge the past, forget the future. Live.9/10 - ♥♥♥♥ I FELL DOWN FROM THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ISLAND AGAIN? ♥♥♥♥ I CAN'T FIND THE LAST GEM! GOD TAKE ME TO HELL I'D PREFER IT DOWN THERE!"
,Recommended,323320,14780146,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ferravaag,Nice and fun little game. Grow the plant and make a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes.The game isen't ground breaking by any standards and the camera and controls are a little meh but it was a fun two hours. I guess more if you dont rush like I do.
,Recommended,323320,15776727,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,h,"I absolutely loved this game. Grow Home was that game that I could just sit down grab a controller and play after a long day at school. Stress-Relieving and fun in it's own way.Also, you need to use a controller to get the full experience."
,Recommended,323320,16715479,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,nonmelodicx,"Very fun, unique little game - but maybe wait for a sale?"
76561197972258172,Recommended,323320,16496872,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"This is just a beautiful game.You play as B.U.D - the little robot that could - and you are tasked with growing an enormous plant up into the stratosphere until it sprouts its seeds for you to collect and send back home. On your way you'll explore a gorgeous floating island world teeming with interesting plants and cute animals. The biggest point of difference is the climbing feature which is best operated via a controller. Left and right triggers control B.U.D's ability to latch onto the the world around him, and once you get used to the mechanic you'll be scaling the environment like a pro.When I laid down my money on this I thought it would be a couple of hours distraction, but I was shocked to realise that nearly 6 hours of my time felt like almost nothing. My only wish is that there was more, but that's not really a criticism."
,Recommended,323320,16733477,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dylanchylan,"Good game, got it on sale for 4$ and its pretty worth it. The art style it awesome and the game idea is as creative as ever. The gameplay has somewhat octo-dad controlls that are hard to get used to, But once you got the controlls down, you play as a skilled ninja thats flies around the map.The game is really short tho, took me 7 hrs to get 25/26 acheivements, missing the ""climb 10,000m"". The story alone is about 1-2 hrs long, what would really make the game better is another map, maybe 3-5 maps would really top the game off, with different things on each map. Shame its only 1 map , it really brings the game down.I'll rate it a 7/10"
76561198070413839,Recommended,323320,16689996,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Grunkle Stan,"This small game absolutely took me by surprise. I thought it would be a quirky little game I'd pick up during a steam sale to kill some time with. I never expected it to be so beautiful or fun. I know I haven't clocked much time into yet, but everytime I come back to it, it impresses me even more. If you want a cheap game that is fun and beautiful, look no further."
,Recommended,323320,16853487,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Frigidman,"Great little game that is diverse both in execution and creativity. It may be short, but its worth the effort and fun it provides. Get it on sale though for sure. I wish they would make more worlds for it, but I know that would never happen. Its ok, I enjoyed it for the cost. One of the fun kinds of games, and achieves are achievable casually!"
76561197998423107,Recommended,323320,14987440,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Raunotori,"When you are tired of all the endless shooters and survival games just try this, its a refreshing, good game and you will not regret buying this. Its definitely worth the 8 bucks."
,Recommended,323320,16735852,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,castlegaynia,"Very cute, fun, short, casual game to play when you need to waste some time. Graphics are beautiful in a whimsical way with bright, saturated colours. The controls work well, even without a controller (which the game recommends you use upon startup).Definitely recommend if you're just looking for a fun little game to play an hour at a time."
76561198059584523,Recommended,323320,16516307,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Gandalf The Pink,"Not long, but really cool game."
,Recommended,323320,16498356,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,CharreD,"A quirky little game that's a decent amount of fun. Took me about 7hrs to fully collect everything. Best played with a controller.Does not require Uplay, which is nice."
,Recommended,323320,14538372,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Breadboi,"A true breath of fresh air. No, not menthols. If they continue to add content to this game it would be one of the smallest, yet best investments I've ever made."
,Recommended,323320,14702250,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ChaosReigner,I kind of dig this drunk robot who penetrates things... my gods: r*** culture.
,Recommended,323320,14510198,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,I'm bad at clutching,Very cute! Relaxing. Controls take a while to get used to.
,Recommended,323320,14507507,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,robberborn,"This game was a beautiful and fun adventure, and I enjoyed every second of it."
76561198118228292,Recommended,323320,14560342,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,Fun but diffucult climbing game.Recomend Xbow 360 controller.Don't buy if afraid of climbing or heights and is easily set of your lunch
,Recommended,323320,16899093,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Dark Bahamut,"A simple, relaxing, short game with a very interesting concept.The graphics are absurdly simplistic from up close. There aren't even textures! But that's the price for having no performance issues when showing scenery from basically ANY distance, with a day/night cycle with lighting affecting everything and having a good chunk of said scenery created dinamically with your influence. From far away everything looks really impressive.The controls take a bit of time getting used to. The robot is very floaty and loose, and there are some frustrating situations, but nothing terrible. Once you get comfortable with it, though, traversing the landscapes and growing your plant is a blast."
76561198059416502,Recommended,323320,16460703,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Schmishell,"Can whole heartedly recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a bit of an escape from the gritty realism of gaming today. I have completed the game already (yes it is a very short game) but there is a side quest once you finish the main which will probably take me another hour or two to finish so the game is short but I feel like it is so fun that it will be something that I will be coming back to time and time again. Basically the main gameplay surrounds the character B.U.D climbing his way around a giant plant and connecting this plant to floating sky islands to make the plant grow bigger (weird I know) anyway, this whole adventure is also accompanied by some neat little upgrades you can snag with the crystals laying around which will help you on your way and will distract you from the main goal if it gets a bit tedious. Making such a serene game with such simple rules and yet executing it so well is something that this game accomplishes in droves, have fun playing and watching little B.U.D get himself into all sorts of weird positions with the animation style they have gone for, which is basically just let physics take over and it is quite funny at times to see him bend over backwards after hitting a floating island too hard. Definitely pick this game up while it is on sale for a good few hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,323320,16376486,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jimmy Jazz,"Grow Home is a short, sweet, and thrillingly pleasant experience. I highly reccomend this game for anyone happy with just chillin' the hell out. And connecting a controller to your PC.If you don't have a controller, you really shouldn't buy this game. It doesn't come through at all with mouse+keyboard. I cannot in good conscience say that you should buy a controller to play this game. It's damn tempting though."
,Recommended,323320,16377754,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Afraidnot,"Whimsical, fun and just plain relaxing. A game that returns to the roots (excuse my bad pun) of exploration. Challenge is there if you go looking for it namely in the gathering portion of the game. Overall a fun little game light and fluffy like a good dessert.8/10"
76561198013317980,Recommended,323320,16335006,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,themastertrevor,"Ya know, playing this game made me realize how much of a jaded, angry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've become about video gaming as a whole. I spend too much time on the internet with y'all circljerking ourselves into misery.  I've definitely forgotten some of the raw joy & wonder games used to bring me. ""OH woe is me"" to be a 20something white guy. #firstworld♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Regardless of how low the priority of my gaming prejudices are in the grand scheme of things this game is worth your time.Grow Home was such a lovely, peaceful, and FUN experience.  It sucked me right back to playing Super Mario 64 for the first time & getting the flying cap.  Grow Home looks way better with a similar aesthetic.  It has a very ""Nintendo lite"" visual style that is beautiful, simple, and lovely. The game play is a take on Mount Your Friends and Ocoto Dad though they are much more simple, easy, and effective to use.  Rarely did I feel let down and the few times I did, I was probably just ""flying"" too fast to grab onto anything (shouldn't a robot traveling at terminal velocity be able to grab something & come to a safe & complete stop?).  Anyways, My 2+ hours in the game so far have been fantastic. Once I ""beat"" the game I unlocked other objectives to do in the world but alas there is only one Star Plant and so to have the MOST fun again I'd have to start over.  That being said, I'm looking forward to collecting all 8 Star Seeds.   I think what is most impressive about Grow Home is the sense of scale.  When you finally reach your ship, there is extreme pleasure from diving off and falling to the ground below, through this colossal plant that YOU grew in all those crazy directions.  ""oh hey, I totally remember falling off that"" *as you sail by at terminal velocity*.  By this ♥♥♥♥ing game, it'll sooth your fevered brow.Yes it's lean on game-play modes, levels, characters, enemies, weapons, etc. But that isn't the point.  This isn't about depth of features but depth of that intangible, that ""X-Factor"" if you will.  This is definitely one of those experiential games, though it's game-play elevates it far about most of it's ilk (i'm looking at you Myst).  The experience was fantastic and the game-play was too.  Both aspects won't soon be forgotten by this gamer. I remember what games felt like when I was 8, it's been a long time since a game made me feel anything that deep & close to home."
76561198055435657,Recommended,323320,14384801,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,the_stines,The first time I've seen gardening as an extreme sport.
,Recommended,323320,14553803,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Barndor,It's not a sex thing...
,Recommended,323320,14353314,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,McGruffin,10/10 Would Bang.
,Recommended,323320,15731884,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Lil Gaggly,"grow home is dope, yo. get it"
,Recommended,323320,14783008,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,None the Wiser,"Possibly the best game Ubisoft has ever made. While it has a short and simple story, it entertained me for hours and still does, even after 100% completion. People have overlooked this (almost) masterpiece, and it astounds me. A really low price for a game without thousands of DLC's and simple gameplay in a peaceful world that still puts you on edge as you get bolder and bolder, without tons of combat and action. In short, if you don't have this, get it. NOW."
,Recommended,323320,14728488,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Brownsvillain,Pure fun.
,Recommended,323320,16446981,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RatchetMario [Thelombax51],"I'm feeling like a calm while playing this. :)There's no serious about it. Beautiful gameplay. Amazing adventure. But there's some few boring...take a break and play again sometimes, and you will love this."
76561198066030014,Recommended,323320,16518092,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ZOMBOCOM,"Normally I don't like horror games, but Grow Home is an exception."
76561198072091523,Recommended,323320,16409528,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Deetchroit,"Trying to control those hentai-esque vines is alot harder than you think.Also, not being able to find that very last power crystal can drive the sanest man into the pits of despair."
,Recommended,323320,15655544,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Doctor (OLD),"When I first saw this on the store I thought it was a indie. Made by Ubisoft. Doesn't mean it's bad. Seriously. This is in my top 5 games list for this year so far.-Beautiful art style-Great gameplay mechanics-Surprisingly very fun despite it's simple objectiveI don't even like collecting collectables in games. In this game, I loved it."
,Recommended,323320,14362277,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Meebly Glort,"This is the best 8 dollars I've spent in a long time.It's, cheap and amazing, you have no excuse not to play this masterpeice.It's a tad short, but an incredible experience at around 3-5 hours of gameplay.BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,323320,15091653,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,nigganometry,"BEst pancake maker ever, 20/10 would Gaben"
,Recommended,323320,14379767,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Quady14,"If you love light-hearted platformers, then you owe it to yourself to check out Grow Home. This game is beautiful, funny, and a joy to explore. I'm only taking a quick break from it because I had a, ""This game is awesome and should be highly recommended to everyone ever"" moment. If you're waiting for other upcoming platformers like A Hat in Time to come out, then I think Grow Home may just help tide you over til then.It's not a super long game, if you really rush it I'd bet you could finish within 3 hours or less, but if you really explore and interact with the world, because this is in many respects a sandbox game, you can go a good 8 hours before doing everything there is to be done.The controls are a little floaty and you lose your grip on surfaces at times but I wouldn't change that for anything, B.U.D.'s drunken stumbling is too damn adorable to really get mad over taking a fall, and that's part of what makes the game as memorable as it is. This game is a big ol' happy-generator. You want some happy? Get this little Ubisoft gem, it's full to the brim with high-quality happy goodness."
,Recommended,323320,14703810,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Tarek,This game is very short and sweet. I beat it in <3 hours but didn't 100% it in that time.You as play a clumsy robot who is trying to explore and climb and grow a giant beanstalk-type-plant.The controls are very simple. The gameplay is very fun to play. The music is excellent.Highly recommended.I will now try to 100% it.
,Recommended,323320,16463757,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NinjaThingy,I really great game. Espescially for Ubisoft
,Recommended,323320,16530721,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wally the Watermelon,I got to murder a sheep by smashing a gigantic plant down its esophagus and then fly away on a jetpack while my M.O.M. complimented me on how good of a job I did.10/10
76561198165414737,Recommended,323320,18937602,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mae,its parkour and adoreble in one
,Recommended,323320,19301113,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,KitFlix,pretty good. i love it. i love this gameBUD is likeable. he is clumsy on his feet tho. i love growing a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥plant aswell. controller supported. im freaking mad that i got it before it went on sale.
,Recommended,323320,17061503,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,GaryW,So it took about  2 hours to complete this but I'm still messing with it. There is something funny about throwing the robot out of the ship and parachuting down to the ground.It's a simple game but it's fun and with cute visuals. Worth a buy.
,Recommended,323320,19123712,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,MehStrongBadMeh,"An absolutely delightful game featuring a beatiful polygononal environment. Grow Home is serene, peaceful, and engaging. Discovering new areas and exploring the environment are quite a joy. The main character controls in wonky way that somehow adds more charm to the game rather than frustrates it. The game is a real take-it-at-your-own-pace affair, no need to rush to the next objective, but you can press on ahead quickly enough if you so desire to do so.Somewhat bizarrely, this game is made by Ubisoft. Which is weird, because it is nothing like any other Ubisoft game I have ever dealt with. It has no microtransactions, no Uplay, no massive open world full of repetitive side-missions, and no thosands of developers creating a two-hour-long credits sequence. In addition, not only is the PC version not a buggy piece of crap, there wasn't even a console release of the game until half a year later. This game feels like an indie game in all the right ways, even if it did come from Ubisoft.The only shame is that the game is so short. There is so much more that could have been done here, yet I fear this potential will be left permanently, untapped."
76561198173606567,Not Recommended,323320,19140884,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,KeinSchiesse,"A well-made game, but gets old easily. If you're looking for a bright-colored platformer with a pretty chill pace, perhaps give this a go, but overall it didn't hold my interest for very long."
,Recommended,323320,16471342,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[NSS] Duk,"Great game!Going in I wasn't expecting much out of Ubisoft (sorry guys all your games have f'd up on my pc b4) but this one exceeds my standards of a ""good game""This game is basic to explain.MOUNTAIN CLIMBING PARKOUR TYPE STUFF AS A ROBOT WITH LITTLE CONTROL OVER RAGDOLL.This game comes into my top 5 games after playing the little time I have played. I highly suggest this to basically anyone except for cod dweebs(jk but srs if you dont like things where you dont have a gun and bang bang yeah....)"
,Recommended,323320,16966367,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Jab,"A platformer about climbing a massive plant with procedurally generated elements with loads of hidden items to find. It's not the longest or hardest game out there, but it was relaxing and something anyone can enjoy."
76561198053692117,Recommended,323320,17777062,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mr.fahrenheit,it's okay 20/10 would fall again
,Recommended,323320,20332259,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Koth,great game!really enjoyed playing itonly a little bit dissapointed that it was so shortand that there is still no other map to play on.too bad they made a new game (grow up)instead of just implementing a new maphope it will come soon :P
,Recommended,323320,28357145,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[BMC]Nos_42,"Im in love with this game, so i will start with the negatives.- Controls take a good 10 mins to master.Thats it, In return you get.- Amazingly colourful world- A Unique experience, you have not played something like this, trust.- Fun narrative and a charming robot !- Climbing is so fun xD riding beanstalks even more !I honestly expected this game to be absolute crap ...Boy was I ♥♥♥♥ing wrong.Njoy Folks."
,Recommended,323320,26594580,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MakoSharkz,The best skydiving simulator ever
,Recommended,323320,27700970,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Daniel,"This game is great fun. It has a great environment to explore, and if you are at all like me, you will find yourself trying to skydive off just about anything."
,Recommended,323320,22179721,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Protocat,Eaten by a plantWatched a plant eat a sheepDrownedDrowned a sheepTrampled by a bullFell to my deathDropped a sheep 2000m to it's deathPEGI 310/10
,Recommended,323320,29302521,Posted: 16 January,all,Lip Service,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Simple, fun and stunning. Reminds me of the scale of Katamari Damacy."
76561198025984107,Recommended,323320,27981419,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LastSoul,"Grow home is  a simple, funny and relaxing game with surprisingly good controls and music.Overall an excellent gaming experience that you must try."
,Recommended,323320,16463086,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,$7,"This game is simply amazing. I for one am a serious fan of low poly art and this game is feeding my addiction. The lack of textures and low polygon count are what make this game graphically unique. Some may find this game repetitive due to the same overall task being given at each ""level"" but it doesn't have to be that way. Use your phallic growths to make cool spirals or make your own highway of greenis. The game lasts a couple hours to b-line it for the ending with only a few cheevos but when you go all completionist it gets a little more interesting. Find all the power crystals and become a superhero, collect all the plants and animals to get a taste of real science, or make that sky green baby. Its your choice as a floppy legged, yet neat, BUD.PS: Getting the crystals makes the gathering a little easier.Overall this game is 10/10."
76561198152254096,Recommended,323320,19001969,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Gravy441,Just go buy it already.
76561198030244071,Recommended,323320,15876855,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,GimmeDatFurryDick,"This game is a little gem that warms my heart when I even think of the fun I had while playing it.Graphics - Creative and blocky. A very colorful world with an adorable design to it.Gameplay - The game feels very polished, and the graple system feels so right! You honestly feel your little robot claws digging into the mountain to avoid falling to certain doom.Story - Simple, yet deep. The story is basically to collect things and sample the alien life on the planet, but it feels like so much more than that. Honestly almost cried when it was all over.Replayablility - Sadly, as it stands this game doesn't have much replayability with only having one map. I hope the devs keep up with this project and add so much more to it!It is sad to see this game overlooked due to Ubisoft being the main publishing company, as they aren't highly looked up to in the eyes of even the most casual gamer. But please, if you have $8.00 to spend, please consider buying this game. It will change your life.5/5"
,Recommended,323320,19921376,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Taz,"A really cool, fun game!Looks great and work well. It's just a shame its a very short game. I managed to fully complete the game and achievements with-in 7 hours of game time. Really fun, but a short-living game.I would say get this game ONLY when its on sale. £6.99 is cheap, but not really worth the short play-time."
76561198036334154,Recommended,323320,15677262,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,★ EngieBengie,"After getting all achievements in about 8 hours of play, I can safely say that Grow Home was a lovely and relaxing experience. This game is more of an experience where you immerse yourself in the game's lovely alien world. Your goal is to archive the diverse plants and creatures of the planet and griant plant you find on the starting island. Little by little, you try to grow the ""star shoots"". At first you'll do this because it's necessary so that the plant as a whole grows more and more but eventually, you'll realize you want to grow the ""star shoots"" because of just how beautiful the results are.This game is truly and explorer's dream. You are in this open world where you have to climp all the way up, where your ship is waiting for you. Along the way, you'll find floating islands big and small and, unlike a some open world games, some actual things to do. Be it the mission where you collect 100 crystals, archieving all plants and animals in the world or collecting all plant seeds, you'll actually find yourself doing more than mindlessly climbing to the top. And, the rewards are quite great, like getting the infinite jet pack after collecting 100 crystals. The game achievements are also easy to get for the most part so trying to get all 26 them is an additional task in and of itself.Ultimately, it's a well worth experience and a pretty relaxing one at that. Highly recommend this gorgeous game."
76561197981182472,Recommended,323320,19451965,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Junglehum,"Did not expect ubisoft to release something decent in my lifetime but they actually did it! No assassins or uplay's or micropayments. So what is this game about then?You control an adorable looking robot that has to climb this tree looking thing and help it grow larger. You get to explore all sorts of eco systems and collect shiny crystals that give you helpful abilities like a jetpack. Traversing the game world is quite fun as the robot moves like it just downed eight beers at once. Also you can grab a sprout and help it grow to a direction of your choice. It then grows more sprouts and leafs that you  can bounce off to greater heights. The objective is to help the sprouts connect to some sort of magical juice on some floating rocks that help the main part of The tree to grow larger in height. As you then climb this tree you get to see new places with all sorts of life and activities.The graphics are very minimalistic but very colourful. Controls are very intuitive with a pad, which is highly recommended to be used here. There is some variety in the areas you encounter to keep the gameplay fresh, but the climbing and making the tree grow is just so relaxing and sometimes terrifying too as you wobble around on those branches high above in the sky, so you have to be a bit careful sometimes. Very enjoyable game and definitely much more player involved climbing than in Assassins Creed..."
76561198051579341,Recommended,323320,16637065,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Clay,There is something highly satisfying & reassuring about having BUD climb and climb and climb...
76561198135169456,Recommended,323320,30157231,Posted: 24 February,all,mugen,Awesome experience! I loved this game - lots of climbing. Unique gameplay. I was into the world the whole time. Juping and glding around. Reaching great heights and then falling or making jumps. The game doesn't penalize you for all this. In the end I unlocked the achievement for longest freefall too. :) Had finished this game last year but really wanted to add a review for it.
,Recommended,323320,14404182,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ＨＴＨＮ,"First off. WOW. This game is amazing, but not in the way of lets say Bioshock. The game is farely simple, you run around collect crystals and grow this star plant thing. But that is not what make this game amazing, its the simplicity of the game its simply beautiful (no pun intended). It's more of a piece of art instead of a game it's vibrant and peace full. so if you're into just running around feeling peace at heart you should buy it. It's a good game. 8/10"
,Recommended,323320,16507247,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Biggie,"Great game to relax and just explore the beautiful environment. Collect crystals on the way (got 99/100 btw, a bit harder than it looks) and grow your plant in 3/4 hours of good fun.I'd recommend getting it on sale just because of it's longevity (very short) and has little to no replayability.8/10"
,Recommended,323320,21579224,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Quantum™,no uplay 10/10
,Recommended,323320,14513947,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,☠ Dignity ☠ [⇄],You walk like some guy who just drank 1 gallon of vodka
,Recommended,323320,14519117,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ToastSmack,"Do I recomend this game?Short answer: Ablsolutily! 100% Yes!Long Answer:Again yes. At first I was very skeptical of this game. Personally, I dont think that the trailer does this game the service it deservers.This game will take you on an adventure into the heavens of a distant world. On this ride, you will get to know the amazing character B.U.D . Though he doesnt say much there is a deeper character to this tiny little robot. He will make verious noises based on the situation, some happy, some sad. Even after all of that, the one thing this game excels at is the overarching sence of adventrue and exploration. Exploring the magical floating islands and discovering hidden caves gives this game defines this game and makes me keep comming back.  This is where alot of this games greatness comes from and overall is the cause for this review.In summery:The good:+ Sense of adventure+ Sense of hight and altitude+ Great character+ Visual Style+ Climbing machanics+ Character upgrades and unlockables+ Fun Gameplay+ Good priceThe bad:- Overal goal can be abit linear- Once you finish the game, and bonus objectives the games replayability disapears"
,Recommended,323320,16454280,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"Great game to play, its so open and peaceful that you learn to have fun in playing a game for fun. its safe for kids and it can offer a real challenge to any gamer after a few twist and turns growing home disoriented. 2hours is about how long youd play to grow home but collecting everything could take many more10+hours).After playing this game for a good time I enjoyed growing out instead of up. Making twists and loops, in effect making a giant safety net. I was stopping orbiting rocks from moving, I was a god! After all that I spent time at 99/100 crystals and I just glided through my creation always looking for that last mysterious crystal and all I need is to hear the sound it makes and ill find it! Getting an new outfits gives the game a bit of a mix up to the game if you want with more jump or long growth! -_o"
,Recommended,323320,16477120,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dr. Bob,A fun little game with a great artstyle and a nice soundtrack to go along with it. Would reccomend picking it up if you have the chance to do so.
,Recommended,323320,21402880,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Angelus_Caligo,"It's an interesting game, not an extremely long gametime, but can be quite enjoyable.The only problem is that the little robot, B.U.D., moves solely by kinetic based ragdoll physics. And let me assure you, when you're climbing a thousand ft high stalk, and the slightest misstep means having to climb back up a VERY long way, it makes you want to hunt down and strangle whoever was responsible for that desicion.So yeah, if you can deal with things like that, and you don't get easily aggravated by ragdoll physics that make the game almost impossible sometimes, I say go for it, it's a fun game.If the most annoying controls ever make you want to go on a manhunt for vengance, best leave this one be. For your own sake."
76561198112562492,Not Recommended,323320,31279943,Posted: 21 April,all,Carical,"This game isn't bad, I just found it very repetitive. The way to advance is the set from the beginning and doesn't change. On a positive note there is a lot to explore if that is your thing. However, exploration just for exploration's sake is not what motivates me."
,Recommended,323320,17110728,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Jordan Sinard,Every moment was just pure bliss! Please make another!
,Recommended,323320,17917557,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SquishyOG,"idk what to do, 10/10"
,Recommended,323320,20535057,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,sMashPiranha,i like this onerobot game
76561198082954530,Not Recommended,323320,20721231,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ananas_Bananas,ужас я 499 рублей отдал и она у меня не работает valve  верните мне мои деньги
76561198144067600,Recommended,323320,18332287,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sniffles,"Beautiful, Bright, Colorful & Fun. This game is worth it."
,Recommended,323320,24952379,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ChildishGiant,A beautiful calm sandbox game. Fun to 100% and a good time waster.
76561198129224328,Recommended,323320,24937905,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TapTap41,One of the greatest game I have played. 9/10
76561198133194134,Recommended,323320,24956050,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,LordDragon,I have played through this game once and now going through it again. I love this game and it is very much replayable. highly recommend.
,Recommended,323320,19696842,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Biskits,Stunning visuals and a character who you give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about. This game is perfect in every way. In fact! There's very little wildlife so actually accidentally dropping an animal in the water can make you cry... FOR DAYS! Amazing soundtrack that sounds like spore (kinda... maybe?)
76561198080207580,Recommended,323320,19757176,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Johnny B. Goode,"This game is a de-stressing fun romp through an interesting (small) world where i have spent hours just diving around and gliding. It is is my top ten favorite games i have ever played. I have bought it for 2 friends so far, and will buy it for more in the future. I absolutly love this game. It's a unique exploration game in a quircky universe and my only complaint is that there isnt more and more and more of it, because i could never have enough of this game."
76561198031065512,Recommended,323320,20230468,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Anders FI,Grow Home offered me and my family a great gaming experience in our living room. Works really well with Steam controller and Steam link on top of Linux host. The game is all about climbing and exploring in a simple but gorgeous graphical environment. This is my personal GOTY 2015. Highly recommend it and it's pricing is a bargain also!
,Recommended,323320,20700401,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Hudwyr,Pros-Fun storyline-Nice graphics-Casual to play-Clever climbing mechanicsCons-Slightly buggy hit-boxes-Not long enough
,Recommended,323320,14960796,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Puddy,Get. This. Game. Now.
,Recommended,323320,20185907,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RainbowLox,Banana.
,Recommended,323320,30758905,Posted: 26 March,all,The_Jackal,"Grow Home has a pretty interesting concept, its quite unique... The graphics are simple but pretty, gameplay takes some adaptation but it's easy enough, soundtrack is simple but good enough. It's short, but if you really want to explore everything then you might get some 3/4 hours out of it.Overall I think it's worth it's price, it's entertaining while it lasts and in the end, if it were to last much longer it would probably get boring."
,Recommended,323320,14376163,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,pgrts,"a wonderful game, only 3 hours long"
,Recommended,323320,14363861,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Meleticus,"9.5/10 .. cant beat it for only 8$!!!  spent two days enjoying it!!! best 8$s ive spent all year!  only reason i didnt give it a 10/10, is that it lacks replay value."
76561198123578003,Recommended,323320,14389981,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Meatbrick,I think they should add multiplayer. 9/10
,Recommended,323320,21799444,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,axaxax,"Best ""Jack and the Beanstalk"" simulator ever!"
,Recommended,323320,17553478,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Cydonia,"Climb around and find crystals, fly around on a leaf, throw sheep off cliffs. So much fun! :)Brilliant game,10/10buy it. :)"
,Recommended,323320,14427980,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Pops Freshenmëyer,"One of the most innovative and fun games I've played in a long time. Bud is adorable as well. Only downside was the game was 4-5 hours long and the soundtrack wasn't played enough- considering how awesome it is! Great game, would recommend to everyone."
76561198068912096,Recommended,323320,25298014,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Caud,It's just so pleasant. Highly recommend.
76561198056161285,Recommended,323320,26835224,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stajerka,"Oh, crap! I released the wrong mouse button... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
,Recommended,323320,30319166,Posted: 4 March,all,StarCarnival,"The art style is very pleasing on the eyes and the environments are beautiful. Sure it's not much when you start, but as you get higher its true beauty shines.With the music, It's very relaxing experience.Climbing can be a little difficult at times, but not because it's hard to control. It offers a fun challenge on top of your main goal and is usually rewarded with a crystal which is pretty neat.A lot of little secrets make this game kind of funny / cute too. For example,when you find the bull in the cave and it charges at you. Why? Because you're red of course. It's also pretty funny when you get it to run into the hole in the floor and you get an achievement when you do it so why not?Just seeing any animal in the game fall is pretty entertaining, in my opinion of course. Mainly because of their faces.There's alsoa sheep hidden underneath a pile of rocks early on in the game. While other sheep run away from you, this one will follow you around after you rescue it which was pretty cute.Overall, a very fun, cute, and relaxing game with a lot of fun little details."
76561198068531426,Recommended,323320,30263767,Posted: 1 March,all,Τσολιάς,Grow Home is a platformer with a ♥♥♥♥tone of exploration and fun.nuff said 10/10
76561198013398174,Recommended,323320,24285780,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mr. Wind-Up Bird,Fun game - get it on sale for $0.99. Can get to 100% completion in less than 5 hours.
,Recommended,323320,14738736,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"Spectacularly great Ubisoft indie platformer with stunning graphics, catchy music and intense gameplay. 10/10 much better 2 hour game than Gone Home."
,Recommended,323320,25375080,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,cold__,"Grow Home: Simplicity, heart, and personalityTL;DR: If you've ever wanted to recapture the feeling of innocence and discovery, you need to play this game (liking robots helps, too).I played this game, almost in its entirety, yesterday, on a lazy Sunday morning. I had felt a tiny bit hungover from going out the night before, so I wanted to pass some time with a game. I didn't feel like I had the mental capacity to play a fast-paced FPS or an intense puzzle game. I wanted something chill. Something relaxing. Something similar to Terraria, but with 1,000,000 less objectives. Then I remembered""Wait, didn't I just buyGrow Home?""Indeed I had. I saw that the sequel ""Grow Up"" was on sale on the Steam Store. A lot of the reviewers said ""Play 'Grow Home' first! It's a wonderful game!"" For such a loyal following of gamers, I thought it was a must-buy for my games library.Grow Home's theme is very simple:Walk,climb,grow, andfly. You play as B.O.B., a friendly child-like robot who is innocent and playful. B.O.B.'s goal is simple: Retrieve resources and information for his M.O.M. (a ""mother"" ship, quite literally).ProsRelaxing musicSimple controlsElicits emotions of serenityYou're a cute robotConsControls can sometimes not be consistentCamera sometimes fights with youOne of the very last bonus objectives is very difficult to findRatingsound = true|music = 9|controls = ( ""spaghetti"", ""stiff"", ""simple"" )|robot_humor = 9.5Seriously, though. Pick this game up. I love it."
76561198106291632,Recommended,323320,32623601,Posted: 21 June,all,Bassalissk,"A game for  those who enjoy climbing, exploring and falling off of floating islands"
76561198032356886,Recommended,323320,14663232,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ironpoptart,Pleasant/10
,Recommended,323320,14843457,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,zxxkid,I broke 3 fingers but it was worth it11/10
76561198044826349,Not Recommended,323320,30499910,Posted: 13 March,all,Burnered,"Mixed feelings, good enough game would only buy on sale but overal nothing here to recommend to others. Lesson in patience and while cute not enough here."
,Not Recommended,323320,29151875,Posted: 9 January,all,DeathMethanol,"You may not agree with me, but I really do not care. The following is my PERSONAL opinion.Sadly I cannot recommend this game.As I take it, this game, with its loveable graphic and a funny, little robot, was designed purely for relaxation - there is no higher plot whatsoever; just grab a controller, sit back on your couch/chair and relax - grow an interesting plant, collect crystals and discover fauna and flora of this little world.It does it! Everything is there! But..The only thing that ruins it all is the screw-up controlling. I cannot tell you how many times in this short game I got really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, because my robot didn't grab the plant and fell all the way down... And this game supposed to be relaxing. Also, you cannot remap the controler, just so you know.So - if you are better at controlling then me, then you will probably enjoy it. Otherwise, it will just upset you/make you angry.Consider yourself warned."
76561198145364643,Not Recommended,323320,31232521,Posted: 19 April,all,Faeriedust,"Lol sure the game is cute.. and sure the premise is neat..The game however seems to be aimed to make you rage as much as possible...You play as a clumsy robot trying to climb 2 kilometers high while collecting crystals... The problem is that it's never clear when you have a firm grasp on the terrain so you often will end up accidentally tumbling to your doom and have to reclimb miles of vine, just to end up falling again..There are some glitches that are really annoying sometimes as well.. like my robot appeared inside one of the vines so I couldn't see where i was going and ended up falling out... Also I had a couple hours of gameplay at one point in and then my computer battery died, and apparently this game only saves when you close it??? So i lost a couple hours of progress -_-Plus they have a system where you try to scan plants/animals, but you better be careful not to accidentally drop them... or you won't be able to complete this portion of the game (there isnt really a reload option as far as i can tell, ur just fked lol)You have to get on vines and control them to grow in the direction you want.. except it uses inverted y-axis control, normal x-axis control, so unless you're very used to this type of control, it's quite off-putting, and there is no way to change the options for this...There isn't really any music to speak of, which was a little disappointing, but ok I suppose.Idk I will finish this game, but I found it really really annoying (and I'm usually a pretty patient guy when it comes to games...)"
,Recommended,323320,14376546,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,aretes,"Grow Home is a unique game that utilizes a climbing mechanic where you control each grabbing hand independently. Left, right, left, right your way up a massive stalk and up floating bits of terrain. It makes an interesting rock climbing simulator. The stalk contains shoots of red flowers that you can ride like a rocket to connect the stalk to other bits of floating terrain. Easily worth $8."
76561198085601254,Recommended,323320,21237981,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Scorcher,This game is awsome gorugese and cool!
,Recommended,323320,27510366,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dizyland,Amazing! Really Recomend it!
,Recommended,323320,17733958,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Stryker,"One of a kind game, Truly. If you can find another game like this one, Heh good luck :) I would say it's a great exploration, adventure etc game, The mechanics are amazing."
,Recommended,323320,20387174,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dylan's Sister,"[10/10]In Grow Home, you play as a li'l robot named B.U.D. He's adorable.The game is very simple, but very enjoyable. All B.U.D. knows how to do is run around and grab stuff. It's great.You run around, grab rocks, put 'em in one of them red future devices, then they get scanned, and suddenly you know what rocks are! Also B.U.D. has a mom. Or a M.O.M. She says funny things to B.U.D. while he grabs rocks. I love it.You don't just have to grab rocks though. Grab plants! Grab fungus! Grab sheep! (Or meep, I believe they're called). You can even grab the walls! But not only do you grab them, you ascend! You climb them walls, brother, oh yeah! You climb walls and scale mountains and find caves! There are cave hidden throughout the world with little things in them. Nice!You can even scale the freaking humungous plant growing into the sky! Didn't notice it? Me either.You'll notice when scaling the freaking humungous plant that it has little branches coming off it. You grab the heads of those branches, and you can make them extend, and latch onto other islands floating in the sky! I didn't mention anything about floating islands? No one cares, I did now.Your basic objective is to use B.U.D. (which is an acronym if you didn't know. It means Botanical Utility Droid. Because plants and stuff) to scale the giant plant (it has a name but I forget what it is) and use it's little stems to latch onto islands and give the plant energy to grow. You want to help the plant grow until it buds a Star Seed, which you need to save your home planet. Or something like that.When you first start out, B.U.D. is lacking in power. You'll notice these little blue crystals sticking out of random places around the world; those are used to give B.U.D. power. Each crystal equates to 1% power (meaning you get 100 crystals to get to full power). The more power B.U.D. gets back, the more little gadgets he can use (like a jetpack). You don't have to get the crystals, they're just collectibles. But they make the experience that much more enjoyable.B.U.D. also has a Data Bank. It's where he keeps records of all the life he discovers on the alien planet. You can grab any plants, animals, basically anything that'll move with you when you grab it, and bring them back to any of your discovered tele-...routers? Tele-routers? Tele-porters? Tele-phones? I dunno, my memory isn't good and i'm too lazy to find out what they're called. Good reviewing. Anyway, you bring your captive to one of the red-future-warpy-things and M.O.M. records it's data and keeps it in your Data Bank. Useful! ...Okay, maybe not so much, but it's fun to explore the world and try to fill the Data Bank! I promise!There are also little items you can find in the world that help you stay airborne; there's the Fall Flower and the Leaf Glider. The Fall Flower let's you slowly hover around in the air until all it's petals fall off. The Leaf Glider lets you glide around. They're fun.Overall, this game is pretty casual. It's easy to pick up and play whenever you don't know what to play or just want to relax (relaxing is made especially easy with the nice ambience and soft sounds the game uses). I think I failed to mention that it's physics based, so it can be very comical at times, too. I'd recommend this game to anyone. It's short, but despite that I've put almost 10 hours into the game (when this review was written).Buy this game. Don't even wait for a sale, it's worth it at full price. But if you wanna wait for a sale, that's okay, no one's stopping you."
,Recommended,323320,14454832,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Splandido ☠,"Wow.Pros:+Quirky controls and gameplay+Adventure-tastic+Beautiful scenery+SPACE!+Good music+Challenging+Only 8$Cons:-Quirky controls and gameplay-Can be frustratingThere are still good people at Ubisoft. :) Pick up this game if it looks interesting to you, but having a controller is HIGHLY recommended."
,Not Recommended,323320,25940945,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,LennyS,"Poor mechanics written off as features, a jet pack that bud refuses to use, and iritatating physics"
,Recommended,323320,14773362,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,kccm,me and my w33d plant got really high and we found all the crystal meth and now i can fly.
76561198067045956,Recommended,323320,24031723,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,parkourmagicmanjoe,"It isn't the perfect game, but I have bad anxiety & I found this game pretty cool.  I'd recommend it."
76561198189085761,Recommended,323320,20138765,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RocketRaindrop,"An absolutely fantastic game. I havent had this much fun with any video game in a long time, probably not since the fallout 3 came out. Grow Home was really refreshing and relaxing and allowed me to create my own badass plant/tree thing. If you are looking to enjoy a non AAA title that will give you hours of fun, Grow Home is the game for you."
76561198089446185,Recommended,323320,27334467,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bizoppking,This game was super fun and i was intertained for hours love the game. SUPER THUMBS UP
,Recommended,323320,25935833,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"Grow Home is a wonderful game about controlling a little robot called B.U.D. The game is about climbing a ""star plant"" andmaking it grow in a way I don't want to say due to spoilers.I bought it and beat it in 3 hours. But that was just doing the main game. I didn't unlock nearly all there is to unlock.Some may say the climbing is repetitive. I agree if you play the game for too long you may get frusterated. It depends on who is playing the game.I don't find it repetitive unless I play for a long time but some don't fine it repetitive at all. Some just find the whole game repetitive.It all depends on you.I bought Grow Home and Grow Up on sale.But Grow Up didn't work on my PC because my specs weren't good enough.But I still absolutely loved Grow Home.I reccomnd you buy it if you want a peaceful game about climbing a tall plant thingy and exploring and doing other stuff.Yeah I'm not too good at writing reviews lol"
76561197987237048,Recommended,323320,17869727,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Fenrir,"At first I didn't like it, but after a while it grew on me."
,Recommended,323320,19919092,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Will,"Great atmosphere, great sound, great everything. I was really surprised how much I enjoyed this."
76561198092355728,Recommended,323320,14438897,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,uwu,This is the most fun I've had adventuring and exploring since Skyrim.
76561198201230013,Recommended,323320,23918714,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Gizzard The Lizard Wizard,Okay way to kill like 3 hours tops.
,Recommended,323320,30197552,Posted: 26 February,all,Jacky_Steve,It's a great game but the ending is so hard
,Recommended,323320,27766456,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pillowtalk,Quick and fun? Check.A robot that looks drunk? Check.Worth the price? Check.
,Recommended,323320,14334216,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Staemboat,goty 2015 u gotta play this
,Recommended,323320,30152146,Posted: 24 February,all,JPGAMEZ (Playing League),Actually pretty fun
,Recommended,323320,14380744,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,toontaco,Threw a dodo bird out of a waterfall.10/10 best feel good / calm down from busy day game
76561198179573613,Recommended,323320,21106116,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,◕ヮ◕*:･✧Moustache(ﾉ,"This game is amazing! Looking for a decent price, fun game to pass time. Buy Grow Home for an experience you will never forget!"
,Recommended,323320,21185505,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,VelocityMist the hippie,Grow Home is a sweet cute game. It kind of lacks...content though. It is cute how you can interact with certain objects. But really all you can/have to do is collect crystal shard things and build your way up to M.O.M.+Pros+Cute+Cool Skins+Has cards+Great Time Killer!!!-Cons-Lacks Content-Gets boring after awhile-It is hard to control BUDSo overall the game is like a 6/10 maybe 5/10. It might be worth a try but depending on what kind of person you are. If you like free roam and you are creative...GO FOR IT!
,Recommended,323320,19516404,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,genoforprez,"One of the coolest, most creative, most original games I have played in a long long time. If you're sick of every game being just a derivative of some other game you've already played one hundred times before, then I recommend grabbing this one if you'd like a rare breath of fresh air.Main objective is simple:1) Climb the trunk to reach the buds and grow them into branches that reach out to the crystals in order to make the trunk grow taller.2) Climb the now-taller trunk even higher and repeat step 1.3) Grow the trunk all the way to outer space.Side objectives:1) Collect the crystals hidden all over the islands to power up some simple robot abilities.2) Collect specimens and load them into the teleporter/analyzer for research.That's really all there is to it. On paper it sounds like nothing, but the climbing mechanic is so unique and growing the stalks is so original that it's just plain enthralling somehow.On my own scale below, I give this weird little game the full seven:7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out—especially if discounted.4) A pretty good game, but I would recommend buying it discounted.3) Worth checking out, but I would recommend buying it heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,323320,14607286,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,肥佬,我以前都不知道爬山原來這麽好玩
,Recommended,323320,16484999,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,calibrojosh10,What I liked:The joy of exploring and climbing aroundThe animation and physicsGrabbing things ( way more fun than it sounds)What You Need to Know:Short game ( can be extended by collecting all the crystals and seed stars)Very relaxing tone of gameplay and musicDoen't require Uplay!!!Slow start but gets good once you get the jetpackYour main goal is collecting crystalsMy Score:BPaid: $4Completed in: 3 hoursGames similar:CrackdownRodinaFrontiers
,Recommended,323320,14329472,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Taccotoast,"Really cool game, nice and colorful enviroment.The game mechanic is perfect, it feels like you have perfect control over  BUD.The addition of workshop maps would make this game truly perfect."
,Recommended,323320,16908341,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Moobabe,"It’s that singular vision that shouldn’t be unusual to fans of Ubisoft’s work though, but not since Far Cry 2 has the company committed so absolutely to their purpose. Grow Home offers a zero pressure game; grow the plant whenever, collect what you want, pull pumpkins around because you can. There are collectibles but unlike some of the studios other output there’s only one, and as you collect them you unlock new capabilities for exploration.Everything here feels like it was designed with purpose in mind, not padding, something that I hope Ubisoft consider a success going forward. The game is beautiful and fun, while the procedural nature of the Star Plant (and the sheer distance it grows) allows for some awe inspiring moments.They have created a game about playing. Not playing a game but playing as a child might. Using the tools provided Grow Home allows players to simply enjoy themselves; something that more developers need to take note of.http://www.permanent-beta.net/reviews-1/2015/5/7/grow-home"
76561198008559341,Recommended,323320,24946991,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Omni,yes
76561198127478309,Recommended,323320,30783462,Posted: 27 March,all,Keebler Fudge Stripe,"If you enjoy grasping huge firm green things and then riding them to make them grow, then this game is perfect for you"
76561198088346742,Recommended,323320,33986510,Posted: 2 August,all,GOOFY GOOBER,Vroom vroom vrooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom! That's probably what my cat was thinking when he stared out at the fast red car speeding down the street.
76561198086470529,Recommended,323320,33085841,Posted: 1 July,all,Trophy Wife,this game is adorable and fun and beautiful and it made me happy and you should buy it :)
76561198110382703,Recommended,323320,33136194,Posted: 2 July,all,GDog,"It's better than the sequel; the sequel had a big world, but not much to do. This is just an amazing work of art and worth every penny. :)"
76561198055909934,Recommended,323320,33757095,Posted: 23 July,all,Ichthyic Mechanism,"Look, I'm the sort of gamer who can be given a quest to save the world and promptly ignore it and go mountain climbing instead. I COULD slay the dragon... but wouldn't it be more fun to find out what's on that tiny island way off on the horizon?Grow Home feels like it's tailor-made for people like me who love to explore every nook and cranny of a game environment. And what a beautiful and charming environment it is! I loved every minute of my time in this world, whether I was reaching new heights, stumbling upon hidden curiosities, or performing daredevil feats to get my little robot hands on one more crystal."
,Recommended,323320,33192157,Posted: 3 July,all,Philkrew,"Really chill game, run around grab your collectables, explore the world! Grow is great for me when I don't want too much of a pressure to ""win"" at anything. Low learning curve and a lot to do around this world."
76561198200314354,Recommended,323320,24863217,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,⎛Nate⎞,"it's fun, there's a huge world,you can climb around on like a monkey,The controls are great,And the art style is neat.8.5/10"
,Recommended,323320,18710235,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Logicbomb,Fun and cute game that my 5 year old loves to play.  If you enjoy exploring new worlds and solving simple problems then you will enjoy this game.  Beautiful world to explore and for under $8 it's a steal.
76561198136348231,Recommended,323320,17293880,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,GL9106[Now with New HDD!(yay)],Totally worth it.Its awesome.10/10
,Recommended,323320,14349544,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Scabard,"Grow Home is one of those games which change the way you look at other games. The control method is amazing, with a ""why was this not done before"" feeling and i'd be very surprised if we don't see clones jumping up everywhere in a few months.The graphics are simplistic in nature but somehow still amaze you, it's very pretty down on the ground but as you get higher the sense of scale really comes into it's own and you really don't want to fall. Makeing jumps from one vine to another over a 1500m drop is actually quite a heart stopper.I played the game through in just a few hours yesterday, it won't keep you busy for days on end but you get plenty of play time for the price and it will call you back for some physics fun and to find all the hidden power crystals, so you will certainly get your moneys worth here.An instant classic, one of those games you will remember for years to come. It's such a fresh and inventive idea. I love it, my kids love it.. I just hope they bring out more worlds and more tools soon."
,Recommended,323320,20837534,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,AxisKronos™,Had an absolute blast with this game and honestly have no complaints. I wish it was longer but it is very cheap and i grabbed it on sale for $2.50 which made it an even better value. I focus on achievements and i must say that only 1 in this game (climby climby robot) was iritating due to how long it took ( 1 hour give or take). Overall amazing game and a fair amount of content for the price. Graphics are charming and fun to look at. Exploring is an absolute joy from the first minute to the last.8.5/10
76561197971117974,Not Recommended,323320,19976588,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tarvoskemwer,"Save your money, enjoy the trailer instead - because when you've seen the trailer, you've pretty much seen what the game have to offer, including the length of it.It has potential, but feels more like a proof of concept than an actual game."
,Recommended,323320,14362178,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[MERRY CHRISTMAS IN JULY],I hope this is a tech demo for the new Far Creed.
76561198067272789,Recommended,323320,20044577,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,smerde,A nice little and strange game which is fun to play. For extra effect play while stoned :)Only negative thing is that its published by ubisoft. ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft!
76561198194892262,Not Recommended,323320,23977891,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SoniCat911,"it absolutely sucks! the controlls are horrible. i don't see how you people think it's casual, my palms were sweating just trying to climb the freakin' thing and overallthe game is just horrible! don""'t get it."
,Recommended,323320,23121496,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,josh_m_moore,oh♥♥♥♥♥♥waddup
76561198334970026,Not Recommended,323320,25938049,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sles3,my game wont turn on
,Recommended,323320,14330980,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,3Crispy,"This is a game abount flying plant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥into space.Watch as your magnificant ""star plant"" (totally not a♥♥♥♥♥♥ penetrates island after island.Grow hard as your Plant grows skyward and penetrates the heavens.8===D/10Would get hard again."
,Recommended,323320,30271115,Posted: 1 March,all,Ren Chan,"This is a good game, it aligns with my gender identity as a vegtable."
,Recommended,323320,15053399,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,the bone zone,grow home is the most fun ive had playing as an autistic robot
,Recommended,323320,16858868,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"A unique gaming experience and a must play, reminds me of the glory days of revolutionary games like 'Magic Carpet' - Highly Recommended!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-Di0nRIPnsIn grow Home you experience the freedom of unbounded climbing as you take control of BUD, a procedurally animated robot on a quest to save his planet. Create your own path through an alien world as you control and ride a giant plant on a vertical journey to the stars. - Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,323320,14418389,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Fish,This is the most amazing steam game i have ever played! 10/10 totaly worth 8 bucks!
,Recommended,323320,19459458,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Snailiad The Almighty Cannoli,"I don't care what people say, I want this to be sold for much more. Why? Because it's earned it."
,Recommended,323320,14732937,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SN4KE,"The gameplay footage really turned me off at first, it looked like a rushed pile of garbage. But, graphics and animations don't make a game. I purchased this game solely because of its cheap price and good reviews.I don't regret my decision one bit. This game is so unique. The robot, bud and his silly animations and sounds are cute. Your ""mother"" constantly gives you positive reinforcement... although usually after plummetting 1500 meters do your death.I'm afraid of heights so it was exciting doing the platforming and cliffhanging part. Which is essentially the entire game. I know it's just a cartoon-like lowgrade graphics game, but you'll scream out loud once you've missed a vine trying to make a daring leap.10/10 2015 Cliffhanger Simulator"
,Recommended,323320,23594091,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,BIG SHAQ,STEP ONEDownload the gameSTEP TWOLaunch the gameSTEP THREEIm hijacking a ♥♥♥♥ing sheep into the water and killing her10/10 Best game 1420-1360
76561198122602170,Not Recommended,323320,30067163,Posted: 20 February,all,Falco,Drunk robot realistic/10
,Recommended,323320,16458596,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SpazMuffin,A very creative game with very fun mechanics and a relaxing yet challenging premise.
,Recommended,323320,14529537,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Crystal3lf,grass simulator 2015This game is god damn awesome. For $10 why do you not have this game! BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!
76561198056258956,Recommended,323320,14386772,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,FringedWig46,Really a great game love it!!!
76561198109752507,Recommended,323320,14578979,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,AnActualWalrus,Beautiful game....I tried to grab a crystal but fell over 200 meters before using my leaf to glide to safety.10/10
,Recommended,323320,16527244,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Craazy_ CSGOBOUNTY.com,"Its a great game and is awesome to play when bored.However, The main story (if you know how to play) can take 30mins(if you dont know how to play) around 2 hours.I would recommend getting this game on sale rather than wasting £5 on it.Not worth the money.I rate getting this game a YES only if its on sale, otherwise dont bother."
76561198158730625,Recommended,323320,14587894,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SwAgIn,great fun game for all
76561198045437142,Recommended,323320,14651617,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,AlienUnicorn,:')
76561198135855592,Recommended,323320,14482672,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Fope Prancis,"This is one of those games which I think is a breath of fresh air, something I feel is completely new. This game combines huge exploration with amazing design, graphics and colours. This game is still early access and contains a few of bugs and graphical problems, but through out the whole of the main story I paid almost no attention to any bugs as the gameplay and looks were SO impressive. I've enjoyed playing this game a lot, and because of the game's huge exploration details, I can continue to roam and adventure.I love this game."
,Recommended,323320,14336985,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,「fluffybeard」,
,Recommended,323320,14348451,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,WOLOLO,Its great but just a few collider issues like walking in/through the plant.
,Recommended,323320,14963052,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Ryan,Wonderful game worth a few of your hours.
,Recommended,323320,14347135,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,eCHUNKY Cumos,"I have played 43 minutes of this game, and it is outstanding. Never before have I felt the need to write a review of a game so quickly. Your character, BUD, is so fun to play as. He has this childlike energy towards his goals, he runs and climbs as if extremely eager to see what lies above. For not having played much of the game, 8/10. I'm sure this game will get the 2/10 later on."
,Recommended,323320,22091490,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Teufel124†,"Artistic, acrobatic, persistant, calming, challenging, and frustrating at times. But thats what makes it all the better. Soundtrack is wonderful, physics are actually well done, keeps you on your awake knowing you could fall to your demise at any slip of the finger. Over all, well done!"
76561198006745532,Recommended,323320,15063175,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Nguni,amazing and fun but co-op would be nice and it would be good if it offered more after finding all star cystals
,Recommended,323320,14681885,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,BanditPig,10/10 would put multi coloured turkeys in teleporters to find their identity again.
,Recommended,323320,14336137,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,ChoGGi,short and sweetI get kinda of a drunken master/rocketeer feeling
76561198063556304,Recommended,323320,16487603,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BW,"ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAME EVER, SO WORTH THE MONEY"
76561198102107008,Recommended,323320,16763082,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Puffin The Muffin,I recommend this game because its challenging unlike some games. But theres bad parts too sadly the developers don't release updates as much as they should its june and the last update was in march so i hope there will be more updates to come.
,Recommended,323320,20476661,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,OrionNorthwest,"Fun little platformer that has some cool gameplay mechanics (every surface can be climbed, growing plant shoots). My only complaint is there's no level editor, which would be an amazing addition to the game to see what kind of challenging maps people could make."
76561198042418133,Recommended,323320,14666668,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,brimby,Wanna watch the first 20 mins? Here ya go.http://youtu.be/EeycId0WG1IAs featured on the siteindieRuckus.com
,Recommended,323320,19166665,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,clout gang,"I had ten dollars. Then I bought this game, because I was sleep deprived at 2AM enough from studying for an exam I had the next day. I bought this game, beat it within two hours, and refunded it. Now I regret refunding it because of how fun it was.10/10"
,Recommended,323320,19747519,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Billy_Beaver28,"i love this game, it is one of my favorite gamesi highly recomend it"
76561197980113853,Recommended,323320,14382093,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,We Win Gracie,Best game I've played this year...  I'd go as far as putting it in my top 10 of all time..
,Recommended,323320,14426580,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ice_burg333,An absolute delight!
76561198035332125,Recommended,323320,14419909,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DuG,Great little game! Takes about 10mins to get used to the controls and away we go!
,Recommended,323320,14436578,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Irishmandkg,"Absolutley amazing, just play it."
,Recommended,323320,14390051,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Louis CK,Ubisoft somehow managed to make a game that is not♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,323320,14382376,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Fritjof,"Good, stress-free fun. It's nice to play a game so kinetic, rather than ""who's got the biggest numbers"".Just needs an elastic grappling gun."
,Recommended,323320,14382415,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ZaxBit,Grow home is a beautiful beautiful exploration game that I'm super glad I spent $8 on to get lost in for the afternoon.
76561197985199599,Recommended,323320,14418392,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nervous Bert,"Very enjoyable game, great fun to explore and actually quite nerve racking to climb high too. Beautiful environments and interesting mechanics too. Play with relaxing music for maximum effect."
,Recommended,323320,14650340,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,No.78,Very reasonable price for what is a very fun and quirky little game!Definitely recommended!
76561198002073999,Recommended,323320,14388737,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[Line of Eld] Cuthbert,10/10
,Recommended,323320,14419612,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tn=37+20Log(M)+20Log(Mhz),I am enjoying this very much.
76561198064917876,Recommended,323320,16230713,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dumpy the Dumpster Cat,Threw a dodo-like bird off a really tall plant. Would throw a dodo-like bird off a really tall plant again.
,Recommended,323320,17448827,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Othenheim,Just AWESOMELY fun ^^
,Recommended,323320,17264489,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,=lwx=,"This a beautiful game were you grow vines, collect crystals and jetpack around while holding sheep. An amazing game with an amazing soundtrack (which is free DLC if you own the game)"
,Recommended,323320,17567048,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ReBBeaR,i will give grow home a 11/11 because its really a fun game
,Recommended,323320,17287854,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,skumone,Interesting concept.My homie Bud goes hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥when he grows home.
76561198145516879,Recommended,323320,14923186,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Speedi,THIS GAME IS F***ING AWSEOME
,Recommended,323320,16878718,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Tohru (ᵔᴥᵔ),"i fell in love with this game after about 5 minutes ! Bud is so cute, who dosen't love him <3but please add 2 player :)"
76561198127272875,Recommended,323320,32900650,Posted: 27 June,all,fatkkid,yaaasss.
,Recommended,323320,14826224,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Reyedog,Now much like the original rayman series. I have grown to love this. Games like this show that with effort dedication and freedom Ubisoft employees can produce wonderful works of art like they used to in the past.  I think what makes this game unique is the freedom the dev team had with this project without worrying about tripple A deadlines.10/10 and deserves every award it earns.
,Recommended,323320,14331752,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,JC,"I woke up on a strange beach, and found that my arms were made of metal and I had massive eyes.  I looked around the area, inhaling some crystals I found, and came across a gigantic plant.  As I climbed it, it kept growing, and so I kept climbing.  Eventually, I was up in the clouds before I lost my footing, screaming as I was speeding towards the ground before hitting it hard and breaking into a thousand pieces...Once I came down from the acid, I headed home and decided to buy the game.  Looks good so far."
,Recommended,323320,19933645,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[NC] GanjaNinja,Such an annoying game! But love it so much! <3
,Recommended,323320,19657948,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,02.10.17 -> 02.1.18,"This is the sort of game you play on a bad day. I'm not joking.;)+ Relaxing - Exploring the world of Grow Home is a charm. A real damn charm finding crystals and growing your plant. It is a casual game, a peaceful one at that.  There are no threats in this world beside falling and them plant trap things when getting the crystal in the middle.+Challenging - Finding the 100 crystals is fun, I'm on 70 right now and 30 more for unlimited jetpack. Some are in caves, most are on the side of the floating mini islands, some on the side of cliffs and the rest on the ground. They are dotted around for you to glide/fly and climb your way to them.+ No Uplay client+ Upgrades improve the exploration the more crystals you get - Being able to zoom out so you have a wider view to spot the crystals is nice and a jetpack. So there is an incentive for people who aren't a completionist to collect all the crystals. They make the game easier but more fun, being able to glide with a leaf and then jet pack around the world feels awesome, especially when you get catapulted 1000m by a tree/leaf thing and being able to skydive to the bottom.-Jiggly movement of the bot is awkward but you get used to it.-Easily get bored so I advise to play in chunks-Not enough variety in biomes in my opinion. All there is are desert and green areas, the environment is pretty dissapointing.-Not sure what the rocks, plants are for. There are a few plants that do something butother than that there are alot of usless plants and I think it's a wasteful feature to be able to grapple things and all these plants around that do nothing.-animals dont do anything but they are cute. Not sure if a negative but it would make the game more interesting if they actually interacted with the player.Overall this game can be described as tediously fun."
,Recommended,323320,32261910,Posted: 7 June,all,Chrysalis420 The salty bitch,i recamend you get high or trip on some acid
,Recommended,323320,14341819,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,BONESNRUB,"Grow Home does a good job of satisfying my itch for discovery in gaming. The game asks the player to find some way from point A to point B and lacks any sort of immersion-breaking barriers like invisible walls. The game has some ostensibly finicky mechanics that have a learning curve, but are very robust once you actually master them. Collecting everything in the game wasn't immensely rewarding or necessary to complete the game, but I don't think that really matters much, because I found the act and challenge of collecting them very intrinsically satisfying. My only real complaint is that I think, of the six hours I've spent playing at the time of this review, I spent probably half of the time searching for the last 1% completion I needed, which can get tedious if you're really obsessed with getting everything. I think it's worth stressing the importance of having your speakers turned up, in order to take advantage of the game's subtle audio clues. That said, I found the game very enjoyable for what it was, and well worth the $10."
,Recommended,323320,28246282,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dranged,"Grow Home is a very fun, relaxing and unique experience unlike many other games I have played. When it comes to being unique this game is well worth the price tag.★★★★★★★★★☆9/10"
76561198178183959,Recommended,323320,26900390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,∀∫εχ,Very fun but my fingers hurt after holding down those controller buttons
,Recommended,323320,16331736,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,vaska00762,"A fun little game that's worthwhile and worth its price both on and off sale!Grow Home is made by Ubisoft Reflection, an in-house development studio that originally made the game to share amongst themselves. Following its popularity, it was then distrubuted on the Steam Store.Grow Home actually reminds me of a Mario 3D platformer, only this is actually better graphically, and gameplay wise. It's much simpler and actually focusses a lot more on exploration and the vast area where you explore.Controls are simple and are fun, though I recommend a gamepad as it's much more effective when doing things such as climbing surfaces and controlling movement through the air.Graphically, it's simple, with models deliberately designed to not be curved, but that gives the game a great charm, almost as if all the objects were made with origami paper.And best of all no UPlay!"
76561198094526230,Recommended,323320,15822491,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Straynj,"I love this game i really do, i played it for a few hours but the next day when i tried to play, loaded up my save file but thats the problem, i couldnt it wouldnt let me load the game, i tried reinstalling, creating a new file, changing settings so please let me play again.But until this bug is fixed i really cant recomend it :(EDIT: Game now works! its graphics are fun and bubbly with noises that are cute and just the gameplay is smooth and relaxing and you can spend hours upon hours exploring every nook and cranny! And not only is it a amazing game, its simple design works great and can be learned within minutes!But desipe its $10 price, the game costs around $30 or $40 because to really enjoy it, you need a controller. But if you cant afford one, dont hesitate buy this game!"
,Recommended,323320,14345023,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,feletan,"Climbed really high, Found a sheep kept throwing it off the cliff, got an achievement for it.11/10 would sheep again."
,Recommended,323320,14438175,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Vertinove,This is an amazing exploration game with a ton of cool features that make exploring fun.
,Recommended,323320,14391505,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Air50HE,"Short but fun game with an interesting gameplay concept. As you get more familiar with your ""character"", climbing, jumping and falling around the world gets increasingly delightful. Finding all collectibles motivates you to spend more time in the one level the game has. For a fun weekend the price definitely is right."
76561198128527113,Recommended,323320,14391761,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,JustiFy,"This game is incredibly fun, relaxing, and definitely worth the price! It is visually appealing and has not fallen under the spell of over-the-top monetization. The only problem I have with the game is that there is only one map, but hopefully the devs add more in the future :)"
76561198091091865,Recommended,323320,25331988,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,parax,Very tired and nervous to keep from falling rather than relaxed
76561198016583722,Recommended,323320,14331573,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Daddy Coyote: Snuggle master,"Thia is an amazing game, the robot alone is worth the price. :)"
,Recommended,323320,21135384,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,At least i can bhop,"very well made, and lots of fun."
76561198048456597,Recommended,323320,14362160,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Pvt. Fucking Joker,"Grow home is and amazing atmospheric adventure game  where you  take the role of a cute little robot named BUD, BUD is a cute litte robot that requires energy crystals to upgrade his mobility and skills over time. The objective of this game is to explore and grow the star flower to earth by using the roots and attaching to differnt planets life resources. So far i give this a solid 9/10 mainly because i think BUD could be a little less clunky but the beautiful atmosphere and wonderful music make the game very peaceful and relaxing after a long day or if you just want to get away from the stress of some first person shooters.Watch my walkthrough here!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aa2yZ8NhVh0"
76561198293340330,Recommended,323320,23770967,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ypiekilly555,This game is so fun
,Recommended,323320,20766281,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Gabe,"AMAZing, I want Grow Home 2 it has adventure, exploring and very fun!"
76561197995369485,Recommended,323320,23791802,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Substance,"Really reminds me of Jack and the BeanStalk, just becareful if the silly robot falls. Best to open the check point slots as quick as you can spot them. Grow Home is short and full of charm, I finished it in less than 4 hours though, good to buy on a sale."
,Recommended,323320,14880976,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Alrami,This game is about sex and the sexy sex you have when you are having sex.9/10 Would sex again.
76561198031278560,Recommended,323320,14331133,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Othobrithol,"This is the most fun I've had legally for $7. It takes a little bit to get used to the swervy drunk robot walk, but within an hour you'll be making leaps and stunts that would make an 80s action star cringe. Imagine sort of like a 3d mario game mixed with a moutain climbing simulator and one of those >snore< ""explore while we read poetry to you"" ""games""....except no poetry.Level design could almost be described as minimalist, but that would be inaccurate. It has everything it needs, plenty of ambience, good details but just has a simple, elegant style to it. It's almost like this world wants you to know right up front it is a computer game but also its own universe. The world is generally a pleasure to explore with lots of hidden crystals in odd places, hidden caves etc.Great fun."
76561198146678450,Recommended,323320,29451283,Posted: 23 January,all,Cincinati Slasher,good
,Recommended,323320,25222730,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ajmarin,This game is beautifully designed and quite fun to play.
76561198120478707,Recommended,323320,25124867,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,meamesboy101,Its a good game. nuff said.
,Recommended,323320,25244111,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Pete Simpson,This game is so sweet.  Play it and fall in love with little BUD.
,Recommended,323320,25242711,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Schmaron,I absolutely love this game.  Do yourself a favor and play it.
76561198193576228,Recommended,323320,25219381,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,IronAnimatez,A great game
,Recommended,323320,23185031,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/VxYbPap3X38It doesn't take long to realise why this BUD is the best.  He may wobble but he doesn't fall down, or well he at least gets up pretty quickly after a fall.This exploration based platformer offers charmingly simple visuals and a large vertical space to grow into while searching for power crystals along the way.  While the overall challenge is low this 4~6 hour experience will grow on you by the end.Disclosure: During the production of 'Grow Home' I was employed by Ubisoft but did not work on this project."
,Recommended,323320,14342915,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Faxen,"Fun game for sure, but the controls sometimes make my blood boil, when the robot will just decide that he wants to go right mid-jump, and flies miles off a cliff into the ocean. Very fun game, would recommend it,"
,Recommended,323320,14778951,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Brett,"One of the most interesting and refreshing games to come along over the past few years, For $10 its a steal."
,Recommended,323320,18841903,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,Someone smoked way too much weed and decided to play around with inverse kinematics.Get it on sale.
76561198190816618,Recommended,323320,28966231,Posted: 2 January,all,Big Belly Buddha,This game is great to wate your time
76561198202635132,Recommended,323320,33579281,Posted: 16 July,all,Deploy_Man,very well made game
76561198123230508,Recommended,323320,33785053,Posted: 25 July,all,SeeDotKay (wife beater),game is amazingly relaxing
76561198125318923,Recommended,323320,33492699,Posted: 12 July,all,bloodthirsty,I wonder whats in those crystals...
,Recommended,323320,33595567,Posted: 16 July,all,hon med två sår,"This game is a joy to control, the climbing system is fun and the verticality is really great. The best thing, though, is the beanstalk system where you can control where the shoots go. If you don't want to climb back up to an area (and haven't unlocked the teleporter), just make a whole new branch go up to where you want to be. The game is short, only a few hours, but if you want to 100% it there is a little more to do after you finish the main objective."
76561198089484361,Recommended,323320,33767013,Posted: 24 July,all,Rice Cake,"I played trough the story but i will continue to pley it until i get 100%. The game was very much fun and the graphics are beautiful, but whats missing is a soundtrack and a little bit more story. Overall a great game"
,Recommended,323320,24284367,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,♠ ZYZO ♠ 🆅🅰🅻🆅,best skydiving ever 10/10
,Recommended,323320,14346653,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,hoohex,"this games pretty cool, growing plants is zen"
76561198078784062,Recommended,323320,14353691,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Tozo,"This Game is amazing, a must-have in every Steam Library !!"
,Recommended,323320,14366402,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,m A R T Y,"Grow Home is the best and most functional thing published by Ubisoft in a long time.The game has you playing as a little red robot named B.U.D stumbling his way through a beautifully crafted low-poly alien planet trying to grow a plant toward the sky.The concept is simple and well executed but this is not where the magic lies, if you look past the simple graphics and standard rinse-repeat(ish) gameplay it opens up into a little slice of gold. The climbing mechanic may be at the core of it's gameplay but the real beauty is in it's hidden caves and 'drunk-baby' like movement. It provides a good challenge with plenty of reward (without spoiling anything)Many of the reviews here state that there isn't much past the initial climb and collecting all 100 gems doesn't interest them, but the real joy comes from trying to complete this 100%The only real downside to this game is that it isn't long enough, not in the ""it's too short and isn't worth the money"" way, more the ""this game is so good there needs to be more"" way.The game is an absolute delight and perfect for the price. 9/10"
,Recommended,323320,20453592,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Etznab,"This is a game I loved playing from beginning to end. Definitely a must buy, 10/10.And seriously - first i was very sceptical because of the graphics. But don't bother, this is a massively fun game. You'll definitely see the sadness of having a lack of inspired games like this, once finished."
,Recommended,323320,19332524,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Aartform Games,"I was moments away from rage-quitting in the first few minutes with the shaky animation and unpredictable and slow climbing mechanic... but I'm glad I stuck with it. Later on the jumping, gliding, jetpack and exploring is loads of fun, and you hardly ever need to climb long distances.I wouldn't rate the ""unique climbing experience"" as a selling point... almost any game with climbing does it better than this. But the rest of the game experience is lovely, the tone, art, collectables, upgrades are all well balanced within a short but loveable game."
,Recommended,323320,24759903,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,StellarShade,I enjoyed this game so very much and cant wait to see the next one.
,Recommended,323320,34004692,Posted: 3 August,all,huey,cool game young blood indie game nice!
,Recommended,323320,34282524,Posted: 16 August,all,"gui fiery, mayor of flavortown","Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game will make you so happy. A thoroughly joyous, relaxing, cheerful exploration game with no pressure and a lot of personality."
,Recommended,323320,34087304,Posted: 7 August,all,Surfingmonkey88,OMG DIS IS DA BEST GAME EVAHHHHHH
76561198170463070,Recommended,323320,16799355,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Shart,"By far one of the best video games I have ever played in my 14+ years of videogame knowledge/experience. Buy this game even though it may be short, it has amazing visuals, ""story"", and maybe not so much on the gameplay."
,Recommended,323320,14636282,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Cogglesz,"Honestly the best game published by Ubisoft in a long time. It was unexpected and really highly polished. I've not really played a game like this before but the animations and physics are real smooth. No disapointing problems and no Uplay to worry about. Just loads up straight from steam like any other game. The graphics are really crisp, AA is lacking but it is possible to enable it. I can't get over the size of the world to be honest, it goes hundreds if not thousands of metres into the air while you grow this mother plant by placing sproutlings into certain rocks with a yellow glow to them.Its a seriously good chilled out game to relax to. Totally worth the price in my opinion. I'd advise you to check some youtube videos of this game to see if its the right thing for you. Ubisoft have dissapointed many last year with what i'd call over hyped releases. However this one is a proper release from Ubisoft. Don't let the name put you off, the people who worked on this genuinely done an outstanding job!"
76561198140085800,Recommended,323320,16474350,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheIdioticGamer,"Best Ubisoft game in like, forever"
,Recommended,323320,14371167,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kanabalt,Awesome. Beautiful. Fun. Unique. Very short.
,Recommended,323320,14353391,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,lokijki,"I've just completed the ""main objective"" of the game, and I'm definitely planning to dive back into it soon to get all the remaining... crystal thingies, but even without that, this game was well worth the price of admission.I've seen a few comparisons between this and games like Goat Simulator and I Am Bread, which are not unwarranted, but I think there are a few key differences. One is that while movement in this game almost always appears clumsy (in an incredibly adorable way), it very rarely feels clumsy. Your character (B.U.D.) will trip and fall and step on his own head as you walk and climb, but you're always moving in your intended direction. Climbing is also effortless, as attempting to hold onto a spot out of reach will pull your character toward it.You also have a pretty clear objective in the game, and there's a good sense of forward (upward?) momentum. You climb higher, unlock new abilities, find new and more interesting plants and animals. At the same time, there's a ton to play with that has nothing to do with your objective. Throw sheep off cliffs, throw plants off cliffs, throw plants off cliffs at sheep, throw yourself from space to the bottom of the world onto a sheep. There's also a bird, and I love him.But yeah, the game is simply joyous. I say, play it.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLT0LezTR7SiNwyHJ1d01t9TPrCb4WmPdc"
,Recommended,323320,15083679,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,aByZMal,A very subliminal game where you must mount mini♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥coming off a central large♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to make it grow larger and erect before blooming into a flower - Would erect♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Not Recommended,323320,24150751,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Lord Trent Kelto,"First time I booted up the game, it sat at a black screen for what felt like several minutes and never loaded.  I thought, 'ok, I'll just restart it!'Got it up and running after only a brief black screen, seemed to run fine but wouldn't accept my steam controller.  Decided to restart it again.I haven't gotten it to successfully start yet.  It just always sits at a black screen.  :/If this issue is resolved, I will probably update this review."
,Not Recommended,323320,24241203,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,PrimeSonic,"For all the praise this game gets for being innovative in its movement mechanics, there's two flaws that stem directly from design choices that make it more frustrating than fun.First issue:When walking around, you build up and lose momentum very gradually. This means that it takes a long time to get up to your max walking speed and then, it takes you that same long time to come to a stop.It's like the game is on permanent ice physics or something and makes you feel like you're constantly fighting the controls anytime you aren't climbing.The second issue comes partially as a consequence of the first:Because things are so slippery, it's all too easy to make a mistake and fall off the branch you were trying to move across.And then, you'll realize that, unless you happened to be close to a teleporter, that little mistake that had you falling for a few seconds will cost you several minutes of climbing to recover from.From what I played, the game offers you at least 2 different gliding mechanics that make it possible to traverse the large horizontal gaps between branches.But in my time, I found nothing that makes ascending any quicker.You're stuck climbing hand-over-hand back to where you were.This was punishing enough that I turned off the game then an there.For the interesing and almost refreshing climbing mechanics used in this game, getting around feels like more of a chore than anything else.And the slippery controls don't let you feel in control of the situation any time you're not holding onto a wall.If the idea of using the hand-over-hand climbing was intended to give you a closer feeling of you being the one doing the climbing, then why was the walking made to feeling like trying to speed up and slow down a greased up ball on ice?There certainly is challenge in this game and for some it might even be rewarding as you make your way up and grow the plant to higher altitudes.But others may just find the controls too frustrating and clunky to enjoy with the game as a whole being quite punishing when you can lose a sizeable amount of time with a single, all-too-easy-to-commit accidental fall.Sadly, I don't recommend this unless you have a high tolerance for punishment and for replaying (re-climbing) the same sections over and over every time you slip."
76561198208000924,Not Recommended,323320,22772410,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,spookyjim,"know this is just an opinion of me and i do like the game but for me it was just a too short. like i wish there was just more because after you finish it, youre done. you cant do anything else because it just gets repetative. it only takes about like 5 hours to complete nad after that it just sits in your library. just wish there was more"
76561198073319250,Not Recommended,323320,24121185,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ralph,"Even though I don't recommend this game I still think there are some fantastic positive aspects to this title, one being the theme song, of course; out of all of the games I have played this is probably in my top ten when it comes to music. Not only is the music fantastic, but it suits the quirky art style of the game perfectly. And speaking of looks this game also has beautiful graphics as well as good aesthetics to compliment it. Also this game has fantastic marketing which grabbed my attention quicker than most games I've seen and played. So, in terms of art and marketing, this game ticked every box. It's the gameplay design that failed for me with repetitive and often tedius moments with a bad remote setup for anybody using a logitech remote like myself. The controls would have been fine if the developers had given the player the ability to change the control settings, but the developers neglected this.Now, in regards to gameplay I mentioned earlier. What you see in the trailer for this game is really all you get. The goal in this game is to build some sort of plantation growth (for lack of a better term) to penetrate through multiple rock survices and your goal with this is to obviously grow the stalk as high as you can. Now in order to grow this huge stalk you must stimulate other sub-growths which are attached to the largest growth and these sub-growths must penetrate into other rocks so the largest growth can absorb energy. Most of these sub-growths were the game breaker for me as most of the growths I stimulated would spiral away from the rocks, placing you in a position where you just had to basically keep your fingers crossed when it came to finding the right growth. Even the growths that were pointing directly at rocks would spiral away from them and there would often be times when I would fall constantly and attempt to climb again, and again. It would have been great if the player had the ability to control the growths while giving them a distance limit. Since these growths were the only tool you had to proceed through the game and their mechanics failed for me, I can't recommend this game. Sorry"
,Recommended,323320,14810089,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kodak White™,E.T. Grow Home.
,Not Recommended,323320,24244680,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Riko,"READ FIRST:I actually recommend this game if you think a short lasting platformer with no special challenges is worth your money.Grow Home a fun 3D game in which you are assigned a mission to explore, collect and climb. Aside from collectible items,and the bonus mission,Grow Home can last for less than 2 hours.Additionally, Grow Home has a character that keeps you some company with a bit of funny and encouraging dialogue.The negatives:However, I will not recommend it because:It's simply too short. The extra content is to collect items around the map.The ""playground"" you are given at the end of the game gets old very fast if you have gotten all collectibles.As stated earlier, there are no other challenges than to move around with the tools that you are given. This is a con becauseafter you've collected all 100 gems, there's no challenge left in the game.I experienced some motion sickness."
,Recommended,323320,14330388,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,moolgrorg glormfk,"very relaxing and intriguing babby game, the sound and look and also feel of the game is easy on the brain. but when you are about to fall off and realize you have forgot to ready those pesky red checkpoints, butt cheek clenching ensues.10/10 butts. a very well made babby game."
,Recommended,323320,19349417,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SOCOM,probably the one good thing to come out of ubisoft as of late.
,Recommended,323320,14881753,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,c h A d,Found a giant dodo and dragged it off a cliff.10/10
,Recommended,323320,14451948,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Torty,A relaxing and immersive casual experience based on an interesting and original idea. Very enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,323320,29842230,Posted: 11 February,all,Rawhidewow,can't get the game to start and there is no support on steam except for a link to other fourms after creating an account on that site no reply in over 24 hrs i cannot recomend this game as it seams to have been abandoned in an unplayable state
,Recommended,323320,15096895,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Teekay,"""Like Surgeon Simulator '13 with boner-climbing mechanics"" -IGN 11/10 would boner again best joke EU xDDDDDOn a serious note, other than the slightly obnoxious ""Growing"" controls this game is ♥♥♥♥ing phenominal. You've got a huge creative world to explore and the visuals are breath-taking! Climbing itself is surprisingly fun and manageable too with the countless ways you can get around the world.Overall: Well played Ubisoft, Well played."
,Recommended,323320,14336640,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,xbenblasterx,"Certainly wasn't the Gone Home sequel I was expecting, but I enjoyed it thoroughly none the less!"
76561198064001910,Recommended,323320,16248803,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Roborhugo,"Grow home is a very easy to understand casual adventure game about, growing home. It gives you about 3-5 hours of gameplay depending on how strongly you go for the main objective. I recommend it strongly to any player who doesn't play (almost) only competetive, it's not a game that you speed run, it's a game that you take your time with and enjoy every single moment. Thumbs up creators, thumbs up."
,Recommended,323320,16456814,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SpectreDaemon,Good
,Recommended,323320,16343197,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,My advice to those who find this game dull and impossible becasuse you literally have to go into space on a beanstalk:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuHfVn_cfHU
,Recommended,323320,14398667,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,a real king,"The artstyle isn't all that bad, the game is incredibly charming, there is a HUGE emphasis on exploration, and most importantly:UPLAY IS NOT REQUIREDThis is a game that everyone should try out."
,Recommended,323320,14349864,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,pinkBrood,"Not the longest of games, but pure enjoyment was had from every hour, from the way BUD moves and climbs, to how you ride the ever-growing plant you nurture. I have not completed everything in the game, but i think i have finished the biggest/main part so its a bit short. However i still think the game was worth every penny (read: euros)."
,Recommended,323320,15112175,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Overfront-64,Awesome game I realy like it!
,Recommended,323320,14356995,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Kunstbanause,!
76561198038896729,Recommended,323320,14345776,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mirilion,"Fun game. Nice graphics, smooth controls (using an xbox 360 controller), fun exploration and movement.Considering the price tag it's basically a must-buy."
,Recommended,323320,14737737,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Uneazy,"It's cool and all and only $8 but it's not great. The animations and graphics are buggy which kind of takes away from one of the biggest things this game has going for it. I think they could've easily put some effort into making it a great game instead of what it is, which is simply collecting junk in the world and ""exploring"" by growing branches higher up. I won't complain at $8 though it's fun to play when bored and i'll probably eventually go for the achievements."
76561198118057251,Recommended,323320,22714910,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Flatulent Shadow,SO MUCH LOVE! See the love here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snjE_EKsAyo&list=PL496UtrqkCWVBQNlfrQI7CMBPufCVftc-
,Recommended,323320,20118396,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,memer yes,I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,323320,20883886,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Soybeam,It's one of those games that my mom gets jealous of because there's a character in it called mom... She is also jealous of Pokemon and parts of Animal Crossing...
,Recommended,323320,25406636,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Uncle Adolf,Beautiful. Deserving of praise. Haven't seen stuff that was this beautiful from ubisoft since Rayman 2 on the dreamcast
76561198111054759,Recommended,323320,14941321,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Jiffypop,"Beep, boop"
76561198063963211,Recommended,323320,22486695,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,"a tale about a young robot who discovers his self, and his sick sexual fetishes"
,Recommended,323320,17082809,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,alilgoat,"Get it on sale.Interesting experience, but not worth $8.HOWEVER, all my little cousins LOVE this game.... if you've got kids new to gaming, buy this for them!"
,Recommended,323320,30953608,Posted: 4 April,all,Crawling in my Crawl,just look at the first word in the namebow chicka bow wow
,Not Recommended,323320,19858075,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tillburg,"+ charming / relaxing aesthetic+ has potential to build into a good game for the sequel- slippery controls. In a game where progress is given and taken away by your ability to not screw up, the controls desperately need to be better than this.- progress is slow and unrewarding. Every so often you'll unlock a new platform to teleport to or maybe a new environment to traverse the vine, but the more progress you make just serves to make you fall even farther.- falling is debilitating. Like I stated earlier, the controls are not good. This will lead to an eventual fall... followed by another... and sometimes these falls will cause you to redo 10 minutes of climbing or more. It doesn't help that the climbing isn't fun either.Bad gamefeel with a minimal rewards system doesn't encourage people to continue playing, resulting in a frustrating experience. They have a good idea in Grow Home but for now you're safe to save your money for a later title in the series than this one right here."
,Not Recommended,323320,20279910,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Arsene-Lupin,"A very interesting experimental, physics-based platformer with novel traversal mechanics, Grow Home is unfortunately burdened by a number of flaws, ranging from poor level design (expect lots of tedious backtracking), anachronistic gameplay mechanics (expect lots of tedious hunting-for-hidden-collectables), and an overall lack of polish.Many of the ideas in the game are good ones--ideas that the platforming genre rather needs, now more than ever--but the defining aspect of a platformer is not whether it has interesting or compelling ideas behind it, but whether or not the traversal mechanics are natural and enjoyable. And while Grow Home's traversal mechanics are interesting, and have a great deal of potential... they are insufficiently polished to be very enjoyable, and the tedious level design only exacerbates the problem. If I'm not having fun the first time I climb up a very tall vine to collect a glowing jewel, I'm not going to have much fun the 42nd time, either.Grow Home also runs into the same problem every other physics-based platformer runs into: physics-based platforming simply isn't very enjoyable due to the lack of precision and control the player is able to exert over his or her avatar. If ""B.U.D.'s"" movements were a bit more refined--if he could come to a stop more quickly and more precisely, if he could affect his descent with more accuracy, and project his leaps with more control... Grow Home would be a much better game.I'll keep a hopeful eye out for a sequel to Grow Home, or any other game that attempts to iterate on it--but by itself, this game is more a novelty than anything else: something to examine for a few minutes and marvel at, and then set aside."
,Recommended,323320,14340125,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Emilia,Grow home you're drunk.
,Recommended,323320,14334250,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,goodbye,Its fantastic and a great game to put on music and relax.
,Recommended,323320,14447445,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,rigs19,10/10 Better than Assassin's Creed Unity.
,Recommended,323320,14552105,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Furret,Killed a bull by making it fall down a holeGot an achievement for it10/10
76561198023128861,Recommended,323320,14374007,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ravravine,"Jumped on a vine.Grew big and hardPenetrated a rockJumped on another vineGrew big and hardMissed the rockPenetrated the duck10/10 would penetrate duck againIn all seriousness though ubisoft have taken what they're known for (climbing) and made a lovely little game out of it. The art style pops and although the physics feel a bit like a drunk man, it creates a more unique experience. The way the vines grow feel fluid and the game has good pace. Its not very long but for £5.99 you're getting a memorable gameActual score 8/10"
,Recommended,323320,14450140,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,John Cena,awesome climbing game its sad but i love it but i wish theres dlc
,Recommended,323320,14516046,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Grizzly,"This whole game is just one big fertilization. Seriously, implanting a sperm-like stalk into floating island, somewhat like an egg so the two will be joined? THESE AREN'T TENTACLES. THEY'RE GENTICLES!10 of 10 would play a large part in the making of a tentacle hentai movie again."
76561197976729277,Recommended,323320,19094564,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Telimaktar,"Wow, ended up being pretty epic, and this game is begging for VR.Riding a growing root is pretty sweet.Pity it was so short."
,Not Recommended,323320,25202719,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MaelStrom,Its fan tastic but cannot reconcile price with content
,Recommended,323320,14364282,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Gunner,"Played 90 minutes.Fun, simple, like it.yay!"
,Not Recommended,323320,35248819,Posted: 27 September,all,HvSxLegitz,It's crap keeps rotating my camera and i cant do anything because of it
,Recommended,323320,14369262,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ninja Challenge,"Like Mount Your Friends, but not."
76561198025552629,Not Recommended,323320,21180105,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dee,"Sadly this game doesn't work at all, which is disappointing because it looks very good. The game will not start on my laptop, and before you make assumptions, my laptop is significantly better than the recommended requirements.Check the discussions before you buy this game, there are many other people having the same problem as me among loads of other problems and bugs.I will be applying for a refund."
76561198168380585,Not Recommended,323320,23781032,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,gunar,There's no way to enable Anti-Aliasing. Such a shame.
,Recommended,323320,16583324,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sp4rkR4t,A tiny bit of joy in a desolate gaming world.
,Not Recommended,323320,34989157,Posted: 15 September,all,Wolfalpaca,This is pretty much a rip off now that i look at it bought it a year or 2 ago and then they released Grow up Its not worth the money its short and has not much to do other than that it just Grow up Smaller and you can pick things up
76561197992780986,Recommended,323320,14337436,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Fenix,"this is my first review because this game is amazing.i would imagine if you did not have a fear of heights, this game could give you one, and if you already did, you might just have a heart attack.something about the sense of scale in this game is mind blowing. i went to all the rocks and some were up to 3 vines growth away from the main vine.some advice if you get tired of climbing: use the growth mechanic as a transport. the vines go really far, and there is almost always another flower not far from the end. also, the hang glider can help you get across or back to the main vine. the game doesnt have to be all climbing.i have 85+ crystals collected and 3 of the secondary missions collectibles remaining.absolutely wonderful, and if it was somehow longer/had more to it, it would be worth at least $15 maybe even $20."
76561197998784855,Recommended,323320,14571183,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ShMo,"Sit down, have a nice cup of your favorite drink, and enjoy the fresh breath of ideas thatGrow Homeengulfs you in.Take in the sights, do a daring freefall all the way down the atmosphere, mess around with the bug-eyed critters and have a great time.Become remarkably agile and start jumping off walls while playing your momentum like a flute.Then challenge yourself to absurd limitations like I did, such as no jumping."
,Recommended,323320,32503941,Posted: 17 June,all,Gay Guillaume,grow home and be a family man
76561198067444037,Recommended,323320,20225301,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Heiach,"This game is incredible. It's simple yet wonderfully immersive. You take the role of B.U.D, a character I likened to a drunken toddler. Y'see, he can't walk or run too well, but he can climb like a champion! You have to use the bumper/trigger buttons to control his left and right arms to climb just about any surface you can dream of.Here are some of my favorite moments:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWK2p_8Kb88As you journey upwards to try and grow the Star Plant as high as you can, you'll no doubt find little glowing crystals along the way. As you collect them, B.U.D will gradually gain upgrades and new abilities. This is a game that just keeps on giving. I won't spoil some of the new features added as you get toward the top of the plant.From the adorable sounds B.U.D makes, to the sarcasm of M.O.M, this game can't fail to please. I highly recommend it, it's worth every Cent. I've no doubt that I'm gonna replay it, if only to 100% it. I'd love to see more of this game, perhaps play with some mods too.You won't regret this purchase!"
,Recommended,323320,31404665,Posted: 27 April,all,Mango,This is a video game.
76561198092454265,Recommended,323320,14327624,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Hermlosch,"Hi there folks, this is my review of the game Grow home. To start of with you are thrown into  a world of sheep crystle...things and one hell of a giant plant on which you ride to differnt islands in order to make it grow higher and higher and higher. The mechanics of the game are very odd, and this is a good and enjoyable kinda odd. You play as a lovely little robot named BUD, and he will flop, float, glide and ride all the way through the world with a wierd drunken quility. This game is highly enjoyable and I havent a clue why. Thats why you should get this game, its crazy and just a hell of a good game. Well done Ubisoft...Well done!However if you dont believe me then check out my first impressions on the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGO4I3vrXzw"
,Not Recommended,323320,19016452,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Controls really blow it forGrow Home.I played with both keyboard/mouse and gamepad. I already know there is very little content and total gameplay, which I could live with if it weren't for trying to control a character that feels like it is in low-gravity and on ice. I'm also not the hugest fan of the climbing mechanic. I mean its ok, but not enough here to build a whole game on.Is this what happens when AAA companies try to dabble in indie-level game production?I mean its not terrible, and the core idea is ok, but this is more of a proof-of-concept than  some brilliant sleeper hit.Because the climbing mechanic is front-and-center, the rest of the platforming elements suffered from many gaps that were too big/awkward to jump, and many knee-high ledges that I had to fumble over to get onto.I will also mention that despite what it looks like, it takes a decent machine to run on full graphics. I played on 'low' setting on my laptop, and on highest on my gaming rig.Watch some gameplay first, and be aware that there isn't much here as far as replay value.This feels like the freebie of the month on some console indie subscription plan."
76561198142112263,Not Recommended,323320,16526236,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,mx.da,its a good idea and the graphics are cute but its impossible using keyboard and mouse. i would have loved to get into it but even a minute of climbing left my hands sore..
,Recommended,323320,32185700,Posted: 4 June,all,minecraft gamer pc 64,f. u. c. k. you
,Recommended,323320,19022043,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Steven Johnson,"Most serine horror game ever. Once your little robo-claws slip, you lose hope of ever smiling again. What has BUD been smoking? Was it alien weed? He can't walk straight, but he can climb like a boss."
76561197971241186,Not Recommended,323320,19872066,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,M@GOid,"Unfortunately the game do not work with joypads in Linux, and the developers are doing nothing to fix it. The irony is that they put a message in the start of the game suggesting that you should play the game WITH a joypad..."
,Not Recommended,323320,29496391,Posted: 25 January,all,oldjacket,phooey
,Not Recommended,323320,16540694,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Godaigamer,"While I really wanted to like this game, I found that after playing through and reflecting on Grow Home I did not really enjoy my time with it.  The biggest problem I had with the game was its physics engine.  As you can see by the picture of B.U.D., the game's protagonist, the character the player controls is very top-heavy.  This leads to a lot of situations in which Bud will land on a platform, be carried by his momentum, and end up running right off the platform you intended to be on.  While this makes sense scientifically, it can lead to a lot of frustrastion.  Another problem I have with the game's physics accuracy is the grip function.  While you are trying to climb up or over obstacles while holding on to something, the effects of gravity will often act on the held item, which will cause you to drop it.  This leads to even more frustrating moments when you have to try climbing over the same ledge multiple times or even having to restart your game when you drop your item hundreds of meters into the ocean.  Jumping itself can also cause annoyances because the plane that you think you are jumping on doesn't always match up with the plane the game thinks you are jumping on.  There were enough frustrating moments like these that make me not want to recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,323320,17423433,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,I AKU!,"As much I love Ubi's recent budget titles, Grow Home is the first one I'd say is a dud. It looks charming but its ultimately boring, mainly because the platforming is really janky. Climbing is slow as hell and that's mostly what you'll be doing. BUD also has actual inertia to his running so you'll be flailing around and potentially falling off the tree you're making. It's not at all interesting and there's much better platformers you can play instead."
76561197970103344,Not Recommended,323320,16518104,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DAD HAMMER,"While the game mechanics are good, the graphics are pleasing, I simply cannot recommend this game due to how short it is! Sure you can elongate the game time by simply 'collecting objects and putting them in the teleporter' so they get stored in the data bank but that is just incredibly boring.The strategy on how to get to each floating island was really fun, the audio is crisp and engaging, just such a shame it takes less then 1 hour to complete.I've purchased games at full price that cost half this (5.99!) and to this day I still have not completed them.- YES I do like this game ; but NO I can not recommend it unless you get it dirt cheap on a sale."
,Recommended,323320,14334759,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,dakota,found a duck in a cave.grabbed it and ran out.freefalled with the duck.duck survived.10/10
,Not Recommended,323320,16510185,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,GeneralTacticus,Control frustrations out weight the fun.
,Not Recommended,323320,17181689,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,JwowBMB,"You know... a lot of people LOVE this game. And really, at face value, I can see why... However... it is unfinished. It is a great concept, but not reallly a great game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKmLvnP0GQI&list=PLkKQMSOwHGvP4OZ6tdbFkjXtYddUp1X1N"
76561198039340030,Not Recommended,323320,16461626,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,marsh,Control of the character is as if you were drunk.
76561198054979894,Not Recommended,323320,16472000,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,xman-alpha,Not sure if mine is glitching but everytime i get into a wifi teleporter i get get stuck there and it ruins a save
76561198061518409,Recommended,323320,14327908,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,MrHonsel,"love this game, B.U.D. is so awesome! :D"
76561197993587162,Not Recommended,323320,16563093,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,reconjames,"as much as i want to like this game, i simply can't. it seems fun at first, until the wonky controls and wonky camera get on your nerves. i beat the game in less than 3 hours. there isn't much to do in the game. it seems like a nice game, but there simply isn't enough play value to justify the purchase, even if you can put up with crap controls and camera."
76561197991154213,Not Recommended,323320,16446450,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,_jema987,"It is cute, a bit odd, beautifull and I really want to like it but I can not. Why? Becasue it feels a lot more like a proof of concept than an actuall full game. Reflections want to make it but UBI ain't convinced it will sell. The solution? Bring it out for PC and see if a future console version can finance itself. Speculation on my part but I think time will prove me right.The game tells you it is best played with a controller when you start it.There is quiet little to do and no propper challange that doesn't amount to tedious climbing.The controlls are, even with a controller, a bit wonky.If you still want to give it a go wait untill it is €4 or less."
,Not Recommended,323320,16455888,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Stevey,Why would you make a 3D platformer with controls that are as bad as Octodad or Surgeon Simulator?
,Not Recommended,323320,17002084,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Poison,"Generally speaking I like Ubisoft's smaller titles like Valiant Hearts and such, but this was not really anything worth getting. Cute in premise, but very lackluster in practice. Not a whole lot of gameplay here, almost devoid of music if not entirely devoid, wonky controls and exceedingly short. (Average person probably beat in a little over an hour.) Just a lot of missed opportunity here."
76561197970736031,Not Recommended,323320,16461559,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,McKeifus,"$8 tech demo for the next Assassin's Creed game.  Great first 5 mins, boring and repetitive after."
,Not Recommended,323320,17040053,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TheTitaniumDragon,"Grow Home is a 3D platforming game which centers around being a small robot who slowly climbs up a vine, guiding its growth into crystals to allow it to grow yet higher, so he can get back to his space ship and go home. With extremely loose controls, a dodgy camera, tedious mechanics, and no depth, this is a game to avoid, feeling more like a school project than a finished game.StoryThere is very little story to the game; there are a few bits of flavor text here and there, and MOM – either an AI of some sort, or a fellow being who is elsewhere in the universe – occasionally gives you hints or makes “wry” (non-voice acted) remarks on your progress.GameplayThe game centers about climbing around the game world, slowly growing your vine upwards. To grow the vine, you must crawl up the vine to various red flowers, which you can then command to grow outwards. Each of these will sprout bouncy leaves, to help you ascend a bit faster, and additional red flowers, to allow you to grow additional vines. There are 100 small crystals hidden around the various floating islands in the game, and collecting those power up your robot’s jetpack; there are also large crystal islands, which you must direct the growth of the vines into in order to grow the main vine higher and burst through various barriers and reach the top of the map. There are also a number of things you can drag into your various telepods – locations you can teleport back to when you die – which unlock entries in a data bank.That is literally 100% of the gameplay, and it is very dull. The controls for your robot are terrible, and carrying things around is extremely tedious, as you can easily drop them while doing other tasks. Climbing is an arduous process of alternating clicks of the shoulder buttons, and is made all the worse when the surface is uneven. Jumping and using your jetpack feels a little better, but is still very awkward, and it is easy to miss jumps and fall to your doom. A few pick-upable items – a flower which slows your descent, and a glide leaf which lets you glide around like on a hangglider – do little to spruce up the gameplay.All in all, the game is a very tedious process of ascending the vine and growing it outwards, then upwards, then outwards again; less than half an hour into the game, you have seen everything it has to offer. If you don’t bother to collect the collectables, you could easily beat the entire game in an hour, and you’d still think it was too long. Collecting the collectables is tedious – most of environmental items you collect for the databank aren’t too bad, but a few have to be lugged large distances while suffering from the dodgy controls.The small crystals, on the other hand, are extremely tedious to find; the only hint to their presence is an audio cue when the camera is close to them, which means that at the end of the game, if you’re missing any crystals, finding the rest of them is a matter of pure chance. Many are hidden in places which aren’t readily visible while gliding around, making this primarily a job for consulting a FAQ – if you were bothered to do it, which you really shouldn’t bother to do.GraphicsThe game has graphics which would have been an embarrassment in the Playstation 1 era; they’re ugly and unappealing, and the creatures in the game look terrible. The only thing which looks at all passable is the world from great elevation; it slowly becomes increasingly spherical around the horizon, and from a great distance, the vines and islands look somewhat visually appealing. Unfortunately, you will spend very little of the game admiring this, and most of the game looking at low-resolution textures and extremely blocky polygonal vines.I will, however, give the game credit for one thing - it is one of the very few games which gave me an actual sense of vertigo while navigating the environment.Final SummaryThere is absolutely no reason whatsoever to spend your time, let alone your money, on this game. If it was a school project, I might be impressed, but as an actual commercial release, it is just not up to snuff. It is boring, tedious, repetitive, and yet manages to annoy you even though the entire game is likely to take no more than a few hours to complete.Save your money and your time and do other things."
,Not Recommended,323320,16457754,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,octane,"I can't say I enjoyed it. You can tell when a game is not for you when you hate the core mechanic of it - climbing. It became annoying very quickly, I was using a controller and spamming the left & right triggers (or the buttons, if you prefer) was tiring. I also can't say I really enjoyed any other aspect of this game, hence why I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,323320,17921656,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,StrongCrayon,Falling Simulator
,Not Recommended,323320,18241623,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Metapod! :],"Control of the character, control of the camera, and control while in the air are all annoying and are used 95% of the game. Don't buy."
76561197970961259,Not Recommended,323320,15703670,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,chascarr,"Don't know if it's easier to play with a controller (I assume it is), but for me it was utterly hopeless using a keyboard."
,Not Recommended,323320,16467245,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nikai-Raziel,Meh
,Not Recommended,323320,25019107,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,[bhtp]Ataman,"Camera is awfully slow with no options to increase camera speed at all.We're on PC here, kindly support mouse and keyboard or stay on consoles."
,Not Recommended,323320,16451970,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ruffalo,Everything about this game is great except it controls worse than a pile of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198057773733,Not Recommended,323320,14951610,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,AppleButter180,No rebindable keyboard controls.  Does not work with gamepad.  Clunky and awkward default controls.
,Not Recommended,323320,24393558,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,"Game itself is so damn fun.Unfortunately it's a little bit too much for my PC, and I vomitted all over the place after playing the game at 20 fps for half a hour.A must-buy if you have a relatively powerful computer,avoid it otherwiseEDIT:Oh it's made by UBISoft, no wonder why"
,Not Recommended,323320,15085869,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,giljaysmith,"Like playing ""Shadow Of The Colossus"" with a faulty controller. The beanstalk looks nice. That's about all this tedious but short prototype of a game has going for it."
,Not Recommended,323320,14785775,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,easye,"When you're walking, your character trips and falls randomly. I don't know how many times I was walking on a ledge and my character just flopped off. Also, there is so much backtracking. About 50 percent of the game was just me doing the same platforming/""exploring"". Also the climbing in the game is extremely tedious."
76561198180903190,Not Recommended,323320,15026925,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,sethg11,"Grow Home does not wok on my pc, its lagging and distorted.  IMPOSSIBLE to play at all.  I would prefer a refund and purchase a game that I can play!"
,Not Recommended,323320,28804698,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,`` kNNNøx#Kun,i think it bad
76561197980021983,Not Recommended,323320,14436171,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Captain Kielbasa,"This game was getting praise all over the internet so I decide to pick it up. It was fun for a while but now it is nothing but frustrating to do bad controls and horrible colision detection. I have been trying to climb up to a platform and I keep falling through the vine no matter how hard I try to stick to it or any other method. The game is broken in some regards and maybe should have stayed in the oven a little longer. The music gets annoying as it never changes, and the controls, oh the controls. Yes they wanted to do something different but man are they frustrating. Unique game brought down by some major issues that make the game NOT FUN when it should have been fun from the start. Pretty disappointed here."
,Not Recommended,323320,14335243,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Jaunty,For an exploration game its pretty encumbered.Pro:Rockclimbing mechanics work nice.Absolutely stunning looking game.Sheer originality fascinating.Would be great stoned.Con:Rockclimbing mechanics grow old quickly.Really annoying to navigate especially if you fall down.Eploration is mainly upwards and is not easy to navigate.Even when you walk it feels loose and shaky.Low poly count close up is a little hard on the eyes.Cant swim.I was looking for a time waster but instead found a waste of time.Buy on special.
76561198022641078,Not Recommended,323320,14391998,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,lock_of_fear,"Game is basically exploration. You progress upward by climbing and growing mostly. You can climbaround by grabing using right hand and then left hand and then right hand which works but is a bit on the slow side. you can use the leafs growing on the plant for a bounce and to break your inevitable fall there are 1 use glider items and many use parachute items, you can only carry one item at a time so the parachue's numbers trump the glider's strong utility. you can climb on a bud from the central stalk and also grow the plant to get upward. Goal of the game is to gather cristals littered across the landscape on floating rocks/get to the top. did not find game preticualrly difficult or fun."
,Not Recommended,323320,14365208,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Araqiels,"Unfortunately, no replayability after the first pass, which is very short."
76561198085758626,Not Recommended,323320,14478980,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dustycheese,"I'm trying to play but every time I launch it it starts bugging out. The screen doesn't open properly, the music gets all loopy. The one time it did open properly, when I started playing everything was black, there were clearly objects missing and it was laggy as hell. I don't know if there's been a recent update or something but I really want to play this game and at the moment I can't. I have a pretty chunky PC that can handle just about anything so I don't understand why it's refusing to work. I want to give this a positive review but I just can't until I can actually play.."
76561197979938727,Not Recommended,323320,14421361,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Casnoot,Its basically an hour long demo where you climb a bit and ride tree branches. No idea why people are giving it such positive reviews. Are 20 minutes of having semi-fun worth it for 10 bucks? No.+kinda fun for a very short while.-almost zero contentits not one of those games where you make your own fun like minecraft. I'm sure some people will claim it is but they are definietly stretching the truth.
76561197993550910,Not Recommended,323320,14455502,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dethtual,"The player-directed climbing using a gamepad is a neat gameplay mechanic, in theory.  In practice, it doesn't hold up to much.  Directing the character from one ledge to another is considerably more frustrating than it is clever or enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,323320,14349272,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TazBabyUK,The Game is really fun but did not last long . only 1 level needs more for the money
76561198127375027,Not Recommended,323320,14744411,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Deso Lark,This game controls like♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198081560609,Not Recommended,323320,14382292,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Green-Jive,"You can spend your money on better things.Horribly clunky gameplay, wanna-be unique platform, and a rediculous amount of bugs.And worst of all, it has ONE world, or rather small section of island(s).hardly worth the time, let alone the 8$"
76561198041456493,Not Recommended,323320,14447030,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Borjas,"This is a middle school project. I guess there are a lot of very young consumers out there... good to know. However, I can't say I'd recommend this game to any of my friends. It gets very repetitive and despite the pleasant physics, it is extremely boring. Basically, it boasts exploration but the world is limited, there is no replay value and the graphics are left to be desired. I can't say it has made me ""lose myself"" in an immersive world or anything remotely like that. It's reminiscent of a lot of similar casual games that came out about 15 years ago but worse."
,Recommended,323320,19184958,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ShOoT gUn,I liked this game it was fun especially running around as a robot that part is cool
76561198238258422,Recommended,323320,19168053,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,saxonenigma,"Just plain fun!! I keep going back again and again.Grow Home is just one of those games that you just never get tired of playing, even though you've done it all...it always make you smile and laugh"
,Recommended,323320,19172492,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,DissonusWren,"A super fun physics based climb-em-up. You control robot BUD as you grow and climb a giant space plant, explore floating islands, jetpack around and chase sheep. It's short, but definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,323320,19162797,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,MJ,Short and enjoyable. But probably not the game to come back to.
76561198160200102,Recommended,323320,18846700,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Chiefmojo06,"This game is very Interesting, and very original. Its a very simple game. And when ever it came out for Playstation I was super excited. I give this game 9/10"
,Recommended,323320,18832584,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Trainson52™,Very fun!
76561198089234400,Recommended,323320,18850528,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Tzurkiyemi,"I love Grow Home, and I dont mean that lightly. Every aspect of this game has an incredible feel to it and you can tell that it was all planned out and thought about. The visuals are incredibly crisp, sort of a retro and modern crossover with a polygon ish look. From the clouds and the animals to the water and plants as well as BUD himself, it is all amazingly colorful and exquisitely eye catching and just fun to look at in general. The gameplay is odd at first but once you get the hang of the controls you feel like BUD is a part of you and you can really control every bit of his movement. The goal is simple. Grow the Star Plant up through a series of floating islands and to your mothership (Pun intended) so you can collect the seeds and bring them back to save your planet. Although It sounds easy enough, your flimsy robot body and the fact that the Star Plant's growths are like bucking horses makes it quite hard to progress. You fall off the plant just as often as you climb it, and though in most games I would get aggravated after a few drops, each climb feels like a breath of fresh air and a chance to start anew. You really should at least get this game to try it, or make a friend get it then try it at their house. Either way everyone should try this game, to complete or just to play around in."
,Recommended,323320,18850616,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Robert Beck,Adorable
,Recommended,323320,18973705,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Goku,"Beautiful, short but an amazing game, took me about 3/4 hours to complete whilst taking it as slowly as possible"
76561198130666406,Recommended,323320,18973213,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Archflo,absolutely stunning game.Deffinatley worth $10/£6 :)10/10 would play again :)
,Recommended,323320,18965269,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Im_awesome04,Cool concept and it is fun so that makes it a very awesome game.
76561197974819631,Recommended,323320,19107381,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,BBQ_Tactic,"First few minutes: did not know what's going on, used mouse and keyboard to play and found that it's very hard, almost submit a refund request.After an hour: switched to controller and everything under control, enjoying the view.10 hours later: completed the game and got all the achievements.Final words: not an outstanding concept but still refreshing, a bit overpriced."
76561198178743849,Recommended,323320,19083894,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TheLightL0rd,"Great game, with controller its one of the best games i ever played."
,Recommended,323320,19153544,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jmaq,a relaxing game for a relaxing gamer
,Recommended,323320,19151660,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Cokeecoke,"In Grow Home you are a robot named B.U.D.  B.U.D's job is to grow a Star Plant all the way to the spaceship. If you just grow it to the top without doing anything else, it's short. If you try to do everything you can, like collecting crystals, this game becomes days worth of playing. Thats how it was for me at least. The art style is cute, and you will easily become attached to B.U.D. The music is amazing. I would recommend this game to anyone who has eight dollars and wants to play somthing new."
76561198076745266,Recommended,323320,19057287,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Throw the cheese!!!!!,Grow Home is a game about a robot called B.U.D who has to grow this star plant and the game has very simple controls so its easy to get the hang of them and the gameplay is great and crystals to collect which will give you upgrades and there are dozens of islands to explore so you should get it if you like causal and adventure games and any type of game
76561198118820244,Recommended,323320,19064356,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,MR DANKER THAN YOU,HELP! when I launch the game it is blank exept for crystals and buds signature and stuff if u know what to do please tell
76561198040137317,Recommended,323320,19035886,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,ProgressCheck,"I would be difficult to beat such an original, fun game for this price. It's a breath of fresh air, while still reminding me of some of the great games of my past."
76561198045547002,Recommended,323320,19044612,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,corbin13_37,simply fantastic!
76561198037822639,Recommended,323320,19046688,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,LonePiper,"Great fun little game if you like exploration and/or horticulture.Not so great if you can't put up with frustrating controls. I especially wish the camera would follow you when you're gliding. The rest of the floaty, unresponsive controls I can get used to, but this should be such an easy fix.Otherwise, the graphics are very pretty - it took me a few minutes to even realize there is no texturing whatsoever. It has a very serene, pastelly, early spyro feel to it."
,Recommended,323320,16970272,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Rowlet99012,This game is.....SUBLIMEI 100% this in 10 hours....Excluding achievements...Buy this game..The climbing is so easy...Ubisoft has succeded to create a game that is difficult to master all throughout the game....Seriously. B.U.D. does a somersault if you tap a movement key for about half a second...B.U.D. wibble-wobbles...faceplants...and falls. B.U.D. falls alot.This is what makes this game so unique...This makes a boring task...(growing the star-plant to the spaceship)...fun and challenging...That is why this game is a must-have!Controls are 10 times better with a gamepad.Extremely highly recommended    10/10
,Recommended,323320,16981371,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Burgermaster-Max,This game is absolutely fresh.
76561198109324790,Recommended,323320,17437638,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Sir,"Grow Home takes some patience and lots of required carefulness, especially when you are trying to climb a vine, or whatever it is called, and accidently let go then needing to start your climbing again. I'm still looking for the last two crystals, I've tried so hard."
76561198111614677,Recommended,323320,17447192,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,mjs_jr,I intanstanly fell in love with this 3D open world platformer and you will too!
76561198055443248,Recommended,323320,17504469,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Bitelicker,"So worth the £5.99 price tag. Everything about this game is great. It's happy, relaxing and even challenging. If you're looking for a nice little game that will cheer you up or even just bring you fun, this is the type of game you are looking for. It's filled with freedom and it's a good game to pass time."
,Recommended,323320,17320445,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Del Mingus,"This is a pretty unusual game. But not in a bad way. You play a robot dropped onto an alien world and your mission is to grow a plant into the sky. Climbings a big part of this game. Youre able to control both of the robots arms so you can grab and hold with one arm will you reach up with the other to pull yourself up. It's a bit awkward at first but it's intuitive enough to grasp the concept quickly. You can also grab hold of the tip of shoots on the plant and make them grow, and you can guide the growing branch in any direction you want. You can fill the sky with these branches making it easy to navigate upwards as you grow the main part of the plant.Good points:- Simple yet charming and colourful visuals- Climbing is well done if a little awkward at first. You can climb and surface.- You can also glide and float using giant leaves and flowers. The gliding in particular is quite enjoyable.Bad points:- It's a bit of a shortlived game. I played just under 3 hours which included finishing the main part of the game (i.e growing the plant) and had a bit of fun just doing my own thing but it wasn't long before boredom started to set in.- The movement in general can be a bit clumsy at times though not majorly so.Overall this is a fun if shortlived game. Given it's not very expensive as it is though it might be worth a purchase if it interests you."
,Recommended,323320,17322070,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Hraudung,Doesnt require Uplay!  \o/Fun and relaxing game.
,Recommended,323320,17324702,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,anti-social kid on the block,"I remember when i jumped from 200m without a parachute, i also remember the part when i broke all my bones! It got better when i used my jetpack and then fell from the same height again! Good times!P.S:When i jumped the second time i lost one arm!"
,Recommended,323320,17468306,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,The_First_Brownie,"Grow Home is a very short and sweet game. Your objective: grow a plant to the height of 2000m to reach your spaceship and go home. The way you do so is by guiding ofshoots of the plant, which you ride and control, and crash it into green energy rock formations. The game itself is very nice and relaxing, and features some very pleasant visuals. Additionally, the game is not too long, so it doen't outlast its welcome and thus doesn't become monotonous too fast.The biggest gripe I have with this game though are the controls. It feels like you are contolling someone who's had a few too many. Additionally, once you have unlocked the jetpack, using it is very difficult, as does not like to be deployed while you are dragging something along or climbing the plant or any rock formation. Furthermore, the options are very limited and the game does not feature rebindable controls (at least for a controller, which I would recommend using)."
,Recommended,323320,18014558,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Walas,"Really unique! The first sunrise is so mesmorising...The mechanics are simple but enjoyable. It's true, the game is a little short (2 hours approx.), I thought there is more than just getting up the atmosphere. But that's probably where the lower cost of this game comes from.Get this on a discount. Otherwise you might feel like you didn't get too much for the money.Used a pad, was fun."
,Recommended,323320,18020627,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Urthman,"Grow Home is my favorite game of the year. It makes climbing, jumping, beanstalk-riding, leaf-bouncing, gliding, catapulting, and jetpacking all feel dynamic and exciting and it does a great job of making you feel like you’re doing it all very, very, way-too-far-up high in the sky.  It's the best feeling of don't-look-down-vertigo since Giants: Citizen Kabuto.The robot’s procedural animation is amusing, and the whole style of the beanstalk, floating islands, silly animals, and the kindly condescending MOM comments are all quite charming. I was grinning constantly while playing the game."
,Recommended,323320,18032226,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Krünchy Zeirus,This is a very cute and relaxng game. Kudos to Ubibro for investing in litle titles like these. I am a sucker for experimental and artsy games though...
76561198115356291,Recommended,323320,18038521,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Chokemeister,"amazing, engaging world built around the use of unique mechanics to climb into space"
,Recommended,323320,18010546,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,TUNRAX•〰TBC〰•,"i finish at 100% this game and absolutely love it B.U.D. is cute, animals are cute, the world is cute (pls), everithing is cute.about the gameplay this game have a curious  method of physics but i like it becouse you are free to do whatever movement you doi don't want to spoiler you but try to finish this game :D"
,Recommended,323320,17933779,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Shirtless Wonder,"Grow Home is an amazing game worth every penny, and I fell in love with it as soon as I laid eyes on its cartoon world.You take the role of B.U.D. (Botanical Utility Droid), a robot who is sent to an alien planet to grow a Star Plant, and harvesting its seeds to benefit his homeworld. The main stem of the Star Plant gets bigger as you grow its various ""Star Shoots"", which can only be grown for a limited time and if connected to islands known as ""Energy Rocks"", the stem of the Star Plant grows taller. The game's unorthodox approach coupled with its simple but charming graphics make this game a personal favourite. The game can be finished in around 5-6 hours (including all achievments) and offers a unique and charming (did I say that already?) experience that makes the game worth every penny (The only reason i've logged 30 hours is because I left the game open for an entire day by accident :p). This game might get frustrating because of some camera issues, but all in all, it isn't enough to dissuade you from playing.9/10, it deserves a BADASS! seal of approval. Pick this game up if you are looking for a great, inexpensive experience."
76561198062243945,Recommended,323320,17935671,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dunkacino,Get angry at a tiny robot for grabbing onto his arm instead of the wall your climbing.
76561197984562718,Recommended,323320,17932800,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Keits,One of the most relaxing games I've ever played.
76561198117498986,Not Recommended,323320,17973134,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,SqueekyPete,Would be a lovely game if it actually started working.
,Recommended,323320,18070149,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Shnox,"Fall from space, at the very bottom after falling for 10 minutes.Grab the object that you're about to smack into.Survive with no damage!Realism at it's best!10/10"
76561197994705407,Recommended,323320,18081406,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,idmadj,"Great game. Very relaxing. While there is a main objective, the game doesn't feel linear and contrived. A lot of freedom is given to reach diverse goals and the mechanics are varied and entertaining. Lots of clever technical and gameplay innovations that should keep anyone interested for a while. I loved the quirkiness and visual style too. Definitely recommended if you're into offbeat, novel experiences."
76561197977777262,Recommended,323320,17345010,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Box,"This might be my new comfort-food game. Don't come into this one expecting challenging gameplay or a deep narrative, relaxing is the order of the day. If you're looking for something to unwind after a hard day's work or something to put a smile on your face when you're feeling down, then boot this up, grab a leaf, and just go for a glide.A simple game, you are a small robot tasked with collecting the seeds from an alien plant. To do so you need it to grow. Gameplay is focused mostly on running/jumping/climbing with an emphasis on exploration. The gameworld is small but packed with enough nooks and crannies to keep you engaged looking for crystals to unlock upgrades or secrets for achievements.The big selling point though is the charm. There's something very innocent and childlike about this game, in a good way. Everything is about running around and having a good time.Well worth the buy, especially if on sale."
,Recommended,323320,18859361,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dagsmara,"This is such a relaxing, fun, clever, cute and utterly beautiful game. It's fun climbing around and I got really attached to BUD. It's short if you don't want to do all the side""quests"" (scanning all animals and plats, finding all crystals etc) but I enjoyed continuing playing just to ride the vines.I fully recommend this game for players who want a casual, but still moderatly challenging game to look at and feel happy about. This game's truly my happy place!"
,Recommended,323320,18812709,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,terranaut,"I just love this game alright. Gazing at the mass of shoots spiraling upwards, as confusing or as simple as you want, and so easy to play. Jetpacking through the atmosphere, and then falling. Only thing I'd like is for the ""altitude critical"" thing to be able to be toggled on and off upon completion of the game, cause sometimes you just wanna fall, you know?Man, if the devs expanded this game for more islands and stuff, I would be there every step of the way. The art style isn't pretentious and oh my god the palette. How nightfall affects the world, just the graceful composition of the islands, and watching the atmosphere absorb the high branches.This game, man. Not for the shooty tooty, more for the kids who like to explore and muck about. Its g, mate. its g."
76561198184867181,Recommended,323320,18752282,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Starkiller422,"Grow Home is an AWESOME game and I think its a great game for anyone who lokes action, adventure, danger, and cuteness!!!!!"
76561198013593304,Recommended,323320,18756373,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,TheDrunkardHu,A neat little adventure game that's fun for all ages...  Even my 5 yo loves it.
,Recommended,323320,18755389,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bungle Seepage,If you were wondering.Yes.This game IS one big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke.
76561198055982186,Recommended,323320,18737609,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Bear Man,"Delightful atmosphere, very fun to play. Simple, yet engaging. Interesting overall concept. 10/10."
76561198094296117,Recommended,323320,18737220,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,kyle1r97,I drowned a sheep. den outa den!
,Recommended,323320,18846300,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,polsky,"It's great fun! Its calming on one level of perception and exiting on another! Its challenging without being frustrating. It lasts as long as it needs. In other words, its a perfect casual game ..."
,Recommended,323320,18923704,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Bout73Ninjas,"It was a short game (my recorded play time is full completion minus a couple achievements), but I absolutely loved every second of it. Great music, super fun gameplay, and controls that, despite my early discomfort, turned out to actually be quite fun and intuitive. It's a super charming game with some chuckle-worthy humour and I believe that anybody going in to this game will not be disappointed with the money they spent."
76561197971656228,Recommended,323320,18377497,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Gossem,"It is short, but very sweet.  Lots of charector for a robot that you fall in love with."
76561198178054177,Recommended,323320,18399126,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,fuzzmonkay,"This is a butiful game with cool graphics some chalenges, sidequests, upgrades and fun"
76561197980177272,Recommended,323320,18446900,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Fizban316,"This game has dodos.  Does YOUR game have dodos?Fun, cheap, and just entertaining enough to remain pleasantly enjoyable for one full playthrough.  Though, if you're one of those players who care about getting all the achievements, you may lament the fact that a small portion of them are conceptually stupid and tedious to earn.  I'd still recommend this game with all of my thumbs, though.  Especially if it's on sale!"
76561197993209107,Recommended,323320,18433628,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Madl3r,"Beautiful, relaxing and just a joy to move around in. I was a little dissapointed that it doesn't let you cirumnavigate the globe :/"
,Recommended,323320,18357196,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,EML,Fantastic little game. Really impressed ubisoft had part in this.
76561198203933504,Recommended,323320,18357440,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Yung Pringle God,fun game great sound track it be pretty cute
,Recommended,323320,17772771,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Topplehat,"Really beautiful settings, great colors and atmosphere, and an original concept.  My only complaint is that the controls feel too clunky at times.  Overall a fun game to explore."
76561198006791518,Recommended,323320,17840677,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sethington Wifflebottom,its fun!
,Recommended,323320,16966501,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Yer Ma,"A hour or so. Think of a functional coherent goat simulator with a short sweet story. The small world has a real feeling of space, once you accend to the heavens you wont be able to stop yourself diving back down, survaying all you have conquered.Worth it if you have the cash now, otherwise put on wishlist for next sale, you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,323320,16967803,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Pasqually,"The only bad thing I can even think to say about this game is that it's too short. I think any ammount of content wouldn't be enough, though. I don't want this game to ever end."
76561197974282295,Recommended,323320,16902323,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Richard Nibbler,"This game is an amazing breath of fresh air. I haven't played a light hearted colorful game that I can honestly say I couldn't get enough of until this game. It's charming, colorful, unique and more importantly fun to play.  I would recommend this game to anyone. Seriously get it. It's not that expensive and well worth the money."
,Recommended,323320,16933893,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,NemoKhan,"This is a really, really cool game. It's a sort of game I've never come across before. The art style is simplistic and so is the gameplay, but the world is detailed enough that you'll have a great time exploring it. I definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,323320,16934357,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Bolt,Lovely game. Gave me an anxiety attack. Don't be afraid of heights or of a nervous disposition when playing this game.
,Recommended,323320,16833644,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Cyril,"Aaahh this is just a neat little game. Not the greatest game ever or anything but certainly enjoyable and relaxing.At the very start I had my doubts, because BUD's movement is kind of... different. Almost like some random ""funny robot game"" a youtube idiot would play. But really, it's a lot better control-wise than it looks, just different. BUD is very top-heavy and momentum is very much a thing, so falling off the edge of a platform or vine is gonna happen a lot but you have plenty of ways to recover from a fall, there's a lot of flowers and you start off at ground level anyways. And you go up... and up. As high as you can possibly go, as high as you fell down at the start. It certainly has the feel of a journey, though admittedly a rather short one.Exploring is fun and finding all the crystals, flora, fauna, and seeds is a pretty engaging task. Crystals can be found by their telltale ringing, plants and animals have clues in the data bank to where you might find them, especially the trickier/rarer ones. And the seeds have a pretty strong glow, though they're the hardest to find generally speaking, though still nothing is too terribly tough to find. The game world isn't that large and you're given the tools to comb over every inch of it.If I would say one thing against this game, is that it does kind of lack variety. Sure, there are a few novel mechanics introduced as you go higher but the game basically boils down to ""climb stuff, aim star shoots into islands, jump, fall, float"" and basically little else. There's some flowers that boost you up higher. Some asteroids or whatnot near the top that rotate due to the player's gravity. But it's a little monotonous. This is where the length is probably a good factor; much longer and it might have gotten a bit boring, but keeping it short keeps it interesting for as long as most people are going to play the game. I would say, that if there was to be a sequel, they should think about some new, interesting mechanics to keep the game fresh without ditching the core concept. But I dunno if I'd need a sequel anyways, this feels like enough.It's a neat little game and pretty cheap, I'd definitely recommend it for fans of exploration games."
,Recommended,323320,16834660,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,cabooskins,"This game is best played with a controller, although it isn't the worst with a mouse and keyboard. My laptop handles it well enough, some stutter here and there but mostly great fps with v sync off. Probably one of the best concepts for a video game that I have played in a long time. If you are a fan of weird art style and original concepts, then I recommend this game, especially if you get it on sale like I did for 19 cents. I love Steam sales."
76561197985704187,Recommended,323320,16835609,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Michael Fassbender,WE GROWIN'. YOU SHOWIN'.
76561198016215618,Recommended,323320,16837094,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Salsero,Very unique game. Very challenging on the controls and movement aspects. Lots of exploration plus a touch of dynamic world generation. Very enjoyable.
76561198004520910,Recommended,323320,16837097,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Nobody.M1,"Worth every cent. Rare game which is rather fun to play though it is quite repetitive the longer you play it. There is not much of worth in replay, since the game doesn't offer any new challenges or objectives.Bud is hard to control, since he reacts on every movement command like a string puppet. And since the game requires you to balance trough the vines, the controls make it almost impossible to accomplish. On the other hand I found these controls in this particular game enjoyable. Sure I fell a lot of times because Bud decided to take leap of faith while I gently pushed controllers stick to move forward.Near the end the game turns almost into a horror game, for those who are unfortunate enough to have fear of heights."
76561198117202311,Recommended,323320,16916890,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,The Concerned Team mate,"This is the most special game that you will come across, you will never find another game like this again. The game is about you being a little robot called B.U.D and you must grow a special alien plant on a alien planet. The one thing that you may not notice in the beginning but will definitly notice when you start to get a quarter into building the flower, but the size of everything around you. It is all so large it is actually what is so special about the game to me. And with the massive world (and when you progress you mainly go up) your main mode of transportation will be your own hands, yes you will have to climb around the world, but this is not your typicall Far cry 4 grappling hook system, you are able to climb up any surface in any direction and with very easy and simple climbing controls. I do not want to spoil any more of this for you but I do reccomend that you use a controller for this game because it will a lot better to co-ordinate your character with a controller rather than a keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,323320,17160843,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ArkonBlade,"A Ubisoft game that isnt broken, wrecked with bad DRM, and is Innovative? well slap me sideways and call me suesan. A suprisingly fun and just relaxing game to play. The whole pont of the game is pretty much what the title says. You are a robot that has landed on a planet and have to grow this massive plant back to your ship. I found my self not wanting to stop playing it and played for 3 hrs straight and only stopped because i had to go to bed. The game took me about a little over 4 hours to beat and is well worth the $8 asking price.I can see myself going through this again in the future."
,Recommended,323320,17168616,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Jacob of RetroTech,"Grow Home is a perfect example of a game not needing much to it for it to be great. The simplistic graphics are gorgeous, which allows for an unbelieveably huge render distance (Seriously, it's rediculous!), and the very concept of the game is interestingly charming. The controls and physics feel absolutely perfect and using the trigger-buttons to control BUD's arms for grabbing and climbing is genius. One frustration one may encounter on their ascending adventure is not being able to find and discover everything this game has to offer. My advice is to keep pressing on and try your best to get everything. It may become tedious, but the rewards for your extra time collecting everything is the best possible thing this game could possibly give. This game is fun and the levels of peacefulness I reached while playing this game is sublime. Get this game, for it is worth the small price it fetches. 10/10; I want more games like this.One more thing: No Uplay and the acheivements all being casually-possible to collect makes this game all the sweeter."
76561198110463606,Recommended,323320,17132748,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,triforcefield,"This game is one of those games that pulls me in and makes me want to play for hours and hours. You can play at your own pace, and while progression isn't ""necessary"" it makes it much easier to play through the higher levels. But this game makes it so that progression and collecting is fun!!! It's simple, the art is lovely and very endearing. I love the sounds that B.U.D. makes throughout the game. In fact, this is one of those games that makes me wish there was a bunch more levels! At the end of the game I was left saying ""that's it???"" even though I had been playing for a good 3 solid days to complete it!"
,Recommended,323320,17136397,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Day Man,Short but great.
,Recommended,323320,17117504,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Office Pirate,"A fun, unique platforming game with good replayability."
,Recommended,323320,16887503,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Stafa,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0QgoVwgP1kGrow Home is a very fun game. If you just look at screenshots, it looks like a platformer game. This is actually more of an exploration game. The entire game takes place on one big map. You goal is to make this Star Plant grow high enough to reach the space ship. You climb and explore to find crystals that help you get upgrades for new abilities. I had a lot of fun with this game and it's really cool to see how big you make the plat grow. I really recommend this game if you like exploration and a bit of platforming but mainly climbing."
76561198072256051,Recommended,323320,16887654,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,dpgmto,"Very cute, and quite addictive. I do wish it was longer, but at $8 its a solid purchase. The achievements do artificialy extend the playtime but what I really want is more of this little world to explore."
76561198247719128,Recommended,323320,17854033,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,theCJarmy7,"those end game rewards are awesome! played it to 100%, got all the skins, did the the mission. only took about 10 hours. small game but worth every penny"
,Recommended,323320,17540720,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,fer0x,This is like fractals on plants and weeeds :)
76561198229204832,Recommended,323320,17672734,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Dylki,I ignored the tele-routers.I got to the ship.I was happy.I managed to rush the first star plant in a few hours.Then I fell.
76561198045527976,Recommended,323320,18127913,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,bogo47,Best game ubisoft ever made. Especially mindblowing with the 3Dvision mod.
76561197998520422,Recommended,323320,18128789,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Ashvinau,"Grow home is a game about a robot that has to grow a plant. If you've played a 3d platformer before, the gameplay will feel familiar. M.O.M. Is an AI aboard an interstellar ship that has discovered a “star plant” on the surface of the planet. She sends B.U.D. (botanical utility droid) to the surface to coax the plant to grow. B.U.D does this by climbing, running, jumping, gliding, and flying to guide offshoots to the precious green resource which makes the star plant grow. The green stuff is located primarily among a huge number of floating islands that dot the sky along the way. On these islands and in other locales one will find crystals to collect and unlock new abilities for B.U.D. The entire game is oriented vertically as one massive area where the plant grows from the ground to the edge of space.The game has no enemies to speak of. Environmental hazards and gravity will account for your deaths. One can choose to climb the stalk directly or use the environment to ascend to the next offshoot. Along the way B.U.D. Unlocks teleporters that also functions as checkpoints. When you fall (and you will) its never a big inconvenience to get back to the last checkpoint. Seeing your progress beneath you as you ascend to each plateau is a satisfying experience.The game has simplistic low-tech graphics that are very stylish. Solid colors and great animation create a convincing world with an unlimited view distance. All of bud's animations are procedural, and tied to the player's controls. While this can be occasionally frustrating as you watch B.U.D. bumble around at the edge of a cliff, it's also humorous and fits the character and world perfectly. The music is quirky and interesting but not particularly memorable. Unfortunately the game has limited replay value as little incentive to keep playing is given after reaching the ending.Grow Home is a fun 10-hour platformer reminiscent of something ubisoft would have released in the early 2000s. It's refreshing to see ubisoft taking a chance on something this creative and individual. Also props to them for not forcing the Uplay drm on this title."
76561197968304755,Recommended,323320,18154092,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Plink,"Great concept, fun exploration game. Worth the coin."
,Recommended,323320,17806587,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shlongadactyl,"Grow Home, Bud, you are drunk"
,Recommended,323320,18232367,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Calebrated Gamer,"This game is a GREAT exploration indie masterpiece, and you should DEFINITELY watch my videos, and grab this game if your into good games. Which I imagine you are. So do it.Do it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbXd6JMSbuU&index=1&list=PL7Dj4-i15ObbUZkxpHiC18OsODljgW1am"
,Recommended,323320,18151785,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,XmattbeeX,"Seriously good chill experience. Ubisoft let their employees produce something that wasn't triple A standard, and it turned out great"
,Recommended,323320,18214232,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Red X,"Great Game, Climbing is fun and intense when collecting cystals. Recomended for all ages"
,Recommended,323320,18215855,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SongsOfTheSoul,"You know what? This little game is the most fun I've had with a video game in a long time. Amongst the horror and violence, the zombies and military meatheads, there's a little red robot on a faraway planet, who just wants to grow a giant plant.First off, Grow Home is adorable. It's freakin' cute. The art style is pleasant, bright, and colourful, and thought it might not have complicated textures and high detail, it's still very appealing--and this is coming from a graphics snob (due to the fact that I only started gaming with Portal of all games). You really get a sense of wonderment from exploring it, discovering all it has to offer and watching it all fly by as you fall 2000 metres to a possible death.It's incredibly calming, with no danger other than falling, water, and the occasional venus fly trap (plus a bull if you manage to find him in the cave he hides in). You just get to mess around in a pretty landscape as a tiny robot, collecting crystals and growing plants, exploring and generally having fun.That being said, there are some glitches with the game. They're all minor, and none of them game breaking, but sometimes B.U.D will get stuck for no apparent reason, or he'll fall through something and send you crashing to your death. Just minor irritations, really.My biggest complaint is that I completed it in a day. While I like sitting back and relaxing with an easy, carefree game, I wish there was MORE of it. Maybe not growing the Star Plant, but other tasks, like collecting other items, or maybe being able to harvest and grow some of the other wildlife, or some more worldbuilding where you find x amount of y and each y you find gives you another paragraph of information about it. Or even just another few levels. This game is absolutely fantastic, and I wish there was more.For eight dollars? Just get it. Totally worth your time and money."
,Recommended,323320,18228328,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Fresh Heiser,"This has to be one of the best games for under £10 on Steam.The character B.U.D. fits perfectly in the tranquil planet you explore and create. I love the music, colour schemes, and fluidity of the animations. Such a great game to just relax to."
,Recommended,323320,18165366,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MKBay,
,Not Recommended,323320,18189977,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Fusion,"Well, For tarters my pc lags like hell when i play this game, please add a very low setting or add a render distance because the ammount of blocks on the screen is making my game lag. It will probably be a good game when this is added although at the moment I find it very hard to control due to my lag. I have 6gb of ram on my pc so it should we flawless although there are way too many blocks on the screen at once. Please add a very low graphics setting or a render distance option ubisoft!"
,Recommended,323320,18192777,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,johnweythek,"I was having fun even as i desperately searched for that last crystal, so worth it. This is a wonderful little game anyone can play."
,Recommended,323320,16635429,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Beat Scratch,all i see is black
,Recommended,323320,16638226,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,causticAntilogy,"If you like games with a big focus on exploration, this game is for you!!Grow Home's objectives consit mostly of looking for various flora, fauna, and crystals, although it's possible to beat the game without pursuing any of those.  The main goal is to grow the star plant up a certain height so you can harvest one of its seeds, but you'll get a lot more out of the game if you take the time to explore and pursue some of the achievements it has.  I was able to do that and fill most of my database in about six hours (at a leisurely pace, which I would recommend for this game), but there's a post-gameplay mission as well that I have yet to complete.This game is super cute with some really pretty lighting thanks to its night/day cycles and low-poly graphics that I really enjoyed.  Overall it has a really nice aesthetic that I don't think I'll ever get tired of looking at.  The controls for climing are really unique and help keep the game interesting, and its somewhat minimal story is, imo, perfect for the gameplay.  Definitely scan some animals and vegetables in that teleporter and read the descriptions of them, because there's some funny writing to go along with it.I had my eye on grow home for a while, and I'm so glad I bought it.  It's absolutely worth the $8!!"
,Recommended,323320,16639943,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kirillionaire,"I really liked it. I even went and got every achievement just because it's so fun to fly and jump around.If you miss Banjo Kazooie or Super Mario 64-like gameplay elements, you could have a lot of fun with this.This game has 3 aspects to it that I found the most pleasing:1. Excellent feeling of freedom of motion through space in a beautiful, non-aggressive setting2. Ability to discover hidden things in your environment,3. Being able to ""scan"" objects in the environment for non-essential, but interesting information about the world.As suggestions, I would have loved more environments/landscapes to explore, and more animals and flora to scan. I would have also liked to be able to take samples from existing flora that is currenlty unscannable, and possibly make it a puzzle to figure out how to acquire a sample that would fit into the scanner/teleporter.10/10, would recommend to anyone who specifically likes platforming. It will probably be pretty boring for anyone who isn't, and especially to those who don't find much value by spending time exploring their environment."
,Recommended,323320,16641345,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Arkayo,"Very fun and addictive. Love the climbing controls. It's a bit short, but there are loads of achievements and challenges. And even after that, it's a great base jumping simulator!9/10 would throw sheep off astroid again"
,Recommended,323320,16736297,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Xerces,"Best 3D platformer in a long long time. Very ""physical"". Definately worth picking up, sale or no sale!"
,Recommended,323320,20582173,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Suggah,Awesome game with an unique atmosphere! It bing back the N64 nostalgia!!
76561197990993852,Recommended,323320,21679311,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Yeti Confetti,"Fantastic way to kill a few hours, wish it was longer - gameplay was fun and relaxing."
,Recommended,323320,21717843,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Duplexion,This is an incredible game and a true wonder of human imagination.
,Recommended,323320,21714928,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,AWildKuei,"Slippery space physics, bouncing leaves, fun achievements most of which aren't grindy, awesome growing mechanics, and relaxing soundtracks. The game even made the falling down part an enjoyable (as opposed to punishing) experience. For someone who's scared of heights, this was pretty great.Fully recommended, except when it tells you to go pick up another 8 seeds at the end.9/10"
76561198049850552,Recommended,323320,21766873,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Laughables,Hands down one of the best games I have played.
,Recommended,323320,21756452,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,jbb060,Lovely grow-your-own platformer with a fantastic sense of scale
,Recommended,323320,21538945,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
,Recommended,323320,21503987,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,MushroomGuy,"Best climbing simulation ever felt in a video-game; this game is poetic, the controls are simple but goddamn satisfying.Great experience, 10/10  (although I would have had wished a larger world with more islands to discover)"
,Recommended,323320,21590699,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Talon One,"An halfway open-world exploration game with lots of flying and gliding through a very simplified 3D World.It's cute, it's simple, controls are a bit wonky but it's nothing too bad.It is very short though, so buying on a discount is advised."
76561198088866872,Recommended,323320,21673557,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Солдат,"9out of 11 like skyrim with robots,would ram into a large structure again"
76561198032966452,Recommended,323320,21650051,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,professorlamp,"A relaxing exploration game based on finding/analysing plants and (some) wildlife. The start leaves a lot to the imagination, I had no idea what the goal of the game was until about an hour in. Up until that point I was just wandering around. Still, it's pretty neat."
76561198278464353,Recommended,323320,21656428,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Poins,Just what I've been looking for!Pros:~ You can climb! (using R&L click for PC)~ You can glide! (using certain pickups)~ You can fly! (using your jetpack in short bursts)~ You can grow a spectacular plant!~ You can collect specimens!~ Fun / cute dialogue~ Blocky graphics that come off well~ Good for a casual playerCons:~ Main storyline only takes a few hours to complete~ Exploring can get a bit repetetive/tiresomeOverall rating: 9/10
,Recommended,323320,21661683,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gerry,"Fantastic game, but way too short. What I expected to be only a single level of the game turned out to be the entire thing. Completing it only took about 2 hours and I could probably be done in about 20-30 minutes if you weren't distracted by anything else. After that there is a lot of stuff to collect which was fun as it gave some new abilities.I don't regret the by at all as the game is good. However it seems like the developers spent a lot of time developing the games core core only to barely use it."
,Recommended,323320,21479427,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Iconoclast,"While too short in my opinion (taking me roughly 2 hours to finish), the game is fairly entertaining and I don't regret playing it."
,Recommended,323320,21479460,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,SnickeringSnack,"Man, this game is lovely.Let me tell you a moment I had early in the game: I was just walking around when I saw a sheep buried in the rocks. I, of course, decided to save him. And after some struggling to move the rocks, I watched him run off towards another sheep, then they ran away together.With the beautiful visuals, and the smooth gameplay, this game is delightfully zen with a good sense of purpose. And it does a great job at making the giant plant feel alive and moving.Also, I don't know about you, but I think you'd have to be a mad person to find all the collectable crystals. (not that I wouldn't try)All in all, the game is perfect for someone who just wants to calm down and relax, even if it did have a framerate issue for me, but that's likely because of my cheese-based computer."
,Recommended,323320,21559043,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Trazz,"This game shows that you can have a flair for the artistic without compromising gameplay. It's bright, beautiful, and vast; while offering a freedom of exploration that few games can match."
,Recommended,323320,21602966,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Gramps Tewks,Simple. Bizarre. Cuuuute~Brilliant!
76561198256004720,Recommended,323320,21858996,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,crtrsamuel,This game is good the put alot into a seemingly simple game.  There's a good and adorable main character that's paired with a comforting M.O.M.
76561198008900293,Recommended,323320,21710392,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jasper,"I haven't finished the game, but I really like it. Some people have complained about the climbing being repetitive, but that's kind of the whole point of a *climbing* game."
76561198245018442,Not Recommended,323320,21736246,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lawd Chimpus Binkle,needs moar funz
,Recommended,323320,16788019,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Kannapa,Good challenging fun for any age.https://youtu.be/bQ-P0IYzIwY
,Recommended,323320,16801900,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Benjamin,The first game I've ever played that made me feel nostalgic for the N64/PSX era.
,Recommended,323320,16802836,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Drj27,Cute little game! Gameplay is simple but really tests ur skill later on. The setting is GORGEOUS and I loved exploring it. Would recommend to anyone looking for a break from the usual
,Recommended,323320,16742387,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,skeebop13,"I loved it! The gameplay is really unique and intuitive, the world is pretty and vibrant. If you like platforming and exploration get this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,323320,16744028,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dagrabbit,"Drunk Robot Simulator 2015 is excellent as a simulation of a drunk robot trying to find out where he parked his space ship, but bad as an actual game.  You’ll spend most of the game climbing a big beanstalk so that you can climb on big rocks that allow you to climb more of a big beanstalk.  So let’s talk about the climbing.  It sucks!  It uses an innovative control scheme never before seen in video games because most video games don’t actively hate the player playing them.  You can get pretty good at the terrible control scheme, but it’s rarely fun, and will still freak out in unpredictable ways 10% of the time.  This would be a little less war-crimey if the cost for failure wasn’t so high.  Your little drunk robot will sometimes let go of a branch for no reason, trip over a space cabbage and fling himself off a cliff, or find some other exotic way to try and end it all.  Sometimes, you can recover, which is very exciting and fun!  More of the times, you’ll just go down down down, finally grab on to something, look back up at the rock you were trying to reach, and say, “No.  I do not want to do that again.”This is a problem when the thing you don’t want to do again is the game’s central mechanic.  It has nothing else except awkward climbing.  Now, the environments that you explore are beautiful.  There’s a great sense of scale, a goofy sense of humor, and I really wanted to investigate every nook and cranny.  At the end of the game, some post-game content unlocks where you can spend more time exploring the world.  Great!  I would love to spend more time in the world.  But that meant I’d have to actually play the game to see it, so NOPE.  I will never make a drunk robot climb a beanstalk ever again."
,Recommended,323320,16745270,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Tox,"Man, this game was something! It is pretty short, yeah. It doesn't have great graphics, yeah. The start was pretty hard without your second upgrade.BUT this game is nuts! I loved all 4 hours i spend in it! Those 4 hours were the first in a very long period that i really could chill! Grow Home is a calm, very fascinating game. Almost nothing tries to kill you, it's all about exploring and getting higher and higher. The upgrades are neat (especially the 100% shard tech) and the controlls (with a Xbox 360 controller) were very precise and good. In the end, I was pretty sad after i finished the game in 4 hours. But it was worth every euro i spend on it!"
76561198148643954,Recommended,323320,16749961,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,rodlee78,"This game is incredibly cute the graphics are amazing and has pretty decent keyboard controls what more could you want from a game? What's amazing is I havn't even scratched the surface of this amazing gameOVER 9,000!!!!!!!!!!!/10"
,Recommended,323320,16683840,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Hot Dongle Vaporwave,"Without a doubt, this game was worth four of the best dollars I ever spent. This game immediately won me over with it's simplistic atmosphere, relaxing music, and unique gameplay. I couldn't help but laugh at the way BUD moved around, dopey expression and all. The game took me about three hours to complete, but that isn't to say this game is without replay value. It's good for when you have an afternoon off and when you waste time.It's overall a very attractive game that never fails to please me. Even after three playthroughs, the game doesn't get old. I'd definitely recommend it to any gamer with a few extra dollars to spend."
,Recommended,323320,16685421,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Scientist,"Grow home is fabulous. just superb. I played with a mouse and keyboard, and the controls were fine once you climbed around for a few minutes or so. The graphics are verry pretty, since they do have a unique style that I honestly don't see that often.  The plant you climb is, for the most part, grown by you. Because of this, you can basically grow the world to your desire. Wanna make a bridge that pisses off into space? No problem? Wanna make a complex and organized system to make climbing easy? Sure! wanna make a house out of branches? It'll take some skills, but why not! It's absolutely superb and amazing to explore.HOWEVER, I must warn you it is short. VERRY short. I beat the main story in about 2-3 hours and did the rest in another 3 hours. If your iffy about it, either just go for it or wait untill they add a new map or something. However, I personally loved it.8/10.Wait? it's by Ubisoft? WHAT!? But... it didn't use U-Play...OMAGAHD MY DREAMS CAME TRUE!10/10bestgameeverplsubisoftmoreofthispls"
,Recommended,323320,16688628,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Deft Beck,"I'm loving this game! Full of color, charm and peaceful nature. There's plenty to do, from collecting energy crystals to upgrade yourself, as well as finding and scanning local flora.Keep on climbing!"
76561198049893859,Recommended,323320,16447134,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pandabites,"Grow Home is simply one of the best small titles I've played. The gameplay is king in this contemplative and beautiful setting that is best described as Wall-E meets Jack and the Beanstalk. In it, you control an adorable little robot, Bud, on his quest to grow a giant plant into space. Not focused on difficult challenges, this game rather focuses on exploring and creating the world you inhabit, while subtly ramping up the tension as you ascend higher and higher and falling becomes increasingly punishing. Although there is little narrative outside the basic premise and the occasional encouraging prompt from Mom (your mothership), a subtle, Freudian overtone permeates the world. This provides the game its knowing humour and subtle world-building, while Bud's movements deliver the initial slapstick chuckles that set the tone of the game perfectly. This tone of amusing diversion helps to mitigate some of the frustration of plummeting to your doom after an arduous climb while the ingeniously simple climbing/grappling mechanic actually makes falling fun. I absolutely loved this game.8/10"
76561198067757010,Recommended,323320,16659779,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,matttech88,"This game was Fun for about a day and a half, I enjoyed it and the game preformed stupendiously. My only issue was that after I beat the game i had very little to do on it after. Not many post play oportunities. I have the ninja suit and the super hero jetpack and have nothing left to have fun with also only one save at a time kinda sucks. All in all a great game perfect for a rainy day."
,Recommended,323320,16661147,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hugh Janus,Was a great game however whenever i alt+tab to open another window the game glitched and when i reopened the game it was unable to load my saved data.Though this happend when i was already almost done with the game im not really mad about it. Oh well it was a great game for the price and i would most likely play a sequel if another was introduced just since its such a great time killer.
,Recommended,323320,16662002,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[POL] The Balånce,"Pretty cute little platformer. It's not very difficult and can feel a little bit repetitive at times but it is beautiful and relaxing. I'd recommend it on sale, but dont pay full price."
,Recommended,323320,17879464,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gordon Little,"This is a fun, cute, little game about a robot.That's all you need to know."
,Not Recommended,323320,16566500,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CAPTAINCOOL,"Great up until the end. For the most part,  the controls are surprisingly not that awful, but the clunky, awkward way in which you have to board the ship at the end is almost impossible. The penalty for failing to do this is far too harsh and in the end, the game just becomes a tiresome repetitive mess."
,Recommended,323320,16570722,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Snopek,".:The Grow Home Experience:.Hour One:  A charming drunken robot simulator.  The procedural animation is impressive and works well with the game's narrative to reinforce the infancy of your character, B.U.D.Hour Two:  Rock climbing simulator.Hour Three:  Helping to sprout and then ride a space plant's phalluses in order to help it bang floating rocks.10/10"
76561198065775562,Recommended,323320,16572070,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MC Phatdick,"Worra corker of a game, sets the bar for sandboxes and is a new level of innovation for Ubisoft - oozes replayability too. Please continue to shape this game with updates, new maps and layered gameplay galore!"
76561198002184914,Recommended,323320,16575888,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Curry,"WARNING 1: Acrophobia. Don't buy this if, like me, you have fear of heights. There will be vomit on your sweater already, M.O.M.'s spaghetti.WARNING 2: Possible phallic symbolism. Star Plant has large... rods for you to ride on to penetrate the nearest... lonely islands."
,Recommended,323320,16551563,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hamlet,"I just finished Grow Home. Oh, wait, I finished it 2 hours ago and just spent another 2 clearing all achievements. It was that enjoyable.If I would need to sum it up with one phrase it would be: ""It is Skyrim for 5 years old children"". Very easy, without violence (if you don't come up with the idea of bringing a sheep on to the top of 2km high tree and dropping it from there), playing felt more like meditating (but it is NOT a walking simulator, it's an actual game!). Pretty zen.And it made me feel like 10 years old. Because of the camera. Games 20 years ago used the same clunky one. That's the only flaw I discovered.Short, cheap, sweet."
76561198031786838,Recommended,323320,16394693,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Chivas-RS,"Fun, charismatic and creative, with physics that feel good and funky. On the downside, it could benefit from more depth, gameplay variations and other worlds to visit. Still, I recommend it as a funny little game."
,Recommended,323320,16388601,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nesir,The best 2 hours of my life. And we need more.
,Recommended,323320,16463970,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,spooky creepy,"Beat it in 3 hours, still had a lot of fun. Very cute, very annoying to fall off the world."
,Recommended,323320,16464156,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Final Contra,It's a 3d platformer climbing adventure game set in a bizarre and creative world. You'll spend your time climbing your way up a giant plant and extending its stalks towards some special floating rocks in the sky to grow the main stalk up to 2000 meters. I'm scared of heights so this game was frequently terrifying for me. I may have been sweating for the majority of my 1.7 hour playthrough but I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,323320,16466080,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CaptainPkmn,"NOTICE: THIS IS NOT A 100% SERIOUS POST YA DONKEY. It a 100% serious post in lowercase letters.I have only one conclusion for you thumbs down people...Your just jealous you can't multi-task and your just jealous of this brilliant game.That being said, Please continue to read of this 24 hour long story.-Pulled a Sheep into the transporter-Pulled a rock into the transporter-Pulled grass into the transporter-Pulled cactus looking thing in the transporter-Pulled a DODO.... and no, I didn't put it in the transporter-I threw the Dodo off the cliff.-Yes, I threw it off-No I didn't cry, robots don't cry, why am I crying....-Self-DestructedBest Hour of gameplay ever.Cons: Can't save the rock stacking house you made, or that beautiful rock fence designed for the sheep...You can't grow anything except for the vine looking branch that grows crazy all over the place- It like war of worlds... OH GOD, NOT AGAIN! IT LIKE TENTICLES- HIDE YOUR CHILDREN. SEND YOUR WIFE OUTSIDE! *Cough* I mean, SAVE US!!!Another Con: *cough* *cough* *cough* Look at the one below....The Con that you were about to read: It Highly recommended to use a xbox controller or some sort of controller that is named: Xbox Controller. If it not a Xbox Controller, then name your mouse a Xbox Controller and cry how hard it is to climb using it. Then rename it to mouse, because a real xbox controller have triggers, YA DOPE.In all seriousness... If you aren't sure about this game, send me a request, and/or look at my beautiful pictures of the game. Okay? Okay. What time is it? Dang.... I wasted 10 minutes writing this.... and what, it took you 2 minutes to read it? Jesus..."
,Recommended,323320,16471835,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zarius,"Brilliant!  Looks great, feels great (takes a while to get used to the climbing but heaps of fun when you do) - awesome climbing and exploration game."
,Recommended,323320,16472061,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ehraiha,A simple game about a little robot named B.U.D. who's enthusiasm is contagious. I found this game very relaxing and fun. The many side-objectives add several hours to the game after the main objective is completed. If you enjoy simple mechanics and an overall fun gaming experience then you should buy this game.
,Recommended,323320,16472884,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Playblast,Fall in love with the game within 20 min or less!
76561198031214978,Recommended,323320,16473789,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Red5fly,BUY A CONTROLLER FFS!!Otherwise a very fun game.
,Recommended,323320,16474899,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Fizzy,"No UPlay, No problem10/10"
,Recommended,323320,16475300,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ShakeTheSnake,Best ubisoft game this year!
76561198112174191,Recommended,323320,16475485,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,HappyLittleTree <|o_o|>,This game is way better than it looks...and this game looks amazing!!!Things i like about it:-story-graphics-gameplay-humorAll in all a must have for people who like exploration games!!!
,Recommended,323320,16475568,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Dead cheap unique gem -in this unique game you free climb around rocks as a robot and grow shoots of a large plant into the sky. Aside from the fun of vertical exploration, you can scan animals and gather crystals.I never played anything like and it's worth to get for the diversion only."
,Recommended,323320,16477437,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,System of a Down Syndrome,"Okay, I love this game, this is the biggest love for a game I have ever had since I went into the donger inhaling professionSo the idea is you grow a giant diseased hydra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and you ride smaller♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to other rocks to infect them with STI'sYes...THAT IS TOTALLY COOL!10000/74.463 Pay attention to me."
,Recommended,323320,16477804,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Periwinkle,"Beautiful colors, low-poly graphics, and relaxing ambiance coupled with simple controls and challenging gameplay make for an excellent title. One of the best exploration games I've ever played, and its uniqueness makes it difficult to compare to any other game.The game says it is recommending to be played with a gamepad, but I played with a mouse and keyboard and think that it is better that way, as some situations require quick and accurate movement."
76561198073215854,Recommended,323320,16449785,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NewOO1,Very fun and unique game.  One of those just sit back and relax after a long day kind of games and I love it for that.  Makes me excited Ubisoft is still funding little gems like this one. +1 for them.
76561198175977793,Recommended,323320,16450669,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DudeFerarro67,This game--is pretty cool.
,Recommended,323320,16450984,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Skali,"Played half an hour now and I'm impressed on how lovely this game is. Controls feel a bit clunky at first, but you get used to that really fast. And the game itself is simple, relaxing and motivating! And no uplay is needed. Grab it!"
,Recommended,323320,16452166,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Bees?,I havent played this game much but it is an amazing game way worth the cost.
,Recommended,323320,14535007,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,RubenVDB,"This is the sh!t, now add multiplayer and a way to kill each other and make another level of some sort with some new game elements to it. Sell it for the same price and you will see me play it the first 5 hours straight to only follow it up with so many more.Much potential to be one of the small toppers of 2015. The year is young and improvement can be made, I really hope so, plz, I need more to feed my addiction. 10/10"
,Recommended,323320,14536962,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Bob,I only get 3-9 frames on the lowest settings and this is still a blast. My PC doesn't even meet the system requirements. If your PC can run this than get it. It's SERIOUSLY worth the price.
,Recommended,323320,14538108,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,a cat,"Great game, everything is fun, and here are a few things you could use to improve it~randomly generated terrain/different planets~ability to play in some sort of free mode where the only objective is to go as high as possible~multiplayerI give Grow Home a 8.5/10, buy it!"
76561198082811231,Recommended,323320,14539048,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[P5] SimplyTom,"Freakin Fantastic Game. The final collectoble was a pain in the butt to find but was totally worth it, enjoyed every second of the 7 hrs ive put into it and look forward to playing more. HIGHLY recomended"
,Recommended,323320,14524826,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,swimshoe,"I spent my first time playing actually beating it.its main story is short but sweet, and definitly a relaxing and beutiful experience."
,Recommended,323320,14525269,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rachek,"For someone acrophobic (that's a fear of heights, for those not blessed with it) while climbing and crawling on near vertical surfaces, thousands of feet in the air, with a robot that tends to stumble and stagger at the best of times like he's taken one too many shots of the good stuff, this game is an adrenaline-fueled exploration in facing ones fears.It's also refreshingly simple while being entirely captivating. I could not stop climbing, at least until I made it just shy of the top, mis-judged a jump, and proceeded to fall quite spectacularly. I may, in fact, still be falling by the time you read this since I don't plan on stopping any time soon.I've seen a few climbing games with independently controlled hands, and most amount to a series of quicktime events synchronized to repetitive animations, but the procedural animations here are mostly fluid and elegant. I say mostly due to the occasions where BUD has managed to contort himself upside down, legs akimbo, while firmly gripping the ground (it must have been a particularly fine vintage.)I don't see much replay value beyond the completionist in me wanting to collect every last crystal. Still, I dare say I have plenty of time. It's quite a long way to the bottom."
,Recommended,323320,14525608,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,OG HAMMER,"Look. Just play it. For lunch, just use some of that bread in your cupboard, and a piece of meat from your refrigerator, and use the money you just saved to buy this. It's fantastic."
76561198047195918,Recommended,323320,14525614,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,weird al-qaeda yankovic,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qolUC13bwMc10/10 would climb again
76561198070345970,Recommended,323320,14526741,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,I'm Mr Meeseeks,"One of the gratest games i've ever played! I only wish it had more levels or a little longer gameplay. Completed it 100% plus all achievments in barely 10 hours, but i really enjoyed it.I particularly like the climbing and exploring the fancy and very beautiful map.I highly reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,323320,14527950,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,brutsu,"Once again, Ubisoft has released an unfinished product. The good thing is that what did actually make it into the initial release is pretty damn great.10/???"
76561198082331097,Recommended,323320,14529796,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Pistol Pete,"This is an amazing game that is centered around fun and exploration. It has great views, interesting terrain and a massive game overall. Worth the money and for once a decent Ubisoft game."
76561198079450399,Recommended,323320,14531833,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kappa Kiev,"Big, Beautiful World: CheckLoveable Protagonist: CheckExtraordinary Views: CheckThe ability to throw unsuspecting sheep over a thousand-meter ledge: Check"
,Recommended,323320,14655850,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Catholic Mario,is rly good
,Recommended,323320,14656535,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,PrenPringle,What a cute little game. Definately worth the 7.99.
76561197970753061,Recommended,323320,14657512,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,allyourbase,Reminds me of the first time I played mario 64. Its that good!
76561197974591194,Recommended,323320,14644302,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TraXxX,"Just Great, A Must play"
76561198041532584,Recommended,323320,14649213,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TheSaltySpitoon,"I'm a casual gamer and this is the perfect game for me! A fairly open world, great mechanics, and the art sytle is just adorable! I've heard people say it was too short and that they beat is in only 3 hours, but I've only just neared the end and I've got 16 hours on record! I really love this game and can't wait to see how ubisoft expands it in the future!"
76561198017018022,Recommended,323320,14636307,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Cosmic,"I grew a giant green♥♥♥♥♥♥♥into space 10/10On the serious side, this game works just fine with a mouse and keyboard, so don't worry about a gamepad at all! Absolutely beautiful game and lots to explore. It is very short if you just stick to the main story, completed it in two hours, however there are a few extra things to do when you reach the end."
76561198021974294,Recommended,323320,14637745,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,crashlanding87,"This game is so joyful, I can't even. Cannot. Even.totally hit that exploration/platformer sweetspot I've been craving.It's challenging, but not brutal. The environments are beautiful, and fun to just explore. And you play a charming little robot to boot. I want to bear hug B.U.D., even though it's metal and angular and probably totally uncomfortable to hug.Buy it. Buy it now."
76561197972075514,Recommended,323320,14638056,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Viper,"Just fun, can play this for hours."
76561198037903363,Recommended,323320,16488028,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Beef Mahonè,"An absolutely beautiful game that took me by surprise. A game that has you building a giant, 2000 metre, green, phallic looking star plant. Also, no Uplay.  10/10"
76561198010172985,Recommended,323320,16488399,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Crashtester,Best drunk robot simulator of 2015. 10/10
,Recommended,323320,16489562,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[DSB] Vladimir,A great peaceful exploration game.
,Recommended,323320,16490481,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,VersaLife Employee,weed
,Recommended,323320,16491355,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fargo,"Just what the trailer advertises! Great controls, beautiful world, and a compelling goal. Just difficult enough to be challenging and rewarding, but never frustrating. Never encountered any bugs, problems, or annoyances of any kind. It's so rare for a game to work perfectly and play just as advertised these days, so this is a true gem! Recommended to everyone."
76561198019483113,Recommended,323320,16491404,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TheBlazingMoon,"Unique 3D platformer. Gameplay reminded me of the good ol' days of Mario 64. Plenty of hard to find collectables and one or two difficult achievements. The controls take a little bit to get used to, but both mouse + keyboard or controller work well once you get used to grabbing on to things.The camera can be a little wonky but I have yet to play a 3D platformer where this wasn't the case. Only real complaint is that I didn't want it to end. It would have been great to take the spaceship to more worlds and continue to explore and entangle everything in giant vines. Here's hoping for an expansion or sequel!Oh and can't forget to mention: a Ubisoft game with no UPlay!!  Is this the beginning of a trend? *Fingers Crossed*"
76561197979129690,Recommended,323320,16521765,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,James,Great game. Fun dynamic. Two thumbs way up on this one. Good job Ubisoft.
,Recommended,323320,16522405,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,NEHGI,"Really cool,I was concerned when I heard ubisoft was involved but there's no uplay here.Pros:-really fun-cheap-no uplay-works fine with either controller or keyboard+mouseCons:-might turn your stomach if you're really afraid of heights"
,Recommended,323320,16524581,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Reid,"Picked this up during the summer sale as a fun, light game to play with my kids.  Kids played it and loved it, now they are in bed and I finally have a chance to get back to my violent adult games and I can't pull myself away.Great fun for all ages."
,Recommended,323320,16529003,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vapenation,"Super good game, Controls are for the most part. Very good way to just sit down an have a calm gaming experience."
,Recommended,323320,16529379,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRPHH,"Lovely little game in which you grow a phalic plant for M.O.M.. In all seriousness though, it's quite a serene experience. It's relaxing in the wame way Proteus is, but this game has an objective. The game keeps surprising you. For a map that seems so limited, it has lots of things to explore. The majority of my playtime in this was me just going from island to island and everytime I would find something cool. The climbing controls are also very intuative.It runs on pretty much everything and it's mostly bug free. Though I did have some minor issues with the camera. Also, it doesn't require Uplay!"
,Recommended,323320,16533741,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chiburger,Super charming and great aesthetic.
,Recommended,323320,16537091,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chubface,"LT, RT, LT, RT, LT, RT, LT, RT, LT, RT, LT, RT... Y.10/10 would fall again"
,Recommended,323320,16540453,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,deadcanvas,"Loved this game.  Nailed the sandbox/puzzler genre with a wicked soundtrack, and cute to boot.  Awesome looking back after an hour or two to see how far off the ground you've come."
76561197992094200,Recommended,323320,16541126,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,zacharisjosepi,"Saw this game as a side-advertisement and was slightly intrigued, clicked on it and saw it was a small almost indy title. Then I saw the sale, for less than $5 and it had to be tested at least.This. Game. Is. Awesome.The single-hand controls (1 button for left, 1 for right) were one of the selling-points as to why this game was REALLY cool, and they were definitely not over-stating. For something as simple as '1 click, 2 click, run, jump', it's unbelievably entertaining...there's something so legit about hanging from the bottom of a cliff-face or floating-island with one hand that is super gratifying.For those who think open-world type games are boring or pointless, this might not be for them (2 people I know hate minecraft, and thought that's what it was), but for anyone who's ever loved 'Just Cause' or games with glider/parachute action....you'll probably love this game. If not for anything else, the gliders.It's early so they might/probably will have things to add on in the future, so I won't comment too much on replay value, and with a standard price tag of around $8, you can tell that it was developed by people who actually have passion for what they're doing, not overwhelming amounts of revenue.Super long story kinda short: if you have $5 (or $8 if you miss the sale) and were gonna spend it on chips or pizza-pockets anyway, buy this instead. Not only will you be pleasantly surprised at how much you enjoy a game so simple, but you'll save $5 (or $8 [only!!!]) on some other, possibly poor purchase, like chips or pizza-pockets."
,Recommended,323320,16532206,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cobalt,I Highly recommend getting this game even if you aren't into indie games like I am. I was sceptical at first but this game is a time killer and extremely fun. I have spent more time playing this game and enjoying it more than I expected too. For such a cheap price it's a no brainer pick up. 10/10
76561198091925386,Recommended,323320,16549339,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dodger7777,"This game is simple, relaxing, search and find, enjoyment. if you enjoy wandering around, taking in a nice view, doing some flight manuvers late game, and just playing a nice relaxing game, you will enjoy this game. 5/5 7/7 9/10 can't ride the bull. only complaint."
,Recommended,323320,15958633,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ЌЇƵǺRŰ,"It's like jack and the beanstalk, but you're a robot10/10"
,Recommended,323320,15965213,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Spooks?,"This game is inexpensive, and was a delight to play. It's very short, but given the price, you could do a lot worse. The platforming and environment traversing was innovative and unique. It isn't particularly difficult, but it is a relaxing, fun time.To be honest, I'm surprised Ubisoft managed to put a game like this out. It isn't about an assassin in historical settings, and it isn't about a tourist-turned-murderer in some exotic location. It's creative and shows that there are at least a few people at Ubisoft with a creative mind.I could imagine paying $60 for a full-length game using (and building on) the mechanics of this game. As it is, the game definitely doesn't outstay its welcome, managing to keep things creative and interesting for it's short run time. I completed it in 2 hours, but a 10-hour version of the game with some new ideas thrown in every couple of hours would have been incredible. As it is, the price point is exactly where it should be. If you've got kids, or want to play a cute game that goes quickly but is addicting and fun, you've come to the right place."
,Recommended,323320,15579487,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Nimja,An absolute gem. It's basically a 3D platforming gathering game with some quirky graphics and physics. But it plays smooth and feels fantastic. It's a really relaxing trip and it was worth the time to get the achievements!
,Recommended,323320,15583853,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jofish,"This game is extremely addictive to the point that I 100%'d it in one weekend. It is satisfying to do well in, and very compelling. That is until you finish it. I haven't played it much since, and the longer you play the laggier it gets (due to growing more shoots), as such I have been awaiting an update for a while."
,Recommended,323320,15599927,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TheRealSlimMuffin,"This game is a fun little open world game that I love. The game mechanics and functions are neat and easy, but still creates a challenge for the player. I would recommend to anyone that can afford it."
76561198023464913,Recommended,323320,15592918,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sir Cherbles,Just play it. Trust me. You'll love it if you like really well done mechanics and quirky art styles.
,Recommended,323320,15815379,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,positivestress,"A cute, fun little game. It's not the most amazing thing you'll ever play, but for just $8 Grow Home is absolutely worth your time."
,Recommended,323320,15818351,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Whisky River,"Great game, minimalistic with a beautiful art style and soundtrack. Well worth the 4.99 I paid.+Amazing style+Great Music+Adorable robot-A little short"
,Recommended,323320,15847945,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Billy,"I 100% the game in one sitting. Then, while replaying it, found out about the catapult plants.1,000,000/10 would catapult while squealing like a little girl again."
,Recommended,323320,15673165,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,☭,great little game for hours of entertainment
76561197992974128,Recommended,323320,15748024,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,grizzo,"grow home is an absolutely amazing and unique no-baddies game.  super calming and fun and with no antagonists, exploration time is pretty much stress-free fun time party time.  as a bonus, this game occasionally triggers my fear of heights from falling, eliciting a reaction more terrifyingly visceral than any horror game i've ever played.  seriously scares the minerals out of me to play this game.10/10 would risk soiling pants again"
76561198119025534,Recommended,323320,15794173,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Fiery,Ja ne mogu vjerovati svojim ne uplay 10/10 najlakši rezultat ikada dao
,Recommended,323320,15849939,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,InNOutKing,Fun
76561198084131407,Recommended,323320,15852471,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Fruit In a Can,"Everyone's complaining about the controls. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Its easy to play with mouse and keyboard, and actually very fun when you don't want to play a stressing game. Its relaxing, and simple to understand.It is kinda short though, but even when you've finished the game, it's still fun to leap for the top of the map trying to find all the crystals, and doing side missions. I recommend it :) ( Ps: You can throw animals off floating islands)"
,Recommended,323320,15923275,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,dikzlord,"this game seems amazing, if only i could play. the brightness is way low and i can barely see, cant seem to find a brightness changer in options so im kinda screwed. i sold perfectly good cs:go skins for this disappointment (update the problem has been resolved great game 10/10)"
76561198045733495,Recommended,323320,15927542,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,McPants Act 2,"This game may be short, even if you 100% it it would take ~6 hours, but it is very enjoyable and worth the money"
,Recommended,323320,15911797,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Plissken,"Bounding across abyssal drops as you scramble for purchase on a stark cliff face; Soaring through a cyan sky bled amber by the sunset, while gliding majestically under the wing of a giant leaf; Gazing in wonder after summiting that plateau you had long been working towards, looking out across the bubble-gum fantasy land stretching before you: Just some of the regular activities to undertake as you absorb the bright, youthful, rhythmic pleasures of Grow Home. Yes, there’s gonna be hyperbole and yes, the luminous glow of my strong recommendation already burns bright.It’s a simple premise. You've fallen to earth from a spaceship parked in the low atmosphere of an alien planet and basically it’s up to you to climb back - up through the pastel tapestry of floating rocks, islands, waterfalls and asteroids that populate this very vertical world. Conveniently you team up with a kind of giant beanstalk that you ‘grow’ in order to climb the gaps to get yourself ‘home’.  But thanks to the dynamic agency you are granted over this overzealous sprout it ends up feeling less like an artificial construct of progression and more like artistic collaboration with nature as you paint the sky green in spaghetti like abstraction.So, you are also a robot. A cute one. Kinda clumsy – turns out the little red guy and his flailing limbs were actually a result of the free-form physics-based skeletal movement system this experimental game was based on. Remarkably for an Ubisoft game it was an innovation they ran with early in development and ended up embracing whole-heartedly – as reflected in the character, aesthetics and level design of the final product.There’s a childlike joy to flinging that little bot around, a distinct physicality lending momentum that just feels more natural. It’s such a pallet cleanser to the rigid acrobatics of Assassins Creed where a leap in any direction usually prompts the AI controlled avatar to stagger then rigidly animate on any one of a million pre-programmed yet unexplainable edge conditions. In Grow Home the grabbing is manual, the climbing real, your arms under your direct control, every surface, every object - tangible to your magnetic grip. It’s a freedom of movement unique in gaming and worth the price of the game alone.The floating islands you will traverse are spread vertically on a grand scale but made relatable through the various nooks, penetrations and cute vignettes – detailing the world and giving it charm. It’s a profoundly alluring arrangement always teasing the bountiful plateaus first from their dark underbellies, lending the vertical climb an always rewarding sense of reveal. But if that wasn’t enough the developers went one step further teasing you to explore every corner by the liberal placement of collectible gemstones that gradually unlock movement capabilities - focused in the latter part of the game on jetpack upgrades (As you can imagine quite useful in a game featuring such gigantic pitfalls).For a collectible system the stones are fairly well distributed and the rewards well connected to core gameplay, however at a certain point I couldn’t help but sense a certain manipulation as my free spirited quest to rise up through the world started to feel at odds with an unnatural obsession I had developed to hoover up every last collectible - lest I miss out on the full-flavoured joys of jetpack bound navigation. Like in so many games the sense of virgin exploration is somewhat diminished when you find yourself being deliberately led to every last corner rather than discovering those places for yourself.Regardless of its more artificial attempts to stimulate exploration, Grow Home, through beautiful world and simple mechanics, comes together as an unabashed delight. It’s a short but oh-so-sweet experience and anyone remotely interested in reconnecting with a childlike sense of fun and exploration should buy and download immediately. Now if you’ll excuse me I’m off to scale a waterfall, dance across a field of asteroids and then skydive back down through a green sprawl of my own creation. If gaming has ever had a relationship with the world of your imagination this is sure to make for one of the good times you'll not easily forget.If you liked that piece check out this excellent PC game site:www.tonnochiroad.comOr follow me on twitter:@tonnochiroadThanks for reading. Cheers Guys!"
,Recommended,323320,15713052,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,kproche,First 18 minute of Play and I'm hooked! best €8 i've spent on Steam
,Recommended,323320,15879642,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Poohshoes,2015 Game of the Year!
,Recommended,323320,15661712,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,bonneraaron18,"Overall, an incredible little game that's got great atmosphere, fun concept, and open feel.It's a pretty short play, depending on how sidetracked you get. If you're going for a straight win, it can be done in an hour or two, but if you're after some achievements or want to explore more, expect to put some more time into it. Cinematics are nice, the environment is gorgeous, and the scale of the map is just awesome.My only real complaint is that sometimes it feel like BUD is drunk, the controls are a bit loose. The camera can also be difficult at times, but neither of these factors detracts from the game nearly enough to make a negative impact."
,Recommended,323320,14367988,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Nasser,10/10
,Recommended,323320,14370338,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Chev,this game is adorable and really entertaining. a nice quiet cozy game.
76561198008888391,Recommended,323320,14371027,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Archivist42,I actually enjoyed this game so much that I decided to do a short review of it. I'll leave the link here if anyone is interested.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kR7bGCJmGdg&list=UUTzvU1FAPxTcZkm0gL_42JQ
76561198001295503,Recommended,323320,14372012,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Happytoe,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,323320,14372091,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ruthless Banana,"This is a great game. Best casual gaming experience I've had in a long time. Suprisingly large world to explore, fun mechanics and gameplay all wrapped up in a wonderful, charming simplistic art style. A must have IMO."
76561198059031703,Recommended,323320,14372331,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,icecoldbite,"Hey everyone, this is going to be my review/opinion of Grow Home, and I think I'm at least semi qualified, considering I've beaten the game and gotten almost all the crystals. Now, on to the reviewFirst off, sound and graphics.  The sound is actually quite an important part of the game, as minerals can be found using the sound they make. The music is cheerful, lighthearted, and fits the game well. Next, graphics. As you can see, the graphics are just amazing. Multiple times I've just climbed to a high point and looked around. Seriously, the art style is just amazingNow, on to gameplay, which is going to be the biggest part of this review, obviously. The gameplay is slow paced, relaxing, and the only time I've been even slightly frustrated is when I couldn't get this one crystal, and even that wasn't bad and didn't last for long. The gameplay focuses on two main things; climbing, and exploration, although exploration is entirely optional, but makes the game much more enjoyable in my opinion. The basic premise is that you climb using the triggers(on a gamepad, which this game was obviously designed for and much better to play with), or with lmb and rmb for keyboard/mouse. You get things along the way like a little flower parachute and a leaf glider, which is actually quite fun to use. You get upgrades by finding and collecting minerals, and from 20-60 it is a jetpack/upgrades, which is extremely helpful. If you have 60 crystals and a jetpack you can literally fly by using the jetpack to gain altitude, which is amazing fun. There's a lot more mechanics and a lot of different strategies people will find and use, but the basic premise is climbing upwards, and exploring for crystals to upgrade. Overall, with some time getting achievements and collecting most mineral crystals, the game should last 4-6 hours. if you want to just blaze through it, that isn't really the way to play, as the game would last you 2 or 3 hours maximum, which is why exploration, while technically optional, is worth it to get the full experienceNow, my overall opinion. This game is amazing, and I've had some of the most fun playing it than I've had in a while. The gameplay is relaxing, the sights are beautiful, the world large and fun to explore, and the music delightfully cheerful. All in all, I'd give this game a 9 out of 10. It suffers from a lack of co-op, which would be amazing, and it can get a bit tedious at times looking for those last few crystals, but overall, I highly recommend it, and I'd get it as soon as possible.And this concludes my review of the game. It's a bit skewed by my personal opinion and preferences, but that's to be expected. Anyways, until next time"
,Recommended,323320,14372485,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,N7 Harbinger,Frustratingly fun!
76561198044248063,Recommended,323320,14373940,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Chicken McNazi,"Nice concept of free flying and climbing in the world, also creating your own ""world"" with the giant plant is pretty cool, and I love the abilities you can get by collecting crystals. How ever, at the moment the game is way too short! It takes about 1 h 30 min to finish the main quest (even if you collect some of the crystals alongside), and after that the game turns into a sandbox collecting game. Could have done more content with the universe."
,Recommended,323320,14373995,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Jonny5959,Its fun and all completed it 2 times already and collected everythingUbisoft needs to make things like this more often and not other copy and paste rubbishand make more unique things like this gamePros:Climbing is awesomeEnd game is hardCharacter is simpleController supportUniqueReplayabilityCons:Can't endgame without infinite jetpackMouse is quite hard but its bareableShort
76561198061445272,Recommended,323320,14374272,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Reece,"I love this game, I hope they make more maps. Now I have to find all the crystals."
,Recommended,323320,14379450,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Matt,Simply amazing art style. Game is a little short and possibly too easy for a experienced gamer but in all very fun. For only $9 I am impressed with the content.
,Recommended,323320,14342803,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Siresly,"Feels like a prototype born out of some animation system experiment that grew all weird and out of control. It turned out pretty good. It's fun to climb, jump and float around. There's no glowy handholds or autograbs here, you have to navigate, figure out and execute this stuff yourself, which is pretty satisfying. Movement and air control is very momentumy, which feels a bit iffy, but you get a slowdrop flower and rocket boost to help with that, and you learn to consider it, so it's ok. And if you fall it's not that big of a deal, as long as you reach and activate the checkpoints/fast travel points.The actual growing of the plant is a pretty brilliant idea, and probably what most elevates Grow Home from other platformers. When growing a sprout you're basically making your own platform which you can then then walk and climb on, and it grows these springy leaves that boost you up. If you connect a sprout to an energy rock thing, the main star plant grows another step. So you're continually climbing higher and higher amongst these floating rocks and whatnot.It's a climby, floating, flying 3D platformer where you construct parts of the levels and continually explore upwards. Plus it basically has agility orbs. It's a bit like a Keita Takahashi game, plus a bit of WALL-E and maybe some Rainbow Island. Or something. It's a bunch of things, which usually means it's different from most things. I like it. And no Uplay. You should buy it extra hard just because of that."
76561198080767563,Recommended,323320,14379524,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,thepenguinodyssey,"I usually don't write reviews until I've completed a game (Or spent a number of hours with it, depending on the type of game) but even just in the short time I've spent with this title, it's easy to reccomend.  Grow home is a charming and colorful 3D (!) platformer centered around exploring and collecting crystals.  The game has  a cool motif of climbing, that once you get used to is really fun.  Your character does control a bit clumsily, which is hard to get used to at first, but once you adapt to it and realize that you are afterall playing as a awkward, clumsy robot, it's actually a nice touch.  This game also doesn't require Uplay. I'll say that again: This game does not require Uplay! CAN I GET A HALLELUJAH?! This game is an absolute steal for 8$. It's ironic that it comes from Ubisoft, since they're usually the ones stealing from us..."
76561198023049455,Recommended,323320,14349683,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Yusufu,"It's fun. you have the freedom to go wherever you want, and once you collect enough cristals, you get an upgrade that changes the game play slightly. I have so far got 3 upgrades: camera change, jumping, and jet packs but it's too weak at the moment.The map is one huge map with checkpoints spread across. You have to grow a plant in a certain way that it fules up and starts growing higher and higher in the sky. I'm intrested to see where will end.All in all, it's a nice adventure for a cheap price."
76561198041665058,Recommended,323320,14350208,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,gaijinking,AMAZING!!! Just buy it for the experience. This game is so refreshing.
76561198002641152,Recommended,323320,14348502,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Fate,"Grow Home is an Indie, open world platformer where you play as B.U.D (Botanical, Utility, Droid) in your attempt to collect all them crystals, yip yip, and grow a gigantic beanstalk to the heavens! Oh and grab some seeds and bring it to Earth or whatever.On a more serious note your goal in the game is to grow a Star Plant large enough so you can harvest it’s seeds to bring back to Earth. Which you can do by connecting a Star Shoot into floating islands called energy rocks surrounding the large plant.As this game is a platformer your main activities will consist of figuring out how to get to point A to point B to achieve your objectives. Though that may prove difficult at first since B.U.D is a heavy character with a lot of momentum and you will find yourself fighting with the controls like in games such as QWOP or Surgeon Simulator. But once you learn how to properly manipulate B.U.D you will find an incredibly enjoyable time as you jump, bounce, and climb your way up that would make Jack proud.Littered throughout the level are multiple crystals that I recommend finding as you unlock more abilities the more you find. They are in no way necessary needed to complete the game but let me just say one word: jetpack.The game has a voxel like aesthetic that it uses to full effect and just radiates charm. And though I’m not normally a graphics minded person, the graphics is what peaked my interest of the game. Music wise the game didn’t have much to offer but what I heard was pleasing to hear. Difficulty wise the game isn’t too punishing as long as you activated various teleporters scattered throughout the game that act as your checkpoints if you die or can use if you need to travel back somewhere quickly.Overall I would say this game was incredibly fun and a great game for all ages though it may be a bit short (unless you decide to do the bonus objective after you beat the game the first time) and even though Ubisoft hasn’t been very up to par lately, if you’re into a casual platformer that’s a lot of fun then this game is a must buy at $8.Here's a link to my video review, it ended up far longer than I intended, I had a lot more fun than I anticipated:http://youtu.be/wXcWDS3ULFs"
76561198061658720,Recommended,323320,14353777,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Whateverman,I honestly dont think i held a smile this long while playing a game before.
,Recommended,323320,14354283,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Kablamo,its alright hey
76561198052593402,Recommended,323320,14333429,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Great Charade,"GardeningSheep drowningEnergy crystalsNuff said.On a more serious note the atmosphere is gorgeous, the gameplay can be extremely frustrating (like when you fall the fifth time while trying to wrench a crystal from the underside of a floating mountain or when you fall through an asteroid), but it is a very calm and immersive environment. If you want to relax and kill some time on the cheap I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,323320,14355796,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,PenguinToast,"Great game, no autosave though, crashed after about an hour when I tabbed out and back in and I lost all of my progress"
,Recommended,323320,16876477,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Navy Seal of Approval,"Took me 4 hours to reach the end of the main story/quest, but it was a fun adventure. Lovely surroundings, cute robot (with awkward moves), nice steering (gamepad is a must). I will probably come back to it, to earn some more achievements. Very relaxing experience, definetely recommended."
,Not Recommended,323320,17210028,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,randsm5,"Despite the frastruating control and camera, I felt like recommending this game for its unique gameplay....until I ran into what seems like a bug at the very end that prevents me from finishing the game.  Searched internet and the solutions were either to contact customer support (if it's a bug), or (if it's not a bug) tediously back track and hunt down a few items in this complete open world.  So tired of the horrible control that I decided not to waste any more time.  What a disappointing end.Thinking back now the game isn't that fun to begin with.  It has one interesting core concept that lasts for 10 mins of fun...then repetitive gameplay...kept playing because thought it's easy enough I could finish it."
76561198115342742,Recommended,323320,17214100,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Cyborg Meatball,"A beautiful and relaxing game about jumping, floating, climbing and growing a beanstalk. Your character's animations and movements are generated based on your polygonal environment, creating a unique pseudo-ragdoll platformer."
,Recommended,323320,17215536,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,IcePotato,"a low-key, goofy, pleasant game about growing plants up into space."
,Recommended,323320,16626168,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,evildonald,Thoroughly enjoyable little timewaster of a game... once you understand how to climb!
,Recommended,323320,16628811,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Metal Gear Salad,Fell off a cliff while throwing a sheep off said cliff.10/10
76561197965043054,Recommended,323320,15541818,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,palpen,"Short, cozy game though funky controls and camera angle"
,Recommended,323320,25646691,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Miley Cyrus,This game was such a pleasure to play. Even though it was short it was worth every single penny. Grow Home has to be one of my all time best gaming experiences.
,Recommended,323320,25728889,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,/F4RZ\,it's fun
,Recommended,323320,25729143,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,basedgabe,kewl lil d ude jumps around p fun
,Recommended,323320,25910939,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,k1rby | BEEN VAC BANNED,This game is quiet hard on my computer and I have crazy frame drop on it. So I thought whats the point in play a game that isn't even possible for me to play. I have tried putting the quality down to low but didn't do anything frame wise. I do recommend it if you have a computer that is good. So if I could get a refund on it that would be nice thanks.
,Recommended,323320,25888436,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,RedBlooded,This is one fantastic game worth your money! It took only minutes to show it's fantastic art style and great game mechanics! Looking forward to buying the sequel!
76561198237299200,Recommended,323320,25803955,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DEEZ NUTZ,very good and fun i really enjoy this game and think everybody else should try it out
76561198104322505,Recommended,323320,25849591,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Arc_angel_J97,"The game is fun and I espiecially liked the combination of thrusters and that gliding leaf, I can just keep on flying forever between the islands and that huge star plant. It's a bit hard to find all the crystals for the first time, but once you get  through the game, it's not that hard, though it still takes some time to get all of them. I do look forward for any updates (I was checking for the latest news and actually saw Grow Up, a game based on Grow Home, i'm going for it now), so Ok, maybe no updates, but it's a fun game anyway, and I appreciate for all the effort that the team gave in for creating this/these awesome games."
,Recommended,323320,26189223,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,CornBen,"This game controls very well and I had a lot of fun.My only gripe was that there's no autosave, so make sure you use the teleporter every few minutes because the game also randomly crashes every few hours."
76561198066975234,Recommended,323320,26248085,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Choc Shot,"Grow Home was simply a amazing game i loved the way it played out and the ragdoll gameplay it was just so fun and the climing to your goal cxthis is a must have game and i loved it altho i would say it is short and easy to rush throu and compleat quickly, if there was more added to the game like a bigger tree or more missions it would be amazingbut get this game its good."
76561197981444454,Recommended,323320,26165548,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Avery Cates,"A delightful game. Fun and relaxing. The sense of scale you get from the size of the play area and draw distance, combined with how you move throughout the space makes it feels joyous. Even though it was short, it was the perfect length (you can easily get a replay or two out of it, and you can get more play time if you like collecting 100% of items in games)"
76561197992856964,Not Recommended,323320,25874883,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[FOR]mica,"My first impression is being marred by technical issues that bother me, but may not bother others.  This is the first time I've felt alienated by a game's controls and UI, and it's weirdly disappointing, because I love exploration games and like to encourage games that have a low-polygon graphical style.1) The minimum resolution has a height just slightly taller than my laptop's screen, so I Will be playing on fullscreen whether I like it or not.  No multitasking this game and other tasks for me.2) The controls are definitely designed for a controller rather than mouse and keyboard, and are aggressively floaty and imprecise, with a bad habit of jittering (controls) or autocorrectively ""helping"" (camera), often counterproductively.  ESPECIALLY the camera.  It makes it feel like a very, very careless port.3) Cutscenes are sudden and without warning, and frequently happen while I'm clinging to a wall or mid-jump, rather than when I'm standing on solid ground.  It is very hard to concentrate on or care about them when I'm worried about falling and losing several minutes of progress.4) The vertical camera controls are inverted compared to the horizontal camera controls.  You can ""Invert Camera Controls"" if you want, but if you want moving up = up and down=down, then you have to have mouse left=right and right=left.  Or, you can have the camera controls be right=right and left=left, but then up=down and down=up.  Not good.  Would have liked seperate toggles.It feels like I could love this game, with a very simple patch or mod.  But, as is ....  A very reluctant thumbs down."
,Recommended,323320,26080057,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,H3ath3ns H3al,Love this game so much. Fun Physics. Maddening
,Recommended,323320,26080819,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,NECROSALAD,"Grow Home Full Review by NECROSALADOverviewGrow Home is a casual, 3D adventure platformer set in a very polygonal, very colorful planet that hosts a cosmically-rare Star Plant. The main character, B.U.D., defined as Botanical Utility Droid, is dispatched to the planet’s surface by the ship’s computer M.O.M. I don’t recall the game defining M.O.M., but in the world of forced acronyms, I think it’s better to leave that be. B.U.D. is tasked with growing the Star Plant to 2000 meters high in order for the plant to flower, and therefore harvest the Star Seeds, which are needed for the journey home on our space ship. This is accomplished by “encouraging” the growth of star shoots to literally plug into energy rocks that are floating around the world. B.U.D. has to climb up each star shoot and straddle the head of the sprout to activate growth. Yes, I am making this cute, child-friendly game sound sexual, but think of B.U.D. as a pollinator to the colossal Star Plant.B.U.D. traverses the environment through running and climbing (the game is best played with a controller as climbing utilizes alternating left and right trigger presses). Besides climbing and running, B.U.D. also has the ability to traverse the planet through the use of teleporting telerouters, floating flowers, gliding leaves, and jetting jetpacks. If a player misses their mark with any of these methods of transportation, B.U.D. will fall endlessly until impacting the surface of the planet or floating island in some way. Small falls are manageable, but large plummets will result in an adorable death by polygonal explosion. Fear not, as B.U.D. will respawn at the last telerouter accessed without a death penalty. All progress is saved. Nothing is lost. This is, after all, a casual gaming experience.Various other bits of wildlife and plantlife scatter the surface of the planet with limited interactivity. M.O.M. will continue nag about collecting lifeforms by placing them in the telerouter for analysis, but this is only a side objective. B.U.D. has a singular task of growing the Star Plant and eventually harvesting the Star Seeds.DeveloperGrow Home feels extremely indie in presentation, yet it dons the Ubisoft brand. More specifically, the game was developed by the Ubisoft Reflections team, which is the product of some corporate maneuvering in the early 2000s of Reflections Interactive, a dev team started in the mid 80s. This team has been developing triple A games for a very long time, although I assume Grow Home was most likely an experimental project that blossomed into a very enjoyable game.ProsThe first thing I liked about Grow Home was the visually-striking color palette and minimalist design of the planet. The views can be stunning at times, especially when at higher altitudes. The draw distance allows a player to see everything the game has to offer, extending all the way to the outer atmosphere of the planet, and conversely down to the planet’s surface when standing on the ship near the end of the climb.I define some issues I have with the controls in the “cons” section below, however, the traversal mechanics really make this game enjoyable. I had a lot of enjoyment sailing around the skies using the gliding leaf and rocketing myself in odd directions usings the geysers and catapults. Ultimately, taking a telerouter to the top and leaping off to eventual death by splattering against the planet’s surface is infinitely amusing.It’s good to note as well that there is no necessity for the player to actually grow the Star Shoots in a proper direction towards the energy rocks, so I took the liberty of trying to draw shapes and create structures. As soon as the current Star Shoot stops growing, I only had a short glide to the next sprout to start the whole process over.The soundtrack to the game is pretty good, although nothing to write home about. Suitable for the nature of the casual gaming experience.ConsI did not have any major, game-breaking bugs or significant problems, however, considering the developer, I felt that Grow Home was not well-polished enough as a finished product. The minor problems I ran into were occasional issues with controls and interactivity. I had moments of falling from surfaces that I was firmly attached to. Sometimes I could not pull a crystal out of the ground without somehow losing my grip and causing myself to fall. The undersides of Star Shoots can become real headaches as B.U.D. fails to grip any part of the terrain when climbing down. The Star Shoots themselves can be death traps if you manage to submerge yourself in the landscape at odd angles. Very doable considering the wild nature of Star Shoots at the start of growth. Lastly, and most annoyingly, B.U.D. will start to lean and fall when standing on the slightest angles of terrain, which caused me to panic for grip when trying to take a look around the environment.The game was built in Unity which causes any game to naturally inherit base levels of jank. Apologies to Unity, but the model of making game development incredibly easy means that the game is not going to run very clean. The animations and climbing mechanics were pretty hitchy most of the time, compensated only by waiting for the audible “click” when B.U.D. had managed to grip the terrain. Leg animations are especially hilarious when climbing as they flail about aimlessly.Grow Home is also very short with the main game objective only taking me a couple of hours to complete. Sure the game has other side content, but that content had no appeal to me. I find the game’s length and content is fair for it’s price on Steam.As a last complaint, the constant feedback of sound effects from B.U.D. really started to drive me crazy as I played through the game. I didn’t get much from the soundtrack because I kept turning down the volume to avoid hearing B.U.D. make noise every thirty seconds.VerdictGrow Home is a very beautiful and minimalistic game. The main objective is simplistic and enjoyable to complete. The gameplay mechanics are very entertaining, however, the controls can be problematic at times. The soundtrack fits the play style quite nicely, but the sound effects from B.U.D. are too numerous and rather annoying. The main objective of the game is pretty short, only taking me about two hours to complete. The side content was available, but unappealing. Altogether, I believe the price to be fair for my gaming experience.I recommend picking up this game and playing through it all in one go. Set aside a night, engage in a lackadaisical attitude, get some snacks, and enjoy exploring the planet with B.U.D.Thanks for reading!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqMQNXt05Iw"
76561198008778944,Recommended,323320,26170659,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Fortified Whine,"Great way to fill a Saturday afternoon!I've seen a few reviews which disliked this game because of the controls.  Don't listen to these guys! I feel that this is as much part of the game as the mission you have to accomplish and I was not bothered by it at all.Other than the movement mechanics, the game looks great and kept me interested for multiple hours in one sitting.  Replay value is probably going to be low for a while but I can see myself restarting the whole thing in a few months and enjoying it just as much as now."
,Recommended,323320,25927408,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Asdfghjkl,"Amazing game. The game is extremely fun, and the perfect amount of challenging. The collecting part of the game is also very good, and feels very rewarding when you finally find the crystal or animal. I reccomend this game highly."
76561198062826767,Recommended,323320,25936035,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,James,its really fun makes you feel like you get a step closer each time
,Recommended,323320,25930793,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,heavy_pulse,"Story: 4/10 - There story was meh, nothing which made me want to continue other than the reward of completion itself.Graphics 6/10 - Graphics were ok, nothing special either.Gameplay 6/10 - Gameplay was decent with a simple objective. But the game was very repetitive and hard to control. I often fell to my death after reaching a great height due to the bad controls, it was very frustrating.Sound 7/10 - The game had nice atmospheric sounds with nice sound effects, not bad.Overall 23/40 - DECENT"
,Recommended,323320,26023187,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,antiyoupunk,"Great game, finished it in about 2 hours with my son. Fairly unique gameplay that's quite enjoyable with a very pleasant atmosphere and occasionally awesome vistas. For you completionists out there, there is a lot of items to collect, but honestly I'm not sure that wouldn't turn into tedium. Highly reccommend it for a quick playthrough to try something different."
,Recommended,323320,25923166,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SkyWalk420,"Very fun game, but too short for my liking. Good thing there's Grow Up :)"
,Recommended,323320,26097298,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Raum,"A neat little experience that manages to not wear out its welcome before wrapping itself up. A decent bit of post-game content exists for those who really want to keep the experience going, but I personally felt satisfied after growing home, so to speak.I found the experience to be better with a controller, as well.Don't expect any kind of deep experience. This is mostly just a good diversion. I managed to knock it out in one sitting, when I finally got around to really playing it."
76561198038767092,Recommended,323320,15705423,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Windwhiz101,So relaxing and interesting. Honestly treasure every moment you have playing this game because you are done with it before you know it and left with the memories :)
,Recommended,323320,16818817,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,啊!,"A fun, lighthearted platformer and an entertaining time sink. Chances are, you'll enjoy it."
76561198060257700,Recommended,323320,16818973,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Diency,It's octodad but climbing.10/10
76561198045620874,Recommended,323320,16197467,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Jet fuel can't melt steel penes,"It has some very fun gameplay allowing for replayabiltiy after compleation, the game took 2 hours to complete and 6 hours to %100 collectables and achievements, it is a nice time killer and you can even set some challenges for youself after due to the gameplay's variation. DEFFO WORTH THE BUY 10/10"
,Recommended,323320,16201442,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,oprah_wind_fury,Its Great success
,Recommended,323320,16216376,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Wontimm,CALL 519-329-9199
76561198042747129,Recommended,323320,16218167,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mr. Demon Veggie,"No spoilers here, just go buy this, its a beutiful little game by an indie studio of Ubisoft10/10"
,Recommended,323320,16379191,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hunnybee2,"VERDICTWait for sale (7.0/10)Completion Time: 2-4 hoursBottom Line: ""If you're looking for an easy, stress-free, and good looking gaming experience, you're in the right place.""PROS+Awesome art style+Addicting gameplay+Super casual gaming+Loveable main characterCONS-Gameplay is very tedious-Very short-You will die... a lot-Controller HIGHLY recommendedFULL DISCLAIMER: I PLAYED WITH A MOUSE AND KEYBOARDREVIEWWhat drew me to this game was the super cheap price tag ($5 on sale) and the beautiful art direction. I love games that look nice, and the heavily geometric and vibrant planet are very pleasing to the eye. The gameplay on the other hand...well we'll get into that.The concept for this game is that you are a robot named B.U.D. on the search for ""star seeds"" in order to save your home. After a long space journey your vessel happens upon a foreign planet with a ""star plant"" that needs to be grown in order to cultivate its seeds to complete your research.Just how do you grow this plant? Gameplay consists of traversing floating islands above the planet's surface and connecting the star plant's massive stems to these islands in order to harvest their energy. The more islands you harvest, the higher the plant grows! Soon enough you'll grow the plant high enough to reach your ship and harvest a star seed.I'll start with the good. Right off the bat you can tell this game has style. The animals roaming the land areadorable, there are massive floating islands waiting to be explored, and our Wall-E-esque main character is endearingly awkward. Throughout your journey you will be collecting crystals in order to level up your character and gain more abilities. My inner collecting perfectionist needed to scoureveryinch ofeveryisland to find every crystal possible, and this is mostly what kept me going. It's a formula that works, especially if you're looking for casual gaming and treasure hunting.Now the not so good.I really dislike the controls for this game. I died more times than I could count, and many of these deaths were attributed to unresponsive inputs that failed me. Many of the crystal locations are even placed so that it is nearly guaranteed that you will die once getting it. Most of these deaths left a bitter taste in my mouth, and really hampered my experience.Also there is only one planet, meaning once you reach your ship you're pretty much done unless you're a completionist and want to collect all the gems and finish the side quests.So should you buy this? Well if your looking for an easy, stress free, and good looking gaming experience, you're in the right place. It's a neat little platformer and will take up a few hours of your time. On the other hand, this game requires a tremendous amount of patience, so prepare yourself!"
76561198046098101,Recommended,323320,16423939,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BrokenBones201,Fun but not too long
,Recommended,323320,14520359,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Javi0usly,"I LOVE this game. It's charming, quirky and cute. The weird jumping physics sound like a recipe for disaster, but in reality they amount to an exhilarating challenge where the wrong jump could send you falling down hundreds of feet, but the right jump makes you feel amazing. Grow Home pefectly captures the feeling of being incredibly high up and the consequences of falling."
,Recommended,323320,14520420,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Peach Juice,"If you have ever played a game and thought ""I wish i could climb that."" look no further. This is a game about climbing everything and it has been excecuted perfectly. I love this game and would recomed it to anyone that enjoys having fun."
76561198136875163,Recommended,323320,14522430,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Jon Arbuckle,Finally a game that breaks the fps teduim
,Recommended,323320,14522769,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,fjellkan,Really enjoyable with good climbing mechanics. To top it all off it's very aesthetically pleasing. My only gripe is how short the storyline is.
76561198021429830,Recommended,323320,14522884,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,MountainMan199,Super fun!
76561198051736601,Recommended,323320,14522933,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ghostross900,10/10 would recomend it flying climbing gliding grabing trowing twisting ect absoultly fun
,Recommended,323320,14523441,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,clingbeetle,"Pls more, pls multiplayer, pls."
,Recommended,323320,14523896,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,WickedCestus,Really good.
,Recommended,323320,14533256,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Charlie02 [ONWA],"Great shorter game. Great visuals. Great gameplay mechanics. Great lenght (Not long enough to get monotome)Summary: Great+Art style, visualsGame mechanicsGameplayCollectablesLenght-ReplayabilityNo co-op"
,Recommended,323320,14533738,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Cabô A Cachaça,Utterly charming.
,Recommended,323320,14534063,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rucyn,An interesting game I would call more experimental than a full game.  The controls feel a bit wierd and the gameplay will last you maybe 2-3 hours.  Unless you want to do all the extra stuff and 100% complete it.  I feel like they can expand on the concept of procedurally generated terrain and create a remarkable game.  I would say this is a $5 game at most.
76561198030426725,Recommended,323320,14534083,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dickie Galoot,This is a really great game if you love growing weed and getting high.
,Recommended,323320,14509348,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,‡kicsieszký‡,"Not since GTA V released on PS3 have I fallen so quickly and so deepely in love with a game. Simple concepts like this sould be explored more because sometimes true gems like this game can emerge. The goal of the game exactly lines up with what you naturally want to do, explore such a beautiful (and quite large) game world. With this game, completion is just a by-product of playing the game and finding everything that this game has to offer. 10/10 Would whole heartedly recommend to anyone looking for a nice casual game to just let go in :)."
76561198028261852,Recommended,323320,14509405,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,The Gray,"Reminded me of my sense of wonder. A well-made package that I cannot equate to anything with a similar background.There are no boundaries within the shore-line, and above that is all fair game within a ridiculously large radius from the starting point. The objective is incredibly simple, but requires time and effort to achieve. Everything you manipulate is free-form, so the world is a tightly constructed skeleton to the explorational options you can experiment with. There are practical unlockables that help you reach your objectives over time. Quite a few surprises even.These things all matter to a certain kind of people though: The people who want to discover. There is no battle to be won, no story to elaborate, or even a huge variety of different items to collect. Useful flora; interesting fauna; a couple of kinds of scattered, but greatly enticing, collectables; and a really big plant to grow home with, unique to you.Big Pros:-Style, graphically and mechanically.-Wonder that doesn't wear thin until the very end.-Everything does what you tell it to, never have I blamed a mistake on the game.-Very simple controls that handle like a dream.Cons:-Procedural animation that gets janky with it, most of the time it is funny anyway.-The only thing left to chance is the once-in-a-blue-moon leaf falling beneath your feet.-So few things we can play are so inspired like this.-Gets a bit ruined if you watch other people play it first.3/3 would give to everyone I know if they even hinted at asking for it."
,Recommended,323320,14509913,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,windex,A sheep pushed my seed into the ocean
76561198010149108,Recommended,323320,14510168,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,hayleymitrano,This is such an awesomely cute amazing wonderful adventurey awesome game. $8.00 on steam and totally worth it!!
76561198094553949,Recommended,323320,14637880,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,johnny breeco,one of my favorite games of all time
76561198146650376,Recommended,323320,18252784,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,aripley129,"Definitely one of my best games on here. My play time so far includes completing(for the most part) The first/main game mode, but I will now continue hanging around in the level to hunt achievements. If you like pulling up your steam overlay and working towards them one at a time, you will ever get bored. I would pay double the price, but I have weird taste."
,Recommended,323320,14495939,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Avelos,"PROS:- Colourful- Very fun- Easy on the eyes- Easy controls even with keyboard and mouse- Did not launch with literally thousands of bugs- Playable on day one- EYEFINITY AND SURROUND SUPPORT (!!!)- Literally shape the vertical world to your desires. WEBS OF VINES, EVERYWHERE!DON'T NEED:- A stupidly high end computer to play it,- To be connected online at all times,- Or a Uplay account.CONS:- Controls can be hella frustrating on the rare occasion- Camera can be a pain at timesOTHER THOUGHTS:- Only game that plays this good on release"
,Recommended,323320,18687800,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Basterisk,This game really hits (Grow) Home.
76561198053971439,Recommended,323320,18659577,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,gtd451,really charming and addictive while at the same time very casual.
76561198028615865,Not Recommended,323320,18650887,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,it's bad
76561198209697992,Recommended,323320,18067227,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Moshi,"really enjoyed this game and if you happen to own an ips screen and a high end machine it runs like butter 100+fps and the colors are amazing, pretty much completed but i still enjoyed coming back this game could use an expansion."
,Recommended,323320,18061551,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,R3flexor,It's a really nice game if you just want to chill ^^
,Recommended,323320,18075221,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Strangely_Sexy_Spiderman,"Good game, very relaxing, but I've stumbled upon a bug.Any time I load a game, I cannot leave the teleporter. I cannot move at all. I just hover in the teleporter. I've reloaded the game, reopened my save, nothing changes. All the time I've spent is now wasted, and I'll never finish the game.Other people don't appear to have this issue, though, so maybe it's just me?"
,Recommended,323320,18079442,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Slayve,"This is a great little game. It only takes 3-4 hours to complete (more if you go for 100% completion), but it's equal parts adorable and clever, and it leaves you wanting more. It takes a little while to get used to the unusual control scheme, and after a couple of hours my hands hurt; but the controls fit the game so well that I'm not sure there's any other way they could have done it. I recommend playing this game with headphones on so you can hear the great soundscape. I also recommend taking some time now and then to admire the view, it can be very impressive. And don't forget to click down on the right stick to pull the camera back, the different perspective can be a life saver."
76561198220190931,Not Recommended,323320,18702703,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,elfassassin154,i bought this game 7.99 dsollars and it glitches and i cant play because everything is invisible or completely black please fix this
76561198103192710,Recommended,323320,18671835,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Joadow2,It can be a bit repetitive but it is really awesomeWaiting for more levels or a sequel97/100
,Recommended,323320,14508823,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Zozzle,"it took 2 hours to beat, completing the game took 410/10 ign"
76561198053543163,Recommended,323320,15423709,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Rikka,I ain't gonna lie; I had the time of my life playing this game. I just love everything about this game to the very last detail - that's all I have to say.~
,Recommended,323320,14868588,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,dwarfdew,Grow home is so Good I love this so so much this is such a amizing game this is vertully perfect with grate sound and graphics I whole hurtedly  recommend this I'm not going to spiol it but take it from me it's amizing
,Recommended,323320,14873327,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Rosetta Laine,An Amazing Beautiful game worth the $7.99 in my opinion if you like adventuring an love finding new things then this game would be great for you. 9.5/10 only because there is no more than one world.
,Recommended,323320,14967846,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Wrath of Tron,"The most fun and awkward case of vertigo you're likely to experience.Nice to see a Ubisoft logo attached to something genuinely fun and original.  The physics to the game are gawky as it gets and it wasn't until I sprawled a massive city of vines and stalks did I realized that I actually have control over the plant growth.  The controls were incredibly wonky, but honestly it just added to the charm to watch little BUD tumble and roll around like a like a newborn on PCP.Only gripe I have is the fixed camera setup was pretty annoying when I was navigating some of my crazier plant growth.  I managed to find my way back to MOM pretty quickly and complete the main mission of the game, but along with a ton of achievements there's a secondary mission to keep you exploring.  Honestly the most satisfying part of the game is looking down from above and seeing the mess I created below.Totally recommend this!"
,Recommended,323320,14963836,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Baxe (CyberMark),"A great game by small developer in Ubisoft made with Unity, who would had known?!Anyway the game is great with procedually generated animations, including from your character, enviorment and fauna.The game is short, but it doesnt mean it is bad, there are tons of stuff to discover, explore and experiment with beside your main objective, like collectibles and puzzles.The graphics whilethey might look cubic and jagged, works on the game´s favour, since when you get ""the plant"" big enough this simplistic yet absolutly gourgeos graphics will come in handy since there will be so many sprouts and tiny things on screen that otherwise the frames per second would drop otherwise.Is remarkable also the knowlage used in this game, while it might seem simple, the interactions arent, and the places where you find stuff are a riddle in itself and a puzzle to get them back into the telepads.Sound wise is amzing, it haves an ambient music so calming, liesure like, making you feel you have all the time in the world and you can do whatever you want at your own pace. Is also remarkable to say that EVERYTHING haves its sound queue, like the DoDo birds, the crystals have a certain jingle, the trees sound like bells at times and much more.The experience itself feels like when you start exploring the world when you are a kid, and for myself I would consider this the Legend of Zelda of the new generation.A completely new classic have been born, and it can Grow Home.11/10 Must Own"
,Recommended,323320,15383733,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Jso7474,Awesome basic game about 4 hours of game play and it would greatly benift from multiplayer
,Recommended,323320,15407772,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Gameboo,"Figured I should write a better review after playing the game through 100%.  This game is fantastic and is best described as a great big breath of fresh of air. It really reminds me of a nintendo game with how unique it is. In fact I bet they got inspiration from Mario Galaxy's Gusty Garden level, but that's beside the point.If you're looking for a really fun game with interesting and unique gameplay, look no further. There were a few moments of frustration but it honestly didn't subtract from the overall experience. I can safely say this was one of my best purchases on steam.Hope to see a sequel! Just make B.U.D. control a little less buttery next time, heheh."
76561198041382194,Recommended,323320,15495291,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kona,"Im just going to start by saying this game is why I play games.The gameplay in this is just so fun, and exploring the world searching for its hidden secrets is such a blast.Growing the Star Plant to its entirety is very easy, the real game starts when it has been grow.Hunting for all its achivements is fun and rewarding and is so much fun that I will most definatly replay this in the future.There are no con's to this wonderful little game.at 8 dollars it is a steal, on sale it is a no brainer to give this game a go.10/10"
76561198006180020,Recommended,323320,15509098,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,gaidenperez,i have 100 so i can fiy
,Recommended,323320,15309390,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,jogobom,A wonderful little thing that takes a surprisingly long time to finish if you want to do everything.
,Recommended,323320,15302131,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Psychonaught,"This ia a very fun, very very addictive little game that i fell in love with in around 2 minutes. this game is highly recommended. 10+/10"
,Recommended,323320,15305360,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,JammySplodge,"I can find nothing wrong with this game10/10 absolutely amazing, looks beautiful, handles well, lots to do, why are yoi still reading this... JUST BUY THIS GAME ALREADY!"
76561198034108532,Recommended,323320,15288910,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Chris the Clown,"Grow Home is a pretty neat game with a simple goal. Collect stuff to get to your ship. Its fun, relaxing, and a good time sink for a few hours. Nothing is really flat out wrong with Grow Home but there is one thing that could add a whole new element to Grow Home.  Co-op. Co-op in Grow Home, even local only, would add a nice touch to the game because of its rather large world and exportability. Other than that there is really nothing to say about Grow Home without spoiling it."
,Recommended,323320,15254969,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,demonsub,"Grow home, a really fun game in which you have to grow a plant up to orbit and find loads of hidden stuff. I wish there were more games like this."
76561198071666195,Recommended,323320,15266561,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Fish In A Top Hat,Amazing Game! Played it for hours.
76561198132334155,Recommended,323320,15271607,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,zmil1334,"Like a cup of tea, a very relaxing game of a robot trying to achieve greatness."
76561198112473772,Recommended,323320,15184720,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kitcat2467,I love
76561198085257827,Recommended,323320,15186752,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kyler9437,"This game is fantastic. If you want a game with only one goal and the rest is to just explore, then this is 100% for you."
76561197963908835,Recommended,323320,15260117,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Cronstintein,"Excellent bite-sized game, properly priced.  Support ubisoft actually doing something right ;)"
,Recommended,323320,15189870,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Wolfwood,"Relaxing, cheap, and fun."
76561198081601009,Recommended,323320,15191618,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Alex,Its one of the best games i played but its  so short. Maybe you can play thsi game 3 or 2 hours and the last quest is boring. Thanks for updating new levels. ;)
76561198072560273,Recommended,323320,15116557,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,PrimeYeti,"This review was about the lack of autosave and me being really angry and I didn't reccomend this game, one of the developers cleared up the autosave and why the game can't autosave because it would stall gameplay for a second. Since this has been cleared up I would like to reccomend this game because it is beautiful and fun and shows that games don't have to include violence to be great, I would love to see features such as multiplayer, or travelling to a different world after you finished the first one or even a more indepth story. This is a great game, it's cheap and I think everyone should buy it."
,Recommended,323320,14485661,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,The Dapper Allosaur,"In This Game You Play As The Adorable Little Robot Named B.U.D (Botanical Utility Droid), Sent On A Mission To Save His Home Planet By Using Glowing Rocky Things To Grow A Large Plant Called A Star Plant (it looks like a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Back To Your SpaceShip.I LOVE This Game And Is One Of My Faveourites. The Physics Are Hilarious, The Graphics Are Cute, The Controls Are Great And The Gameplay Is Impecible!I Would Recommend This Game To Anybody And Even If You Complete The Game + Side-Quests You Can Still Mess Around In The World!10/10 Would Grow Plants Using Green Glowy Rocks Again"
,Recommended,323320,15179056,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,lolfish,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is tight afSo relaxing, no combat but still takes skill to climb around and grow that bigass plant 9/10 wud fug"
76561198112161052,Recommended,323320,16015642,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,McNugg3ts,Its not good or not bad it is ok but ubisoft you can do better i have played many of your great games on my consoles
76561197981477691,Recommended,323320,15974210,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,'T'aRs 'T'aRkas,"Best game I played in Y E A R S !!!Congrats to the developers - what a brilliant idea, artistic realization and execution!Thank you very very much for this game!NEED MORE or Grow Home 2Thank You"
76561198221858784,Not Recommended,323320,15974249,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,redtailed,it lags out so bad it took an hour at the intro and afterwaiting 3 hours i finally got to where i could move i could barley see and it took 15 minutes just to finally change screen and i wanted this game so bad i am in tears
76561198081991972,Recommended,323320,16045453,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,DaughterofProspero,This game is a gift to humankind.
76561197964539941,Recommended,323320,16049848,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,RabidWarHound,"Too much fun! Bugs and all. first playthrough 83 minutes, felt like no time at all."
,Recommended,323320,16057922,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Hyora,By far the best Assassin's Creed!
,Recommended,323320,16006499,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,NegaMan,"Awesome game, helped me out of a bad place.The world need more games like this.I do wish it was longer though."
,Recommended,323320,16256900,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Omniraptor,"Delightful game, Aesthetically very pretty with the low-poly solid-color look. Mechanically solid with a climbing system, fun process of growing the beanstalk, and you get to fly around in a hang glider. Absolutely recommended."
76561197987350790,Recommended,323320,16248223,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,JoeProgram,"So much fun, and really unique!- Ride a growing vine upside down!- Skydive with a sheep!- Get caught by a venus flytrap, then go back and pick up your own robot head!"
76561198044558823,Recommended,323320,16237270,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ogmail,What a gem of a game. 10/10
,Recommended,323320,16145811,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Phantom,"I don't really know what my goal is, moving is hard, but it a really cute game that really need improving."
76561198051359331,Recommended,323320,16147018,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,NaCl,"Sky dived with a bull into the ocean, falling past a giant plant that I my self grew, dressed as a ninja, with an unlimited jetpack11/10 would garden again"
76561198088508541,Recommended,323320,16484239,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,OctarineGlow,"Absolutely Fantastic. If you have the money, buy it and see for yourself."
76561198023771396,Recommended,323320,16485107,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,123,A very amusing little game that is well worth the very small price tag. Even if you only play it for a couple hours if you feel like you didn't get your money's worth then you've got something broken on the inside or a very stereotypical line of jokes applies directly to you.
,Recommended,323320,16485992,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BigStin,A short but great little game. Pick it up when it's on sale.
76561198156060555,Not Recommended,323320,16781277,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Ututat,Drunk robot simulator 2015
,Recommended,323320,17623317,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Steve,where the ♥♥♥♥ is the 100th crystal?
76561198090424833,Recommended,323320,17623893,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Kool-Aid Man,Pretty fun and a nice stress reliever
76561198042367892,Recommended,323320,17634127,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Werm,"This isn't a game about having a dramatic storyline, even though saving the Earth is involved.  This isn't a game about some kind of grand adventure, no.  This is a game about boundless freedom and exploration in a surprisingly detailed and beautiful world, with the ability to go anywhere and do anything, shaping it as you go.  This is the kind of game that you can just jump into and have fun, regardless of whether you want to find something new in the back of some cave, or just go hang-gliding, which is by far my favorite feature, by the way.  I whole-heartedly reccommend it if you've got eight dollars and you're looking for a few hours of joy."
,Recommended,323320,17634725,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ScienceBang,"A beautiful open world exploration game, all the time I spent put into this game was well worth it. There wasnt a single part of the map which you couldnt explore and search. Out of any game I have played in the past, this game most effectivley uses vertical exploration the best. Since I have 100%ed this game I have been searching and searching for something to fill the void of this game. The controls are amazingly intuitive. All missions in game are ever so satisfying to complete. Please, Reflections studio, please create a sequel, super DLC pack, or spiritual successor to this game for PC, it is one of my all time favourites. Buy this game right now."
,Recommended,323320,14364245,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,TristenHD,This is a really cool and fun game! This awesome game is worth buying! Its kind of a game where you can go adventure and have fun while your doing it. So what are you waiting for?! The Game is worth buying!! Go Buy The game And Just Have Fun!! :P
76561198170187289,Recommended,323320,17621987,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Right Traingle Trig,"Very fun, and interesting idea brought by a small Ubisoft studio. It has the indie-type quality of it having a gameplay featuer and building the game around that small idea. In this its climing. You climb by controlling B.U.D's hands wiht the mouse buttons, and you can climb around on anything. Its a beatiful game and worth the money. The only problem I have is if I fullscreen the game, after a few minutes it crashes. Not just the game. My whole COMPUTER crashes, and I have to reboot it. But I'm sure its just a glitch with Windows 10 that will get fixed soon."
,Recommended,323320,14753530,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Whoisdeucefold,"Playing this game is kick♥♥♥♥♥  It is beautiful and it even runs smoothly on my laptop, I absolutely love this game!"
,Recommended,323320,14754248,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,PYROMANT|C,Grow Home is a delightful platform puzzler with gorgeous minimalistic graphics and a fresh set of puzzle mechanics that make it a joy to play. If you’re like me and play games to completion then the asking price might be a bit rich for the 2ish hours of game play it delivers but there’s certainly a lot more to Grow Home than just getting your hands on the star seed. That being said I still really enjoyed my time with Grow Home as it’s so far away from everything else I’ve played recently. If you enjoy a good puzzle game then you can’t go past Grow Home.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2015/03/06/grow-home-lets-get-waaaay-up-there-bud/
,Recommended,323320,14739225,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Joe cs.money,good af
,Recommended,323320,14740892,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Lil Mavvericc,"An amazing game that is beautiful in every way. I never touched this game at first but when I finally did, I couldn't stop. You look at a game like this and think there probably won't be any type of ""rush"" but there really is. I seriously recommend anyone who is reading this to buy this game and keep playing it, recommend it to all your friends, and just hope for a sequel because unlike most indie games, this one deserves it. All I can say is BRAVO to the developers and a big thanks to the publishers. Thank you for the experience.This game is rated 10/10. Out of 25? 25/25. It's an amazing game and that's all there is to say."
76561198131833539,Recommended,323320,14743775,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Jacob,"I have not stopped playing this game since I bought it, although there is only 1 level at the moment, this game is filled with content and is now one of my personal top 5 favorite games on steam. I highly recommend this amazing game 10/10 from me this is a perfect game and look forward to the possible updates  the devs add.The game is relaxing, fun, and creative. This shows what a giant game company (Ubisoft) can do."
76561197964165987,Recommended,323320,14746116,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,joschi,"very fun game, but to short... it toke a while to get use to the controlls and now i am finished... worth a buy anyway :) hopefully there will be an dlc or a second game..."
76561198079318421,Recommended,323320,14737450,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,revolutionsperminute,"Great game, fun movement physics, calm, cheery atmosphere. 8/10"
,Recommended,323320,15993060,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ya Boi Matt,"This game, man..This game is astonishing, not a single other word can describe it.The atmosphere of it, the music, the art style, the minimalistic plot, all of it coming together to from a wonderful Indie themed gem.The moment you finally get that Star plant to the top is one of my favourite moments in gaming to date.I can't put this game into words other than to say, ""stop reading the reviews, scroll up and click 'Add to Cart'."""
76561198108776578,Recommended,323320,15994419,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ja-Ke,A very subtle very floaty platformer/free roam game its a nice experience and what it lacks in story it makes up for in presentation graphics and amazing lighting. While the gameplay can get hard to control at times the controls are very forgiving. Overall I give this game a 7.8/10
,Recommended,323320,15986013,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Perse spits mad fire,"Wow...A game involving Ubisoft that doesn't make me want to run away screaming from my computer as I leave the hard drive to slowly rot. Grow h=Home is a simple game, with (sort of) one objective, grow a plant to 2KM. After that there are a few side objectives, but they don't really matter. The controls of Grow Home fit the game well and B.U.D just looks plain cute. I managed to 100% the game in 4 hours, but those 4 hours were well worth the small price for the game. Just buy the game, it's amazing. And please developers...Make a sequel, hell even DLC for a new world will do..."
76561198073124079,Recommended,323320,16068898,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Akuma,This game is Great but its soooo short ive finished colleced most of the crystals in 2 hours this game should be in early access for the lack of gameplay it has if your looking for something short and fun to waste your time buy this if you want a full on game then stay away
76561198220207896,Recommended,323320,16086974,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,MrTinyFace,This is without a doubt the most relaxing game I have ever experienced. So peaceful. I think I peed myself from the total lack of any tension in my body. I can't even stand up I'm so relaxed. Send help.
,Recommended,323320,16113709,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,joel,"Fun little game.Rock-climbing meets sky-diving meets Platformer meets exploration.Could do with a bit more length, but what is there is solid and fun."
76561198022308103,Recommended,323320,14383540,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SlimeDragon,not that much content and would be better with workshop but it is just released and would be better with time. Otherwise for the price it is a must buy for a 3-6 hr experience of joy!
,Recommended,323320,14335497,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Robin E,"This is a exploration focused game, so if you are looking for stages and platforming challenges it might not be the game for you. But if you miss the old N64 platformers (by that I mean the sense of exploring and collecting) then this game might be something to fill that void. You can beat this game relatively quickly if you only focus on the main goal. But the game awards exploration and the game is meant to be played like that. Collecting gems will grant you more mobility to your character, so I highly recommend you to collect some of them for a more pleasant experience. It´s not a master piece but it did surprise me for how expansive it could be."
,Recommended,323320,14384698,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dr. Pyser,"It can be hard to find a videogame created by a small team with such a large scale and sense of wonder. It can be even harder when the publisher pumps it out under the radar without expecting a rubbish product. However these guys did their homework and then some by taking bits and pieces of inspiration from QWOP, Mario Galaxy, Wind Waker, and even Pilotwings.BUD is a robot sent down to a planet to investigate the capability of bringing seeds back to a dying Earth. BUD is also able to climb up mountains and cavern rooftops with each trigger on the control pad dictating whether he clings on/lets go with either the right or left hand. Along the way he can ""unlock"" benefits to help him complete his mission. Each unlock boosts BUD with something simple at first such as a better camera zoom-out and a small rocket boost during a jump or freefall. Eventually you get longer bursts, more direct movement, with the last unlock being unlimited rocket boost power. While on his mission, BUD will climb higher and higher in to the sky facilitating the need for every bit of power he can get.I feel that this game has accomplished what any platformer should be setting out to do - make the player feel okay with the basics of character movement, but by the end of it have that player be pulling off manoeuvres that would have made them blush at the beginning. It's funny to notice that even after an hour or so the apprehension of falling off a floating island in the sky or climbing vertically up a cliffside slow and easy had all but disappeared. Instead BUD was flinging himself off ledges with abandon, using a giant leaf to air glide around the world, and climbing mountains with his claws like Wolverine on steroids.At 3-4hrs in length in order to complete both the main mission as well as the end-game bonus mission, it still feels like I got my money's worth because the experience was so grand that I would love to wipe my memory of the game and do it all over again."
,Recommended,323320,14385051,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,-BloOm-,"For all i know this is one of the most fun and inovative games from ubisoft in a while.The controls, although feeling a bit clunky at first, are a blast once you get used to it.This game feels fresh and light. A perfect short adventure to play between your beloved AAA titles."
,Recommended,323320,14385193,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,liminal18,"As mechanics go Grow Home has at it's core a fairly boring one: you grapple rocks and climb with the right and left triggers. This ambient intro though fails to capture the grandeur of riding bean stalks into the sky or the consistent tension between getting there and falling. In other words it should have introduced the grapple sequence and then have you do some clambering with vertigo inducing tendencies early. Regardless if you stick with it it has a lot of ideas. It's kinda like a n64 game that somehow never made it out during the Banjo-Kazooie period. The game is about exploration. See that floating island over there? if you can manage to stay you can grow a few buds out into branches and make it over there. Then there is the island's challenge for whatever goodie it holds. Grow Home is short. I'd estimate 3-5 hours and maybe 6 for all the trophies. It feels like a student project, it has little blemishes, cameras that wonk out or animations that seem buggy. It's the type of thing you might download from a kickstarter campaign, but that said it's also a proof of concept worth owning. So few 3D platformers dot the landscape of games these days and one with the precision and know how of this one much less with mechanical inventions that are way off the beaten track are far and few between, but even if Grow Home had met the n64 deadline it would have been a sleep like Space Station Silicon Valley. It's a unique game and the curious must play it there is nothing like reaching that flower in space and looking down on the patchwork of vines and branches that you conjured to get up there, however it lacks mechanics that invigorate the way Mario did or the insanity of Psychonauts it's much more of an ambient experience. Still I'm tempting to go back just to try some of the challenges that make up it's achievements. Grow Home is one of those game that's a trip, less a new genre more something that's design that will make you think differently about the nature of platform games. Well done Reflections =)"
,Recommended,323320,14663915,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Powerboy,"Grow home is beautiful and almost meditative. You have a peaceful and fairly dense world to climb and explore. There is a sense of adventure and learning within the game that makes it so engaging. There is also some very interesting communication within the game, you recieve messages from M.O.M. that can be sweet, funny, or kind of creepy. It looks and plays wonderfully, i cant recommend it enough."
,Recommended,323320,14764188,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tasty™,it's such a cool little game to play and chill.watch!-----https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fHeX-rWdM4
,Recommended,323320,14772896,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,DIGIRICE,"i urge you to give this game a chance, it has a beautiful art style and it is really refreshing to play. the only bug i can report is the weird green worm things i found in a cave :)"
76561198140418147,Recommended,323320,14777640,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ogl,What a great fun little game. Really enjoyed playing this and i would 100% recommend it!
,Recommended,323320,14761802,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Stockholm: Swagatar,"Q-Review Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2MhQeLYPps&list=PLvbGNAhXAazg1_6iWMlYdwDysVa7vZWOa&index=3+Fun, interesting platformer+Simple story and objective+Beautiful, jagged graphics+Cute sound design and smooth music+Easy controls, controller use and enveloping level design+Lay back and easy exploration-Some crystals are a bit of a pain to find-Controls can be a little slippery-Quite short"
76561198087685539,Recommended,323320,14810943,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Boston_Fan_03,"Beautiful,simple,cute,epic!And many more adjectives!This game is really good!"
76561198122607337,Recommended,323320,14813248,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,LordOfTheDomain,It's AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,323320,14816194,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Frootsy Collins,"This is a fantastic little game. It only takes about two hours to beat, but it's a wonderful two hours. The climbing mechanic is very intuitive and fun (though hard on the fingers after awhile) and gliding along thousands of feet above the ground from vine to vine is full of whimsy."
,Recommended,323320,14724319,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dr ScienceLobster MD-PhD BSc LLB,"I've just completed ""it""... ill get to that... what ""it"" actually is.First, id like to start by congratulating Ubisoft for the first time since Rayman Origins, this is what happens when you set a small group of passionate people loose to run wild. Leashes and chains never produce great work.Fundamentally ""it"" is a 3D platformer, a genre that doesn't seem to get enough attention as of late. Usually when i hear of a modern 3D platformer, I think of rehashed Mario games and terrible animated film tie-ins, Your choice is Nintendo or bust. Then comes along Grow Home, RKOing outtanowhere, when you find a video for the first time (Yes Ubisoft, ON YOUTUBE, you know, where you get truck loads of advertising for minimal cost, kinda feels like no one has told you triple A lot yet) ""it"" looks janky, the animations are odd but... the coloursStarting to look almost fun, this little poorly animated stick robot runs about clinging on to walls and abusing physics;""So now he's riding a plant?! alright... grab my wallet""""It"" does not disappoint.The Central Mechanic is arguably simplicity. Using a controller: right/left sticks move/look,  jump on A, item on Y, non-pause menu selecting on X, pretty average and simple. Now we have the shoulder buttons, Hand right on RT and RB, hand left on LT and LB, with this you can grab on to almost any surface or object, simple.After a little time with ""it"" you begin to realize the possibilities created by hand control, exploring its uses in a variety of ways, you discover this simple 3D platformer is actually a rich 3rd person free running/climbing/falling adventure, it's unbelievable. You can wall run, then learn to use one arm to grab and pendulum yourself upwards a little, put them together and you'll be running horizontal along steep cliffs faster than you could ever climb across, that just one example. You can flip in the air, you can control flight with your jetpack, you can jump climb. 9 hours in and I'm still learning new things regularly, all with one simple control scheme and one simple little robot on one simple little mission. But Ill move on to other things as i would not want to spoil the exploration part of ""it""Graphically its simple, until seen in action. Blocky objects, blocky terrain, blocky robot, blocky chickens, everything is pointy, bright, colourful and made of triangles, its all very Vectrex (give yourself a medal for getting that one,) bad lighting, bad shading, it goes on. But taking a step back suddenly it all fits, it looks... f*ck, ""it"" looks good! Plants sway and ping around when grabbed,  B.U.D, our little simpleton robot is animated on the fly. Legs dangling, arms flailing madness, he is adorable. The faint glow and hum of collectables is both useful and beautiful. Simple to no soundtrack, a static feed back loop, crashing rocks, grabbing hands and the occasional animal noise is all your ears have for company ... ""it"" is gorgeous in its simplicity.Then there's the giant plant, vine slowly ascending. this plant is the reason i use the term ""it"", because ""It"" isn't quite a game. ""It"" is a masterpiece begging for our own personal signatures.See you all 20 kilometers up"
,Recommended,323320,14727165,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BinarySemaphore,Simple stylish and loads of fun.Anybody can pick this up and have a great time.Give it a chance and it will most likely win you over within the first 10 minutes.For its price and single planet/area it is definitely worth it.I hope to see more of this in the future.
,Recommended,323320,15105638,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,whomst'd've,"A great little game filled with hours of exploration. The graphics are decent and the physics and gameplay is also very good. I think the only downside, is that there's not Steam workshop support. Overall I rate this game 8/10"
,Recommended,323320,14342298,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Tito,Imagine I Am Bread meets Wall-E in a very nicely paced vertical adventure through the nature of an undiscovered place. Very fun and relaxing. Super Duper recomended.
,Recommended,323320,14342648,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Tity Boi,I feel like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for paying 10$.. this game deserves more money for it's unique style of gameplay i wish to see more games like this in the futur 10/10 ♥ it
,Recommended,323320,14343631,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Corkeinator,"Fantastic short calm colourful platformer. It will take just under two hours to complete, but its worth your time, no enemies just you in a world full of colour growing a giant beanstalk your well. Robot is a little drunk as well."
76561198080191366,Recommended,323320,14343632,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,NotThatFunny89,"Still gotta find all the seeds, and the last 30 crystals I need for the final upgrade, but I had so much fun playing this!! Only thing is that I wish it was a little longer...hope there's a sequel to fix that :D"
,Recommended,323320,14344107,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,RACERBOY,"Do you like climbing stuff, falling, and dying?Do you like looking like a red square-y version of Clank?Do you like drowning sheep?Do you like the weird buggyness a near-ragdoll body?Do you like riding plants like a dragon?If you answered no to all of these questions, then screw off.HOWEVER, if you answered yes to any of these, then this is the game for you!"
76561197992400866,Recommended,323320,14344168,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Chernoble,Great little game. Lovely to look at and play.
,Recommended,323320,14345340,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Dark Voltage,A Very Nice Game To Play 10/10
,Recommended,323320,15159099,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,yonatan.gilad1,fun game. worth the money but ends to fast7 out of 10
,Recommended,323320,15162222,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Cubic,GGDS 2015.................Giant Green♥♥♥♥♥♥Simulater 2015
,Recommended,323320,15164824,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Valrion,Simple concept; Fun game.You grow a star plant by taking the ends of its vine structures and planting them into nearby floating islands with a couple tools to aid you in how you move around.I personally wIsh it was longer though. I beat this game within 3 hours time which im unsure if worth $8  (It actually went down in price from when I bought it. )
76561198056654169,Recommended,323320,15234177,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Byno Shadow,This game is such a breath of fresh air and a potential new direction for future Ubisoft titles. Basic platformer/action adventure game with a strong collectable backbone and plenty of cuteness! Can't recommend this game enough. Seriously.
,Recommended,323320,15452600,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Longtail,This is a great game! Its cartoony and is a great break from the dark or shooter atmosphere of most games. Its very simplistic but makes up for the lack of objectives with a short but interesting plot and lots of fun! Its pretty short and can be beaten in a day but there is so much to do and explore that you'll be playing long after you comeplete the game. Its a wonderful breath of fresh air and is a great game considering its only 7.99.
,Recommended,323320,15454919,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Dragonbanana1,Grow home has the charm of an indie game and because it was made by ubisoft it is also very polished it mixes well to make a really fun and relaxing experience.
,Recommended,323320,15456826,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Lightning Blitz,"Really cool game. Very laid back, just explore and make your own fun. I love that a Ubisoft studio made this, it's great and I think I'm not alone in saying we would love to see more of this.The mechanics are tight and satisfying, the visuals are gorgeous, , the characters are charming - it's just all around a great time. Definitely recommend, definitely support this game if you want to see more cool experimental stuff coming out from Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,323320,16349176,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Back On My Bullshit-onion,Rescued a sheepfound a dodo birdjumped off a cliff with said dodo birdteleported me and dodo back to the topthrew dodo off cliff and went back to getting blue crystals10/10 would recommend if you like cute little platformers!
,Recommended,323320,16355883,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mattomatic,"Rating = 3.5/5My opinion of this game?In one word?Amusing.In many?Well on the one hand, I really enjoy the exploration aspect of the game, the amount of diverse plants availible and the smooth climbing.On the other hand, there are times when the climb seems endless and can be dull.Overall, I'd say give this game a chance."
76561198101022505,Recommended,323320,16191313,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TORPEDO,Cool little game by Ubisoft
,Recommended,323320,14683346,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Captain Peanut,"Pure and simple entertainment.  Very short, even considering the optional scanning side mission and the achievements, but addicting and enjoyable.  I couldn't help but think of the old Jack and the Beanstalk fairy tale, and the bright colors and simple design were very charming to me.  I'd love to see what this group makes next, and I feel the $8 was well worth it."
,Recommended,323320,14684690,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tophats,fantastic game!only complaint is depth is a little difficult. sometime when i jump i miss the plant because it seems as if it is several meters away.
,Recommended,323320,14686319,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,alaskan bull worm,"Very fun and relaxing game, I wish it had more content though, hopefully new content patch will come out soon!"
,Recommended,323320,14675113,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,j0ny_brav0,A good and simple game.A controller is definitely reccommended.It's a Ubisoft game BUT it doesn't use UPlay!
76561198011818152,Recommended,323320,14675965,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,TheHappyCheese,It felt like finding the last crystal in spyro 2. It really did. I wanted to cry.I reccomend this game very much... no... I stipulate this game. You must play it.
,Recommended,323320,14676250,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,EL BURRITO GRANDE,"There is something about this game that just oozes charm. Maybe it's the beautiful setting, maybe it's just the cuteness of B.U.D..Te game play feels really nice. The climbing mechanics are tight and intuitive and the movement has a special feel due to the way momentum is used.Rather short but still I'd recommend this game to anyone"
76561197961689879,Recommended,323320,14677194,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mr P Originale,"Fantastic game. Simple yet fun and addictive. Controls can be fiddly at first but once you realise you dont have to sprint everywhere, you can control BUD fine :) Also has a neat little flying mechanic which adds to the game nicely and saved my butt many a time. Only issues being i have had a couple of bugs with the collision in the plant you grow, and maybe, just maybe it could be on the short side. But for 6 quid, im happy."
76561197968319411,Recommended,323320,14679517,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,chazdraves,"In ten hours of gameplay, I've beaten this game 3 times. I've found everything, unlocked all the skins, completed all of the sidequests. And yet, I feel quite contented with my purchase!Grow Home is a charming game in my opinion. The character is unusually clumbsy, silent, and mostly likable. Movement is an unexpected challenge because you're given the freedom to literally go anywhere you want - and yet getting BUD to move in the right direction at the right time can be stressful. He bumbles and fumbles and sometimes falls over completely. With a little practice, however, he is more than capable for the task ahead. In fact, I found a certain satisfaction in learning and discovering more advanced movement combinations and shortcuts - your mileage may vary.The game is short, as stated before - and there's no getting away from that. In my first playthrough I completed everything in the game within 4 hours. Subsequent playthroughs have been accomplished within an hour if you skip the ""fluff"". Even still, I find myself going back for more. The new skins that you unlock are useable on further playthroughs and make an appreciable difference in the way the game plays out while adding some visual variety. Moreover, the world is just an enjoyable place to explore.Graphically, there's little worry about performance and very few options to change. You're given the choice of VSync, Fullscreen, and ""Quality"". That's it. The game does not support AA in any form without adding a launch command to run the game in DirectX 11 (runs natively in 9). Also, there's no AF because there are no textures... Let that sink in for a minute...The long-short: if you want to support a creative team and you enjoy games where the objective and reward is in the exploration and journey, you'll likely really enjoy Grow Home. At $7.99, I think the price is reasonable for the hours of entertainment it has provided me. Hats off to Ubisoft for an enjoyable title without all of the issues some of their more recent releases have had."
,Recommended,323320,14659077,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TrippyDaze,"Short Review:Climbing/Plant Growing simulator 201510/10 would crash from orbit again.Long Review:First, it is in my opinion that games such as these belong in schools. It is not educational, yet it teaches. Creativity. I remember back when I first played Spore, thinking this same thing. It belongs in the hands of our educators who can guide our young generation in to thinking outside of the box.Grow Home is a fantastic side project 3D platformer by a few devs from Ubisoft. I don't feel the need to discuss the premise of the game, as the trailers do a fine job of that already. Instead I will discuss how the game plays.When you first get in to the world, you notice the controls are a little clunky. You move around like a drunken robot, your legs have trouble keeping up with the rest of your body and so they hilariously get too far ahead or behind, causing you to tumble in hilarious ways. This is great and all...when you are on the ground. Not so great when you are 1500m up. You will learn to compensate for this.There is definitely a learning curve when it comes to the climbing aspect. You will fall. A lot. The independent Left/Right controls for each hand is great. At first it seems clunky, almost aggravating. Then as time progresses and you have made it up your plant somewhat, you suddenly notice you are climbing a bit better. Smoother. You can get around with minimal errors (jump-climb...hint,hint). You begin to realize the freedom this Left/Right independent control offers you, and wonder how other games that involve climbing do not adopt this method. How have we gotten by thus far without it?It is important to note that while there is a 'goal' to the game by getting your plant to grow as high up as possible, that this encompasses probably 10% of the game. The rest of the 90% is discovering all the hidden caves and nooks & crannies, picking up seeds and crystals that enhance your abilities, and ultimately how creative you, the player can get while growing your plant. Spiral, corkscrew, make a safety net (very helpful while still in the learning curve), or just grow a separate branch from the main stalk from the bottom, all the way up to space!This game is only limited by how far your imagination goes.On one of the splash screens it does say a controller is recommended. I could not get my controller to work with this game, but I got by just fine with keyboard and mouse.Do yourself a favor and do not miss out on this little gem. It's cute, it's creative, and it's cheap! (price, lol)."
76561197971208225,Recommended,323320,14721112,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Reluctant Frog Cymbalist,"Amazing.  Fun.  Exceptional.  Classic look and feel.  Simple.  Hard.   Some of the words to describe this amazing little game.  There is NO regret buying this.  You will have fun, you will laugh, you will grin like an idiot.  You'll collect every last crystal and plant.  You'll saty up late to get ""just one more"" collectible and explore every nook and cranny of this game, and you';ll love every minute."
,Recommended,323320,14721141,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Frog Trickery,"What if someone stopped playing video games in the mid-90's and the only games they ever played were platformers on the Playstation?Flash forward close to 20 years, this person is now an adult and has an epiphany. ""I can do that. I can do thatbetter.""That's Grow Home. It's Bubsy 3D, only good. And it's brilliant."
,Recommended,323320,14721259,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,EMBLUM,This game is absolutely perfect. It is just oozing with charm. Stop reading reviews and just buy it. Support the game...you'll be wanting the devs to make more content!
76561198215476604,Recommended,323320,14902202,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mr.Duck,cute little game witch i love
,Recommended,323320,14898545,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,GuzzoTrooper,A delightful experience.
76561198014469908,Recommended,323320,14904164,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Viverlin,"Fantasttic. The atmosphere of the game envolves you from the start, a great expirience, great game play, great music, great art."
,Recommended,323320,14929109,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Spookars,Why you should get this game:1. It's fun as hell2. It's a Ubisoft game with no crappy Uplay DRM3. It has a unique art style that just looks really good4. It's the first Ubisoft game since some of their 2012 releases that runs correctly (with mild fps drops but no microstuttering)
,Recommended,323320,15067553,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Gregg rulz ok?,Its colerful fun and it has a lot of collectables in it. The controls are a little wonky 9.5/10
,Recommended,323320,15061821,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Mr Elot,This game is so fun to play and the art style is just what I enjoy from a game like this.The robot is hard to control sometimes but that just adds to his charm!
,Recommended,323320,14802282,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Con Silverstone,Grow Home does everything right for an exploration game. I think the other reviews says it all. so the only unique thing i could possably add is buy it indefinitly.
,Recommended,323320,14802981,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Spankingaddict,"If you don't play this , your life sucks .. -_-      lol no , but seriously  : /"
,Recommended,323320,14803368,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Busta Crymes,"Great game to just relax and play, wish there was more."
76561198175302438,Recommended,323320,14804832,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DivineDingDong,"As a gamer who loves crazy titile that stand out, Grow Home is none the less one of those games that stood out to me. I saw it the day it came out and it looked to be a game I would like. Grow Home is not a game a serious Rpg gamer can spend endless hour trying out new tacits. Grow Home is a game I would like to think that everybody could enjoy it presents a challenge but isn't coated in fancy graphic or being through the media and back. After seeing that Ubisoft made this game  I was a little shocked but I love this title for many reason its great, and shows of some of the finestest of features that a game can have. It is short lived game but, that doesn't mean you can't have alot of fun with Grow Home. $8 buck is a great price for a game like this. I personally believe that if Ubisoft wanted to expand this title and make a 2nd one with many more levels that would be great. I would for sure without a doubt buy this game if it was a standard game that cost $60 dollars. Overall I love the time I had playing this game, and most likely will play over and over to make my inner kid scream with joy again. Grow Home is a amazing game with a lot of potenial."
76561198042956737,Recommended,323320,14805956,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,atramentousFirmament,Feels very organic.
76561198049704651,Recommended,323320,14790429,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,A sleepwalking ßlob ._.,"Play it now....whatever types of games you like, you will like this"
,Recommended,323320,14807784,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,lil will,bup
76561198089458732,Recommended,323320,14860725,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Keleven,"Amazing 10 out of 10 , provides hours and hours of gameplay , well i havnt played too too much of it to be honest!But its hard to play without a controller so beter have one handy.the only fault i have with it is the very hard to controll red flowersjust thought i would say this :DThanks for the game"
76561198168226218,Recommended,323320,14862935,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,[cc] Roscoe,This is a very great game. It is well worth 8 dollars. Best played with a controller. Amazing game play and very relaxing.
,Recommended,323320,14821950,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Los Borrachos | El Toro Loco,"One of the most fun games I have ever played!Though there is not much gameplay yet, there is a lot to explore and discover.My only problem is that the game runs pretty bad on my pc, wich i find strange because i have more than the recommended specs. (HP Pavilion 15-p032nd)can someone help me with this? My fps is like 9 or something..."
76561197973234684,Recommended,323320,14908691,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,megatom0,"This game is easily one of the best gaming experiences. It captures the childish joy of discovery and exploration so very well. It is essentally a sandbo to play in. The crazy scale of the game is awe inspiring. I would say this gave me the feeling of Shadow of the Colossus meets Minecraft. The only minor negatives are some camera problems, and to some the game might be kind of short. IMO I loved the games length it made it much more of an experience, similar to something like Braid. Really loved this game. Give it a shot at any price! Also special bonus it is an Ubisoft game without Uplay so go for it!"
76561198124107034,Recommended,323320,14908921,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,NOOB,Awesome gamePlease Ubisoft make a part 2
,Recommended,323320,14884445,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Redox,"Amazing game! Amazing gameplay, amazing soundtrack, amazing *everything*!I absolutely love this game. It's a very relaxing and chill game, and it's awesome. Get it now!BTW, there are some minuscule things that are sometimes annoying, but you don't notice it most of the time."
76561197998114371,Recommended,323320,14888648,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,technnosaurus,I usually only play DOTA so this was a departure from the norm for me.  I loved this game - I can't recommend it enough.
76561197963467435,Recommended,323320,14851017,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mike,"You grow a plant to 2000m to harvest the flower for M.O.M.It's epic, but short. Pick it up and ejoy!:)"
76561197971094817,Recommended,323320,14855685,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Reas,Worth every €/$.
,Recommended,323320,15043387,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,WidescreenRules,"This game is turning out to be a lot of fun; however, that's not without a big caveat that I'll discuss later on.In this game you play a small robot named BUD that has the responsibility of growing the Star Plant to a specific height. This is done by steering young buds on the plant to a source of power that it can use to continue to grow. You also need to find power crystals scattered throughout to upgrade BUD's capabilities. That might sound lame, but it's actually much more fun than I thought it would be.  The polygonal art direction keeps the focus on the gameplay and doesn't detract from the appeal of the game. Climbing is done with controlling the grasp of each hand which feels awkward at the start but becomes easier to control when you get used to it.The big caveat, however, are the climbing and controls. Definitely -- DEFINITELY -- use a controller with this game. Each hand is controlled by the shoulder buttons, but unfortunately there are many times where you think you'll have a grasp of the rock or the wall and you actually don't leading to a fall. Many times the wonky camera angle will make BUDs hands go in the opposite direction where you're pointing, which is also a source of frustration. Additionally, BUD walks around like a drunk toddler. This can also lead to frustration when you think that BUD is safe on the ledge he just climed up only to have him stagger backwards and start to fall off again. There are ways to counteract falling, such as finding flowers to act as parachutes and upgrading BUD's skills to include things like rocket packs. But until you get used to those, a fall could take you all the way to the bottom. There are teleporters, but you have to find and activate them and they're few and far between.Although it might seem like this game is nothing but a nightmare from a control standpoint, when you get used to the situation (and upgrade BUD a few times) it's not as bad as it seems. All of that frustration is worthwhile, however, when you successfully get your Star Plant to grow even higher. Grow Home has a lot of charm to it and is worth your time. Just don't expect a frustration-free experience."
76561198140609101,Recommended,323320,15027154,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,shadowstrike555,"For those of you looking for a quick review: It's a fun and beautiful game,  but maybe not worth $8.  Definetly grab it if it goes on sale, because I don't know if it's worth a full eight dollars.First the pros:Absolutely unique and refreshing idea.  I was really excited to try this game, because it is so different, and in my opinion, the world could use more good platforming, adventure games.The world is stunning.  The vibrant colors make every camera angle look like the pictures in the game description.  Absolutely breathtaking, when at the top, and awe-inspiring looking up from the base of the towering plant.The cons:Awkard controls.  Essentially, your character (B.U.D) is a rag doll, and you can expect about the same the amount of control reminiscent of ragdoll physics.  If this is what the developers were aiming for, then success.  But, personally, nothing has frustrated me more than when i would simply wobble off an island or limb, and have to crawl all the way back to the next checkpoint.Short story.  This is really a compliment to developers, almost.  The game was very enjoyable, and I easily could have played it for another two or three hours.  In just one sitting.  However, I was stopped short by the quick conclusion which I found a little dissapointing.  I wish the game would have expanded to another planet, to give more story and a new environment.In summation, this game is solid.  I disagree with the pricing, I think $5 would be more reasonable, maybe even selling extra planets as dlc.  The story was moderately flat and very quick, but I can easily overlook the story for the sheer enjoyment of free falling 1800 meters past previously discovered islands, past beautifully colored floating rocks.  Good game, just not worth $8.  Too short of a story, too awkward and clumsy controls, but a visually stunning and exciting game."
,Recommended,323320,14597578,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,treuiouio,"Grow home is a game where you are robot named B.U.D. (B.otanical U.tility D.evice) that is attempting to save its home planet (of humans, presumably Earth.) from starvation.To do this, you must grow a giant vine all the way up to 2000 m, or 6561.68 feet. (did I mention this thing is massive?) Your reason for doing this is for it to bloom and for you to be able to retrieve the star seeds from the top, which will be sent home so that they can be grown for all 10 billion people on this futuristic version of Earth.You must also collect various plants and life forms that give you special abilities such a flower for  a parachute; or a leaf for a glider. You can also collect 100 (101?) blue glowing energy crystals which allow you to unlock special abilities, such as zooming out with C or a jetpack.Once you accomplish certain goals, you can unlock different forms of B.U.D. such as ninja bud, who can jump two times as high.It's a great game, and definitely a job well done by Ubisoft. I would give it at least a 8/10 for sure. Well done Ubisoft, well done."
,Recommended,323320,14600927,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Chippy180,"It's like Banjo-Kazooie and Conker had a baby, but the baby was a robot with an overly-attached robot mother."
76561198037146875,Recommended,323320,14668364,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ScLobo,"Bought this on a whim and wow, what a nice surprise. This game is very relaxing and easy on the eyes. It's not a must play but it is worth playing if you find yourself in need of a relaxed title."
76561198099830032,Recommended,323320,14669424,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,FullMetalMakubeX,"Beautiful environments, intuitive controls, and an adorable character really make this game. They packed so much personality into a game with very minimal dialogue. The campaign is short for my tastes, but I'll be playing this forever just to find the collectables and little hidden secrets strewn about. I'm not normally the kind of gamer who cares at all about collectables, but these ones are rewarding and fun to find. This game has grown (no pun intended) to be one of my favorites. Totally worth the full price, and more than worth it if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,323320,14669884,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,vishi8,"I have definitely been taken aback by this beautiful game. This is my first ever review and I know this is a game truly worth writing about. The gameplay is amazing and so are the mechanics. If you want a truly immersive experience, I recommend a Xbox 360 controller or other controllers for consoles. This game is spectacular and I have never seen anything like it. The best thing about this game is that it is in early access, meaning that I can see it grow into something even more spectacular. The game is worth much more money than it is right now and makes you destined for exploration. I highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone. The flora and fauna are very interesting (and let's face it the Glide Leaf is probably the best thing ever). There is humor in the game and many cool things to explore. It is a lot more than just growing a plant, and I see potential in this game. I hope you do, too."
,Recommended,323320,14669918,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SamHenry,"As soon as I started this game, I was intrigued by the gameplay and the graphics. The music is pretty great, too. The graphics are simple, but when taken in large amounts, it looks beautiful. The gameplay itself takes a few minutes to get used to, but once you have control of the input, it gets very easy and fun to play. The only think I don't like too much is that the game is too short. Overall, I really enjoyed it, though! 10/10"
,Recommended,323320,14730501,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Nightbre,A very fun game about a little robot on a mission to grow a plant and save his homeworld.Recommend this game to all of my friends.
,Recommended,323320,14731158,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,River,Climb a stalk. Get crystals. Fall to your death fighting a bull.I rate this game: A fantastic freefall/10
76561198062978152,Recommended,323320,14731858,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,aaronleigh,"I have just had a very pleasant weekend playing ""Grow Home"". I am left wanting more and hope to see more worlds become available, a New Game Plus mode, and possibly more side missions. I enjoyed having to grow into my new body and trying to figure out it's mechanics. I enjoyed the attainable yet challenging and rarely tedious acheivements. The minimalist design was very nice in combination with the ambient background music. M.O.M. and B.U.D. have a lot more work to do if you ask me, so sign me up."
,Recommended,323320,14731997,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Codes,Grow Home has quickly become one of my all time favorite games. Its open design was relaxed and fascinating. BUD is a highly amusing character that really breathes a playful energy into the game. Gaining altitude in the world feels like an accomplishment. Watching BUD hang from one little metal arm from a cliff face thousands of meters in the sky is an amazing visual pleasure. Dive into this game and learn about the animals and plants. Explore every inch and fall in love with this amazing experience!
,Recommended,323320,14778510,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,HiveMind,"This is a great game and all for the cost of a good sandwhich!The world is beautiful, I love the art style, it reminds me of games I played in my younger days like Spyro The Dragon or something like that. The whole world is so friendly and inviting. The game-play itself is engaging; movement is very satisfying and simple to use as long as you're playing on a gamepad with quality triggers, the standard 360 controller to be perfectly.All in all it's a fun little game. It's short, lacks replay value and feels sort of like a tech demo but I'm not complaining, I was very satisfied with the main missions and ended up making my own fun for a few hours.It's very relaxing.I hope the developers find some time to add some more content but I wouldn't feel cheated or anything if they never added more. This game deserves a lot more media attention!"
,Recommended,323320,14780489,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Cheesers,"Really simple and cute game, loving the side missions along with the main one. Only problem is the main mission is a bit short. But overall really good game, worth a buy."
76561198072847988,Recommended,323320,14781876,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Jakeowar,I sort of recommend this game its an amazing game but it is a bit short so its fun for a few hours but then you'll want to go play another game
76561198101013172,Recommended,323320,14784120,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Hentai Expert☎,Barley played but its good...really good.
76561198081832087,Recommended,323320,14801559,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ice King,"Thank you. Nice design and execution. I found no bugs, no quirks, or irregularities.  I have thoroughly enjoyed my experience. Nice job with Grow Home."
,Recommended,323320,14794061,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,BC ブーム,"The last crystal is a lie.Edit: It is not, in fact, a myth after all. The 100th was in the mouth of a carnvierous plant.I died.10/10"
76561197998933160,Recommended,323320,14801917,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,[UK]SNSTRDXTR,"Grow Home is an experience, let's get that straight from the outset. The environment is an absolute pleasure to behold and there are times when it's a joy just to stand there watching the shadows grow longer as day transitions to night. The lighting on this game is the very best I've seen in a long time. Don't let the simplistic-looking polygon landscape fool, for my money it bestows much more of a sense  of ""being there"" than so many games that desperately try to look photo-realistic - and yet fail on simple visual cues such as shadows. Grow Home absolutely nails it in the lighting department.The other key to creating a convincing game world is physics, and again, Grow Home nails it. You grab something and you immediately sense its resistance and weight. Try and climb with one ""hand"" while carrying something in the other. It *can* be done but it's a chore. However, if you're canny you can pull the item you're carrying upwards and then exploit its momentum to help you reach that bit higher than you could otherwise. Walking and climbing are other areas where so many games fall short, but not here. You never get the sense you are gliding or hovering as you walk, you feel connected to the surfaces you're interacting with.These may seem like points of detail, given there's so much else to talk about, but it's these things that create a sense of tangibility, a sense of being part of a real environment. And what a beautiful environment it is too.Incidentally, For everyone criticizing this game for being too short, remember it costs beer-money. Lasts longer too. This game *can* be finished in two hours, but not completed, and anyone doing so really has missed the point. There's lots to see, lots to explore and lots to collect, and you can't do it all in the couple of hours as suggested elsewhere. Granted, the game isn't in the same league as Fallout  or Just Cause for scale, but if you seek out all it has to offer you won't feel short-changed.As for B.U.D., he truly is the drunken master..."
,Recommended,323320,14800906,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Hindquarterz,its an adorable shadow of the colossus about robots and plants
76561198136367104,Recommended,323320,14611573,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,rp74368,This game is a true pleasure to play. I have been searching for a game that my girlfriend enjoys and she loves this one. It is a break from the typical in the best way. Its graphics are simple and beautiful. Its controls are initially awkward but within minutes you fall in love with them. The animations give the game such a charming character. If you are looking for a casual game look no further. Worth every penny at full price but don't forget you gamepad.
,Recommended,323320,14587614,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Thomas,"If only it had coop, so you can adventure with your friends..."
,Recommended,323320,14612548,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,shadow91110,"A fantastic climbing and falling game. Somewhat quick to play through, but well worth the money for the time you do play."
,Recommended,323320,14615691,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,GrimKiller,"I haven't finished the game yet, but so far I really really like it. It actually makes me feel like a kid again. WHOA, WHAT'S OVER HERE? A CAVE, COOL!"
,Recommended,323320,14615730,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Phantom of the AWPera,Drive a tree♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,323320,14616580,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,xXuLtR4$w4GBOIIIIIIIXx,Easily one of the best games I ever played. Very charming and very creative.
76561198111281656,Recommended,323320,14696267,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The Local Fandom-Based Trashcan,"This game is great-but it is not perfect. The exploration, animals, idea, controls, plants, all of it, are great. But if there's one problem with this game, IT'S THE STAR PLANT BRANCHES! I get it, they're plants, they should'nt be controlled with ease, but it the last big land section, I will tell it to go to the left and up, and it went to the right and down without interference from me AT ALL. I had no control, and it took me four branches, FULLY EXTENDED AND LOOPING AROUND EACHOTHER TO EVEN GET CLOSE. Other than the branches, this game is amazing."
76561198083282136,Recommended,323320,14602692,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Generalissimus Joseph Stalin,10/10. This is a great game for great fun. The climbing in this game is fun and easy once you are use to it. M.O.M is a great help and motivater. I just recently bought this and I love it.
,Recommended,323320,14603612,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Toupee,"Awesome game. Would love to see more ""small"" projects like this from Ubisoft. I say small, but the scope of this game is unlike anything else out there. It's marvelous. I streamed it and talked a bunch, it's athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuiiWIzH0n8"
,Recommended,323320,14604613,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,GrayMagicΓ,"Do you like platformers? If so, buy this game."
76561198104850349,Recommended,323320,14606103,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ajax Huxley,"10/10. Grow Home has fantastic visuals and chill music. Everthing feels unique and I had a lot of fun exploring and getting to know my environment. I've done just about everything there is to do in the game and it took me ~11 hours (casual pace). I would have liked the world to be bigger, but besides that, it was a great experience. Totally worth the $8 I paid."
,Recommended,323320,14396465,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,drunk.bubbles,great game reasonably priced
,Recommended,323320,14397305,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,jaykillah,Fun.
,Recommended,323320,14397784,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Pbailey89,"It didnt take too long to complete Grow Home, but i was captivated by every minute, Everything felt new and i wanted to learn how it all worked. I hate games that hold your hand and this gives you a simple mechanic and says.. There you go.. go play! And it deliver's.. This will make you feel like a child again rediscovering your love for games. I loved Grow Home and will continue to play it. I would like some more maps to grow a new plant in :D"
,Recommended,323320,14397874,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,xxbluedragonxx12,"Pro's: Very good-looking low poly aesthetic. It has a great atmosphere backed up by the controls, which give you a great range of momement. The flora and fauna were interesting, and a a lot of the fun of the game is watching how the ecosystem changes as you go higher.Con's: All that said, the game can be 'explored' in two hours or so. More if you are going for 100% on the little collectrable crystals. Still, its way short. I would love to see more."
76561197982193835,Recommended,323320,14398000,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bloodyrave,"Probably the best thing Ubisoft or Reflections for that matter, have put out in a very long time.  A very simple freeform exploration game with a simple, yet beautiful presentation.  Probably the best 7.99 you'll spend on steam, I started playing this last night and couldn't stop untill I finished the night after.  Very recommended."
76561198068368166,Recommended,323320,14398066,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,zacharyd97,"Untill i can wright a better reveiw, allow me to say one of the best games ive ever played."
,Recommended,323320,14398446,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,El Jay2010,Grow Home Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqjg4vOtApESuperb Game - 9/10
,Recommended,323320,14398680,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Polarargonaut,Super cute and fun.
,Recommended,323320,14398773,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,kizZy,"Was done in 3.5 hours. Done being, I reached all the way to the top and completed the mission with only 37% collected lol. It's a cute game. Something new but it's very, very short."
76561198022974351,Recommended,323320,14346438,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,newgamewhodis,wall-e and the beanstalk grow home in a physics-based exploration game that's as joyous any of mario's galaxies 9/10
,Recommended,323320,14402146,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Hariwulf,"Pure awesomeness!7Plus, you can make MOM proud! -happy face-I do advice to search all the collectables, 'cause they will make the game even more awesome!"
,Recommended,323320,14364543,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Daza_NZ,"This game is fun game to play even though its reported to be a short game where you might complete it in five hours, it does not remove the fact its very fun and has replay value. I really hope the devs will be considering adding another world or even pregenerated worlds so no new game is the same.  This game has potential to build on if they add more creatures and perhaps large area cave exploring, maybe adding other biomes. I also see potential for the same gameplay for exploring alien space station wrecks in space. Anyway this game is worth the price and will be something i see myself returning to play again in the future when i want to play something relaxing and very different.  This type of game would very much suit coop play too.  But i do not know if the Devs will be taking this game concept further either in DLC or a sequel. I do hope so."
76561197999022827,Recommended,323320,24814679,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,skotye,"Fantastic, it's amazing what a side project in the hands of talented developers can produce.  Eagerly awaiting Grow Up!"
76561198031326822,Recommended,323320,24816152,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SpecBoy,The closest thing you'll come to being Wall-E.
76561198209315341,Recommended,323320,25042168,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,souper_nashwan,"A great game - hugely enjoyable feel, wonderfully charming and unexpected. Recommended!"
76561198111033745,Recommended,323320,25075477,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,B4BFN00B,Fantastic Game. Had me shivering how high you go. Definately must buy the game!
,Recommended,323320,25194146,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Qwx,Very solid mechanics. Nice sense of exploration and wonder. Great game.
,Recommended,323320,26392205,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ChemTurtle,"Very fun game with engaging and fun physics, and a sleek art style."
76561198282788390,Recommended,323320,25625391,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,dpatw825,It's really fun
,Recommended,323320,25677409,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,[ ] Sneaky One,Super Relaxing Game 10/10
,Recommended,323320,25632112,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,twitch.tv/LANiD,"This game will tend to make your butt pucker like you were attempting a KZ map (counter-strike climb map) for the first time.  Not as relaxing or peaceful as it might lead you to believe, at least not at first, but once you let go it can be a hell of a lot of fun.  It was easier having had kz experience.  Let go and have fun"
76561198016505192,Recommended,323320,26295843,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PuffOfLogic,"Great, casual game. Just a pleasant experience."
76561198245275238,Recommended,323320,26110618,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,HelPriest,"I wasn't sure if I even wanted to review this game a while back, but that was before I played 22 hours of it and collected all the collectables. So yeah, I guess I should, since I am now installing Grow Up.Fundamentally, the game is quite fun and relaxing. The physics can make for some humorous moments and adds a nice meaty challenge to proceedings. Other than that, the world is very pleasant to look at and explore, enough so to keep me searching for crystals and plants/animals, just so I could continue to exist in it.That being said, there are some weird, irritating bugs that show up randomly, but briefly, and prevent you from doing whatever you may have been doing. At one point, some options disappeared from the menu, preventing me from quitting the game or going into the settings. One of the achievements did not work when I did exactly what was required.I'm sure there were more problems than that, but none of them were even close to deal-breaking. What you might consider, however, is how worryingly freudian the game's themes are. That is to say: your job is to extend a massive falack vine toward your ship, named Mom, which at one point breaks through an asteroid (the hymen), in order for it to spew forth its seed, which you must carry into your mother, so that she can use it to create new life. Wow. Personally, I think it's quite interesting and original as far as video game themes go, if it was intentional (and there's no way it was unintentional).Great game for a stressed out college student."
,Recommended,323320,23546491,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Gagurum,"Muy divertido, aunque el control es necesario, el juego sin extras se puede acabar extremadamente rapido y el constante uso de los gatillos casi me amputa los dedos, las pequeñas recompensas y mejoras del personaje resultan increiblemente gratificantes y el escenario es espectacular.Grow home es 8 superior, sorpententemente entretenido, aunque puede no ser para todos"
,Recommended,323320,16178817,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Goblin,"surprisingly entertaining! But very simple.. like 3 buttons, little/no dialog, and nothing except the main story to do kinda simple.. its not very long and would be more enjoyable with multiplayer. but did i play it for 5 hours and enjoy myself.. would i recommend buying it? you better believe it."
,Recommended,323320,16179911,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ofmonstersandsuicide,I beat it pretty quick. It can be frustrating when you fall but I enjoyed it.
76561198033681067,Recommended,323320,16185711,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Easykill305,Very nice short game
76561198020887872,Recommended,323320,16343484,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DaveOfTheDead13,"This game is interesting. It could be defined as a ""futuristic gardening sim"" or something along those lines. The game looks very pleasing to the eye, in that it has a nice color palette and the art style fits well with the game.The controls are a little clunky at times.If you are a completionist, you'll have lots to do. There are crystals to collect that  provide your character with upgrades. There are plenty of side things to do that provide achievements. But if you're looking for a fun casual game, look no further. It's a nice way to kill a night, as in this shouldn't take longer than 4 hours, even if you're looking for some extra crystals here and there."
,Recommended,323320,14633279,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,softcore,Minimalistic visuals and well articulated controls make Grow Home a vivid and joyful exploration adventure.
,Recommended,323320,14521311,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Keeco,An amazing Game with a great art style and stroy that is simple but effective. The climbing and gliding system is superb and the world is endlesly fun to explore. I would love modding support or DLC as the game is very short and would greatly benefit from more maps skins etc.
,Recommended,323320,14582590,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Boomstick,"This game is simply wonderful. Where shall I start? I'll go with the art design first: Wonderful, despite the game not having the most detailed models the game looks great. The low model quality was either put in for technical reasons(the draw distance is lets you see pretty much the entire map) or for nostalgia. Either way I love it.The next thing is the controls. Walking around is the standard WASD controls until you start climbing. You can hold on to objects with your left or right and which are both controlled by their respective left or right mouse buttons(or triggers if your using a controller). When you boot up the game it says the game is best played with a controller but I play the entire thing beginning to end with a mouse and ran into no problems.Next is the level design. This game is very much based around exploration. Throughout the game you can collect power crystals which will power up your robot depending on how many you have(it unlocks the upgrades automatically). Some crystals are there for you to see clear as day but others depend on you looking in every nook and cranny discovering other amusing secrets as well. As you get closer to the crystals you'll hear a shimmering sound.There is little to no story(from what I can gather.) You're a robot tasked with getting the seeds of the star plant to save earth. To get the seeds you must grow the plant until it blooms at 2000 meters up. Thats pretty much it.The music is nice and peaceful, nothing too exciting but it keeps the game from feeling too lonely.The one criticism I could give this game is the length. I beat the game in like 3 hours while only taking a little extra time to find some of the crystals. A speed runner could probably beat the game in 1-2 hours, a person going for 100% could probably beat it in 6-7 hours. I feel like the $8 price tag gives you your money's worth but who knows, maybe you'll want to wait until its on sale.This game has filled a niche for me I never even knew I wanted. I crave to play a game like this that can deliver the same wonder and fun that this has in the same way an addict craves his next shot. If you know of one I'd love to know but I'm yet to find it. The year has only just begun but this is already a strong contender for my GOTY."
76561198058670124,Recommended,323320,14363069,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,BartyShmUt,"Pros:The game looks really nice and runs wellThe gameplay is interesting and while repetitive, but I never got bored playing itThe game is forgiving when you die (Which can also be considered a bad thing)I really enjoyed the story. It was cute and short enough to get the point across, but not overly complicated and boringThere is still a decent amount of things to do when the main story is overThe climbing mechanic is fun and well implimentedThe secrets are hidden good enough to still be secrets, but not too hard to findCons:The controls are not the greatest especially when growing the star flower buds, and glidingThere is a lot of bs that happens sometimes which caused death for me a lot during my playthroughThe end-game is a mildly tedious collectothonOverall this game gets a 8 out of 10 for meI highly recommend this game. It is very relaxing and casual to play, and very nice to look at."
,Recommended,323320,26700677,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sleken,"Extremely comfy exploration game. Only took me 5.5 hours to do absolutely everything there is to do, but man did I enjoy those 5.5 hours."
,Recommended,323320,26675907,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Necrodimus Prime,"A wonderfully relaxing game. Buy this game for :1 It's art and visual style.2 If you want to relax without having to achieve any set goals as such.3 It's pace. Play the game at your own pace, take your time to enjoy the world and all it has to offer.4 If you want to feel good at the end of a tiring day.Sometimes I think we all have to GROW HOME ☺️👍"
,Recommended,323320,26760145,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tanerdamaner,"grow home is an amazing collect-a-thon style game. the adorable procedural animations and wonderfully stylized world you explore make this a perfect, calm and interesting game."
,Recommended,323320,28332329,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Groom of the Stool,Relaxing and simple. The mobility towards the end of the game makes it pretty fun as well.
,Recommended,323320,28189851,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Toastmaster,"I was hesitant at first about getting this game since so many people complained about how short it was.  Though I do wish the world was bigger (or at least somewhat randomized to give better replay value) the game was definitely long enough if you do more than just focus on the main 2 objectives.  This is one of those games where you don't mind playing for hours at a time.There is hardly any conflict in the game.  There isn't much dialogue.  There's no time limits.  But, it doesn't need any of these things - it's just a very original take of a relaxed exploration game.  The game does a great job at giving you a sense of depth and accomplishment.  Though the graphics are weird, they're also charming.  If you try collecting all the power crystals, get all of the life forms scanned, and go for some of the more fun achievements, this game has several hours worth of content.  If you ever played Mario Sunshine, you'd probably like this game.There are a few cons to this game:* On the Linux version, there seems to be a slight rendering issue with the horizon, where there seems to be a black line.  I feel like this could probably be fixed if the game supported anti-aliasing (which it could really use).* BUD is pointlessly clumsy.  The greatest overall challenge of this game is dealing with how poorly BUD can walk.  If you just run on a flat surface and turn sharp, he'll topple over himself.  He's also pretty much incapable of walking up a slope greater than 15 degrees.  I don't mind climbing but it gets pretty tedious when I need to climb up a slope as shallow as a wheelchair ramp.* I'd have liked the islands to be bigger with more wildlife variety.  For an exploration game, it felt a little lacking.* Jetpack usage can be a little glitchy.  At least half the times I fell down too far, it was because the jetpack wasn't firing when I told it to.  Sometimes, it fired when I *didn't* want it to, giving me not enough fuel to make the jump.Overall great game and highly recommended.  Just take your time with it."
,Recommended,323320,28711279,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KorraDorra,"Great game, wish it was much bigger, but inventive; mignt try the new one actually"
,Recommended,323320,26767406,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prototype,"Great game. Stunning visuals, amazing graphics, and good UI."
76561198029191773,Recommended,323320,30437263,Posted: 10 March,all,Skawt88,"This is an aweome little gem, very cool.  Not super long or deep but good for what it is.  It is also very reasonably priced.7/10"
,Recommended,323320,23010796,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,CashMoneyThuggin,"Grow Home is a fun little 3D platformer. The climbing mechanics in the game are original but not fantastic. I've heard the game picks up when Bud unlocks the jet pack but I grew tired of the game before I had that chance. There is no debate about the quality of its art design, though, it's great. If you want a quaint indie platformer that's low on narrative but high on originality and design I'd recommend checking it out. Personally, I seem to be one of the few people out there that didn't find the game incredibly entertaining or enduring, but I would recommend checking it out even if you're just thinking about it. For its price, it's definitely worth a shot.(I played the game on PS4 so I don't have the minutes logged on Steam, in case anyone wondered.)"
76561198119264351,Recommended,323320,23351155,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Señor Pug,This is a very fun but peaceful game where the objective is to grow a giant plant back to the mothership.
76561197973355557,Recommended,323320,23504618,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,MaddMatt,"Even with it's lack of content, I can't help but recommend it for being the solid and enjoyable platformer that it is."
,Recommended,323320,23467051,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Swarley,"Grow home is the type of game for people who enjoy little games with good gameplay if you are gonna play this game you NEED to 100% it, it only takes 10-15 hours to do and its totaly worth it because by the end you have soo much gear to just mess around withthis game is amazing it gives you a great climbing system and a goal, grow a tree this goal ironicly branches out into other goals such as gathering crystals to upgrade your super cute Robot B.U.D filling out the data base and finding 8 star seeds all of that plus the achievements is alot to doI reccomend giving this game a shot, i give it 9.5/10(PS the reason i have alot of hours is because i left the game on for 10 hours and left it on and forgot about it xD)"
76561198083845394,Recommended,323320,23356806,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Atomicsuper11,"B.U.D is such an adorable little robot, love this game."
,Recommended,323320,23283924,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MassacreG,"This has been my favorite casual game to date.The minimal atmosphere and environments are beautiful despite their simplicity while the sounds of rushing wind during freefall and the springy legs on your adorable/fearless protagonist are extremely endearing. The climbing mechanics and physics are great for anyone who loves a tactile experience and honestly never grew stale for me the entire time.I milked this game for all the content I could before completing it and I still bet I'll come around for another play through in the future.Great art, great design, great soundscape... It might not be for everyone, but I really can't recommend this game enough."
76561198165135296,Recommended,323320,23499638,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,SuperBert,Awsome game 10/10 please check out my channel
,Recommended,323320,23498638,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Whisky,Very good and creative game! I just can't find the lest crystal..
76561198069132437,Recommended,323320,23662263,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,kewip,just grow home dude
76561198181829522,Recommended,323320,23548297,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Thorkon,Its agreat but frustrating game as most say and thats why i like it. i would suggest adding more maps and different plants that grow differently. i would say around 4 out of 5 for this game.
76561197970581521,Recommended,323320,23559667,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,mp,"Most original and imaginative game since Portal! Also one of the most enjoyably games I've played in recent years - the graphics are incredible, the music and sound effects are perfect. The game has a very unique atmosphere, and the gameplay is just brilliant. Incredible value for the money, and probably one of the few games I will have to play again!"
,Recommended,323320,23589460,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Vulture Culture,"This is actually one of my favorite games with a specific start and a specific end (and then you can't do anything except explore afterwards), who doesn't want to be robot spiderman with a jetpack? I sure do!"
,Recommended,323320,21249268,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,DuckTheCow,A very charming game that is fun for any age.
76561198043032421,Recommended,323320,21168250,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,fromanussum,Grow big or grow home.
,Recommended,323320,16852305,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Bandit 4 Life,"It Would Be Cool if you make a Sequel of This, And i also Give this game a 50000/10:D"
,Recommended,323320,21110469,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,TriNerd,Finally found a game that my girlfriend wanted to play!
76561198037633834,Recommended,323320,21407183,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,hishnegreb,"Absolutely love this game, so happy I bought it.Even if all you do is look on in wonder at the gorgeous world created for you it'll be worth your time. It might just be me, but the visuals keep screaming Spore at me... and with both games, you can just look on in awe at the detail around you... it's weird because when you start you are on a tiny island... but the game scales upwards... so after a ""level"" or 2 looking back at where you've just come from and then freefalling back to the first island is so satisfying.There's something so relaxing and yet challengingly frustrating about running the cutest little 3D QWOP robot all over the world trying to get the Star Plant to grow.Tha game does feel a little short in the end, but only really because I want so much more. Would definitly like to see a sequal.10/10 Totally surprised!!"
,Recommended,323320,14474230,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tonker,"havent completed yet but absolutely sick of my friends making the ""GROW UP"" reference from the inbetweeners every time i play; its not grow up, its grow home you scrubs. oh yeah, game is p good so far too you play as a robot called mud or somethingEDIT [25/2/16]On a more serious note and without as many in-jokes however, this has been one of those games that I always find myself going back to for when I'm in search of some relaxation or when I'm procrastinating. Somehow the game managed to immerse me every time upon seeing the Reflections Studio logo... probably down to the well-suited simple, yet memorable music that plays as the game is starting up (by the way, if you haven't, make sure to download the soundtrack DLC too; it's free).The game itself though is a completely different approach to an adventure game, it's quite refreshing to see. You play as as a robot called B.U.D. who serves the purpose to... well, grow home after being sent to a planet to oxygenate a planet. The game is open world and offers a lot to explore, even after the main game - lots of replayability there.Achievement hunting has never really been my thing, but with the amount of times I found myself coming back to this game I ended up eventually unlocking a lot of them anyway which encouraged me to unlock the ones which are a bit less obvious to achieve. Overall, my opinion hasn't changed about this game since I started playing it sometime early last year. I still find it to be one of the most relaxing games I've ever played and would highly recommend it to anyone."
76561198203162016,Recommended,323320,30711797,Posted: 24 March,all,Totatoe,"Cutest game ever!Pros:.Long level.Interesting open world.funny.cute.soundtrack.graphics and atmosphere makes you feel very comfortable.Thise moments when your clinging onto a very high plant, and your praying to valve so that you dont fallcons:.controls are wobbly (unless if it was meant to be).MORE LEVELS AND STEAM COMMUNITY!!"
,Recommended,323320,21422329,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Radaa5,Great chill game with no uPlay BS
76561198058607744,Recommended,323320,24086711,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SCHMEBULOCK,"I'm a bit on the fence about thumbs up or down with this game to be honest. It's an alright game if you just want to pass some time. But get it on a sale, because it's very short.You play as a little robot who's only job is to make a plant grow and collect little glowy stones. You are also encouraged to pick flowers and kidnap the wildlife to analyze it. All this, while walking around like a drunk person (the controls are a bit special).But stay away if you're prone to motion sickness!I am, and even though this is a very short game (1-2 hours) I had to take a few breaks, because I got too nausciated by the way the plant grows. (You sit on it and try to guide it, and sometimes it will go rogue and grow however it likes, preferably in spirals.)I'd give it a 6.5/10.Those are mainly charm points, because that's what this game has to offer."
,Recommended,323320,24139417,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Joeink100,"this was a really good game however kept getting visual glitches that i did not experience in other games so i refunded it if not for this issue i would have kept it as it was really intresting despite my low amount of time plaaying,"
76561198016292979,Recommended,323320,24368230,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Krilldor,"I really like this game. It's what I expected of it, it's fun, explorative and ""physicsy"", although that last part is just a bit.You are are little robot and you use your mobility to crawl over a plant and help it grow. As the plant grows you can explore further and gain more mobility.Because of the ""physicsy"" element I imagined a high replay value, though I find that lacking a bit. It's a real fun game though for as lang as the main quest goes. I'ld recommend this game for about €5-€9"
,Recommended,323320,24259153,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,hoserama99,"tl;dr: I'd give this a 3 out of 5. It's a bit tedious, but has enough charm that it doesn't overstay its welcome.The game concerns you, a robot, whose goal appears to be to get this gigantic vine plant to grow all the way to your ship. There's a lot of climbing and falling. This is various parts interesting and repetitive. Until you manage to get some upgraded rocket packs and discover the glider leaf, it is borderline frustrating to fall to your death. Once your vine has grown and you've got some upgrades, things get much less annoying.In real life, I do have a fear of heights, and I did experience the faint tingles of vertigo as I got way up on the vine. This is one game where if I played in VR, I'd probably spray my surroundings with projectile vomit.I'm not a fan of the controls - the Octodat-like manipulation of each hand individually as you try to climb adds some skill to things, but gets tiring pretty quick. Luckily, the game is fairly brief.I could easily see this slipping into a ""not recommended"" simply by virtue of being a bit short and not particularly deep, but the characters, sound and artwork add charm that elevates it above mediocrity."
,Recommended,323320,24265499,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Zeroman,"This game is fun and addicting, It's good to pass a few hours :)"
76561198249207336,Recommended,323320,23748171,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MarkedBullet,"Best drunk, free climbing simulator ever!10/10 - will fall again.."
76561198257520904,Recommended,323320,23776230,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ReBlaze,"The game is relaxing for me. You get used to the controls rather quickly, but will probably fall off a few times."
76561198044726650,Recommended,323320,23776860,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,blubud,Fun game. Took a little while to learn the controls.
,Recommended,323320,23631105,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,DragonFax,"Very unique gameplay. Very epic, expansive feeling. Easy to get into. Play it with gamepad and not a mouse."
76561198108325006,Recommended,323320,23693925,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Booth Manning,"A unique and incredibly fun experience. Unique because I can't really liken the gameplay to anything in particular. Definitely worth more than the price asked, for sure. It was calming while simultaneously exciting and visually stunning."
76561198116999123,Recommended,323320,23689765,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ciosa,"Great game great artstyle, and overall a nice relaxing break from all the hardcore games out there. Overall A+ material in my books."
,Recommended,323320,14456506,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Bronie Javo,Strange and fascinating. Would recommend you try it.
76561197988904236,Recommended,323320,14458227,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Broots _Waymb,"First off for the money this is a great game. It plays like it should and like you want it to. Mastering the left / right controls on a controller took me about three or four minutes and after that it was beautiful. Sound design is great. It never gets in the way and facilitates the right mood throughout. There is a lack of story to the game, but I feel like like plays to its good side. It is challenging, but not hard. It is pretty, but not graphically demanding. Above everything else it is fun. With a willful suspension of disbelief I was a monkey like robot for three hours. There are only a couple bad things I can point to in such a simple fun games. First would be the camera clipping through walls. This doesn't happen often, but when it does it can be catastrophic. Second would be the occasional complete miss for no reason. The game makes a noise confirming when you are latched on to a surface. One in every hundred thousand latch-ons fails and sends you straight back to the bottom. Beside these minor complaints I could not recommend this game more highly to get rid of a couple hours and brighten your day. The only thing holding the score down is the limited run time and the forgivable mistakes in a game made by eight people. 8/10 buy it, buy it now."
76561197987110778,Recommended,323320,14461358,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Skullbank,It's great
,Recommended,323320,14463869,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,HunBunQueen!,Grow home is a great fun adventure game.though it may seem short it is still a world that is very fun to run around in.there are many bugs but none are game breaking.in the end i think this is a wonderful game but needs some tweaking.
76561198093691955,Recommended,323320,14463993,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Noob Inc.,"this game is unique in it's genre,i really enjoyed playing this game, it was far better then my expectations. the game itself is very colourfull and the scenery is absolutely gorgeous! you have a very clear objective to strife to and it is very simple to learn the mechanics. i think i could really lose hours and hours of gameplay in the game.if you are looking for a fun, open worlded game whitch you can play on your own pace,this is the game."
,Recommended,323320,14466772,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Spartacus,10/10 Will have an intense fear of hights for the rest of my life.
,Recommended,323320,14467358,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Level 23 Faggot,"Great Game by Ubisoft. I love it. The gameplay is interesting but easy to get the hang of it. The views that you can see in the game are soo awesome and pretty that i can i watch 4 days.Great game, tottaly reccomend. Buy it! 10/10"
,Recommended,323320,21097821,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AdmiralAadolf,"Drug a sheep into water, it died, I died. 10/10"
,Recommended,323320,20683317,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Nicket League,"I abosuteley love this game. So far, I've got my money's worth out of it, and have enjoyed every moment. The game world is very nice and relaxing, and the world feels very fleshed out, with lots of things to do in it. I almost don't want to find the one crystal I haven't found yet, as it would mean I'd completely finished the game. I would definitley reccommend this game if you're looking for a casual, fun game to mess about in."
,Recommended,323320,20935226,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,MadKingAyres,"It's the mark of a good game when it makes me wish it was longer. This low-poly exploration game has you directing a giant beanstalk-like plant into nutrient-filled floating islands in order to grow larger. It's a task that takes you a surprisingly short time, although the collectibles and challenges manage to stretch out a few more hours of gameplay.I wish the main task took longer to complete, or perhaps never can be completed at all."
,Recommended,323320,20936426,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,el Pollo Herético,
76561197985623756,Recommended,323320,21374815,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ACIDer,Very cool !
76561198089139133,Recommended,323320,21354179,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Gregwam,:')
76561198088180460,Recommended,323320,21301645,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Boston.exe,buy it now>
76561198062500062,Recommended,323320,21245079,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,TolerantCashew,Great fun game play. Wish there was DLC Maps for this game.
76561198094946994,Recommended,323320,21223413,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,staticshock,"Best game ever, PLEASE MAKE A SEQUAL"
,Recommended,323320,14411224,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Xawnder Astora,"The moment I saw Slyfoxhound play this game, I was immediately interested on what it was about. The game is really easy on the eye's and down right gorgeous. The best casual I've played in months. It's simple, relaxing and the music fits the atmosphere of what's going on. Love how the way you climb by pressing the Right or left bumpers to help BUD grapple the mountain walls. I would really recomment this game if you want something beautiful and fun to play."
76561198138963454,Recommended,323320,14412773,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,SquiddyMoose,This game is unbelievably creative and well thought out.  the scenic view is amazing and when i finally got to the flight mechanic i was blown away with all your own work you see put before your very eyes in birds eye view.  A definite must buy for anyone wanting to have a peacefull but adventurous time!- i did notice after entering flying on a leaf my left arm stopped grabbing things.   it would grab but not actually grip anything.
76561198121835430,Recommended,323320,14413691,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,msmariah,I could not put this game down. It's awesome!
76561197970818781,Recommended,323320,14419795,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,lithander,"If you don't mind the short duration (which I consider a plus, as I don't have the time to finish many games these days and got to feel more rewarded then dissapointed when I got to see the credits after a couple of hours) then it's a charming, refreshing little gem of game. The mechanics just work, with both relaxing and stressful moments in a fine balance. It's a honest back-to-the roots gamedesign that doesn't bother with cinematics and scripted encounters but concentrates on the core values of what makes a game experience unique and fun: Flow, Exploration, Progress and Mastery, Challange and Reward, clear Goals and a solid implemenation. And it gets that very right!"
,Recommended,323320,14427075,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ψ | Psi-Lapse,"Grow home. Simple Game. Simple Concept.You are a robot exploring a land similar to earth. But, you only care about one bean-stalk-esque plant; the Star-Plant. You grow this thing by making its offshoots slam into energy rocks, with the eventual goal of collecting seeds (of the plant? Maybe?) and getting into your spaceship and flying off to parts unknown. Maybe to the land of the Mcguffins.Oh. You have to collect crystals to power up your robot to obtain basic functions, like zooming the camera in and out.That's it.How do you do this monumentous task? You do what we humans have been doing for years for fun. You climb. Oh, do you climb. If you ever find yourself asking yourself ""Can I grab that?"" The answer is yes. Everything can be climbed on. Everything. Even yourself.Thats it.Along the way, of course, you gain power ups like flowers that allow you to float in the air like a parachute. And no, they are not those white fluffy dandlions you see everywhere in the spring. They look more like dasies. A missed opportunity if you ask me.But they didn't miss the witty title for your teleportation devices; wittily named ""Tele-Routers"". As a student in networking the name bothers me, and why? Cuz when you activate one, it makes sounds similar to that of dial-up. Cute. I love that! I still have nightmares!So, now its time for the issues I have with it. There are not many. The plants offshoots only grow to a certain length and there is nothing on the UI that informs you how much more you can grow that particular offshoot. I glitched through spring-leaves a lot. Climbing is very QWOP-like, as it is frenzied; and often leaves you heading for the ground. The camera has a mind of its own, and it does not like you very much. B.U.D (the robot) is very jiggle boned and will consisiantly make you question if you're on the ground anymore. B.U.D is very broken to me, and I feel needs to be steadier. In a game that relys on you climing to great hights; its easy to fall off.So that's the game. Is it good? Is it fun? Is it worth the 8 bucks you'll pay for it?Yup. It is. If B.U.D was a figure, I'd buy it.tl;dr Breakdown:+Great Graphics+Physics are fine+Climbing works well+ Tutorial is both short and effective+ Very charming- B.U.D navigates like a drunken sailor (By far, the biggest negative to the game)- I actually think climbing mechainics are too sensitive- Camera hates you and your goals8/10Camera needs fixed and can a brother get a sturdier robot.Maybe one named S.A.U.F.C, B.U.D's better calibrated brother.SturdyAutomatonUsedForCliming"
76561197970871430,Recommended,323320,14406624,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,tekllama,"Really fun original game.  Totally worth the cost.  I've played about 4 hours and reached the credits, and there's still a bit more to do."
76561197970262379,Recommended,323320,14408859,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,thegrommit,"This is cute, hilarious and great fun for anyone who enjoys exploring.   The game encourages experimentation by providing multiple ways to recover from mistakes, and hilarious results when you discover something unexpected."
76561198043169009,Recommended,323320,14409462,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,willwgmb,great
,Recommended,323320,14449785,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,KTFX,A fantastic little game with physics based climbing and vibrant colourful graphics. A little on the short side but a very fresh and welcome game in a market seemingly filled with♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198041401535,Recommended,323320,14450051,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Pathetic,"Although this game is quite short (I finished it within three hours, and I was taking my time) its defenitely been a wonderful experience. The world is simple but beautiful, and you can easily lose yourself by molding the plant life into a huge structure that twists and turns without end, which is what I found to be the funnest part of the whole game. The controls are easy enough to pick up, and while the game does inform you that it is best to use a controller, I had no problems without one after the first ten or so minutes. All and all, a very fun game that's stress relieving and carefree."
76561198110725598,Recommended,323320,14493907,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,butternubs,"Let me start this review by saying that if you're looking for a deep story with complex characters, keep looking. If you want complex and difficult gameplay, keep looking. If you're looking for a fun game with lovable visuals and fun, yet simple, gameplay, than look no further.I didn't expect to like this game as much as I did. After all, a game consisting entirely of climbing doesn't sound very appealing. Every time I fell to the bottom of the map or got stuck in a vine, it never bothered me, mainly because I was so caught up in the lovable atmosphere of the game.It may have been published by Ubisoft, but Uplay isn't needed. That alone sold me on the game."
76561197993617677,Recommended,323320,14496447,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,CrowdedTrousers,"As the robot worker B.U.D., you must tend to a beanstalk that will ultimately grow to re-unite you with your dropship. You can ride 'n' guide its shoots (they'll try to do their own thing!) so that they penetrate these floating islands, apon which the stalk will now....feed.Ok, don't worry about that bit because this game is all about theclimbing.You climb by reaching in a direction with the left thumbstick, and left/right grip is controlled by the bumpers. As you climb you always need to be gripping with one hand, or you fall. Swing the camera with the right thumbie. Elegant and fun - you feel clumsy at first, but after a short while you're bouldering like spiderman. Control is just one of many simple systems that Grow Home uses cleverly and with character.All round good game design. Not super polished -  I had some clipping issue some times, but meh, it's just fun to play and I think will spawn more than one copy-cat."
,Recommended,323320,14500019,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Barbra Streisand,"Just about the right length. Fun, different. This is Good Ubisoft."
,Recommended,323320,14440114,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,damonironmonger1,fun.
,Recommended,323320,14441834,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Serial Psycho,"This game is a masterpiece for all ages. Seriously,  it's so satisfying to just have so much control over your character as you climb and skydive your way around the unfortunately small map. Gameplay feels slick and smooth. Have yet to encounter any bugs (and this is a Ubisoft game!). One of the few games where I'd wholeheartedly buy DLC.It's worth every penny if you like open world games!"
76561198040831048,Recommended,323320,14442192,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Bullderdash,Gardening+Shadow Of The Colossus+Katamari Damacy=Grow Home10/10Most Relaxing Game I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,323320,14443907,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Possibly a ghost,"I saved a sheep from a pile of rocks, we are friends now. He runs over to me if I'm ever near.10/10"
,Recommended,323320,14444358,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mister Ikkus,"This game is delightful. It is unlike any other game I've played. Even when aimlessly climbing, falling, flying, drifting, and gliding around, it's terribly fun. I'm down to buy any future content."
76561198143766115,Recommended,323320,14469823,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Stereox-101,"Its really colorfull the soundtrack goes on with the exploration and wonder of this game, only if had co-op mode would be fun"
,Recommended,323320,14470413,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Fox,"So I stumbled upon this game while browsing through the steam store. I somewhat took a liking to its art style and found the basic gameplay idea fairly intriguing, so I went ahead and bought the game.And man, the game is really really fun and definitely something different. While being published by Ubisoft there is no need for UPlay and it also has steam achievement support (unlike certain other ubisoft games).So in the game you play a little robot called BUD which is supposed to explore new planets and also make its way home to its mothership. To do so he has to make this huge plant grow even bigger, so he eventually and literally grows his way home.It's a really nifty and fun game and certainly worth it's price if you're up for some exploring.I am also doing a little series about the game on youtube (mind you I am just starting out, so the overall quality of my videos is probably not sooo good... but I'm trying to improve!), and I think the following video captures the spirit of the game quite nicely.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BK0MzzVFxGc"
,Recommended,323320,14474562,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mr. Cake,Succinct collectathon. Definitely worth playing for the $10 price point.
76561198075521680,Recommended,323320,14474928,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,SpartanLAZERED,"This small, one of a kind adventure game brings something different to the table by putting you in the place of a charming robot named B.U.D. Can easily have you putting tons of time into it. Pleasant visuals and feel good physics will have you coming back for more."
,Recommended,323320,14476908,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Danial.Beta,A super fun platformer that takes a lot of what there was to love in early 3D playforming and mixes it with modern controls and camera. Graphically it hits its mark dead center. I'm really hoping this sells well enough to warrent more in its style.
,Recommended,323320,14477212,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,FlexibleRodent,"Really cool, short, and simple adventure game. Fun free-form climbing system, and a charming narrative to enjoy. Definitely worth the $8 price tag."
76561198021749967,Recommended,323320,14477420,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jazz,"This is a fun little game by a ""big name"" developer that somehow avoids the worst aspects of that moniker.  It brims with charm and a spunky, lighthearted style that reminded me of old 3d platformers like Mario 64 and Spyro.  Grow Home is just expansive enough to feel free roaming, but not so much that you have no idea what to do at any point.  Some general thoughts below:+Bright, vibrant graphics+Solid sound design+Simple to learn, but addictive-A bit short for the cost.  Feels like it could use a selection of quests/missions or maybe some different worlds to explore.-Controller essentially required-Some graphical glitches when hanging underneath objects"
,Recommended,323320,14477777,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Happy Humble Hermit,"A must play, the price is a steal."
76561198039231470,Recommended,323320,14512637,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,xEvilMuffin,Amazing game
76561198084078480,Recommended,323320,14513269,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Cynical Sparkle,UcanPlay. 10/10
76561198056132952,Recommended,323320,14514634,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dorkus™ (Lucas),"i love this game some people say they where smiling through the whole thing i couldnt cause i was concentrated on the funny physics and almost frustrating climbing contols the graphics style of this game is on point for thw way its played so many little puzzeles, falling rocks, floating through the air to find the crystal that wont stop buzzing in your ear and just plain intertainment. play the way you want to either collecting the gems as you go or coming back at the end to get the not so obvius ones you missed. and no uplay :] a few things to make this better would be multiplayer somehow and steam workshop would just knock it out of the park. i dont review many games but this is a amazing game deserves all the credit possible you did good ubisoft, you did good. ;)             10/10"
76561198007490854,Recommended,323320,14515086,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,tylerxkj,"Somewhat floaty controls but a very forgiving platformer with a fun goals and oppurtunities for exploration in a beautiful scenic environment. FYI, collecting the crystals for the powerups is somewhat essential. The difficulty at higher altitudes and tedium of travel is reduced by the crystal powerups."
,Recommended,323320,14516330,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,odhránthewizard,"if you're considering buying this game, DO IT! it is incredible (and also doesn't use a static camera like the screenshots do)."
,Recommended,323320,14502885,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,keoni420,grow home is a awesome game makes me believe in ubisoft againthe game play is very fun and unique and graphics are simple but beautifuli give this game a 8/10 its just too short and I did'nt want it to endi am hoping for dlc
,Recommended,323320,14504650,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Fab,"Keyboard and mouse takes some getting used to and you may feel like you're moving slower, so if you have access to a controller that would be better for the experience. Controls are nice and movement feels unrestricted. There is much to see and more to discover as you climb higher. Collecting crystals was a fun challenge. I would personally enjoy replaying it, although I do wish there was more content or side secrets to discover. An overall pleasent experience and would highly recomend to anyone for such a great price."
,Recommended,323320,14506471,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,photostyle,"Great! Although the camera can be a problem on occasion, the overall game is lots of fun. Espeically after getting some upgrades to your BUD."
76561198025564822,Recommended,323320,14507986,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,DistractedOne,"Absolutely amazing. Starting with a very simple concept, Reflectons have created a jawdroppingly beautiful game that just feels a joy to play. The movement is the core of the game, and it's fluid and easy to control. A well-polished game, well worth the low price."
,Recommended,323320,14508496,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,wistfuldragon,"This game is simple. You climb. You jump. You ragdoll your way through minimilistic 3-D worlds in search of crystals while growing a starseed to bring back to your ship. That's it! And yet, with such a simplistic objective and design, I can't help but find myself enjoying every moment I play this game, be it for the satisfying task of exploration, the fun and quirky utility plants (flower-ups) to the cavern systems and crystal hunting that makes this game truly a gem. For $7.99 USD, it's a great buy, though I'd recommend you pick it up while on sale.To note, the controls can be a bit quirky, and the camera is generally unobtrusive - you don't have to fight it very often unless you're in a really tight and overall bad location. There are no actual ""enemies"" but plenty of ambient creatures and plants, and plenty of ways to die, though there are plenty of checkpoints scattered about at different levels. Robots can drown, what? Overall, I'd recommend this game if you're looking for somethign that's relaxing enough to pass some time, but involved enough to make you think and consider how to approach different tasks.As a future note -I hope this game receives updates with additional levels. I've only played for a few hours now and am still in the first (perhaps only?) world, but for replayability's sake, I hope that more stages are added with different locations, biomes and creatures becuase this is a world I love to explore, and would like to do so more."
,Recommended,323320,20543764,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Prophecy,"Grow Home is an awesome, short, casual, beautifully designed game! I highly recomend this game to anyone who is looking for a quick and fun game, that you can spend more time in with the additional challenges!"
,Recommended,323320,20626359,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Nofy101,this game is realy fun and amazing and everything is soooooooooooooo cuuuuuuuuteeeeee in it this is the best open world game i have played
76561197964988973,Not Recommended,323320,20578583,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Munki,garbage controls
,Recommended,323320,20592180,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,mikechiudioni,1. Charming and beautiful game with interesting and engaging gameplay mechanics.2. It's a short game (I got basic Mission Accomplishment in just 4 hours).3. It is exactly the right length.4. This sat in my backlog entirely too long.10/10 Reminds me of my childhood. Wish grow home again for the first time.
,Recommended,323320,24419735,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Karnevale,"This game is enchanting.It's a simple game with simple mechanics, a beautiful landscape, and a really good vibe. It's well worth the 8$, and it's more than a few hours of entertainment. it doesn't have a great replay value, but nevertheless, it's a good game. 8/10"
,Recommended,323320,25121910,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Karatedude,"Grow Home is one of my favorite indie games ever. Usually Ubisoft comes with negative conotations, but this was a breath of fresh air. Like really, the moment you pop in and experience this little robo-dude stumbling around, you fall in love and just smile.10/10."
76561198148465218,Recommended,323320,25159701,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DaTacticalBanana,"Though this is a pretty short game (It can take as little as about 2-3 hrs to beat). I have also never played a game that has been so satisfying and enjoyable to play. It's graphic style, controls, and freedom to grow your giant plant is truly therapudic. There is something amazing about this little game, and I couldn't recommend more.12/10"
,Recommended,323320,25125688,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,⋁⋀⋤Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨Ʒ⋁⋀⋤,"This is a beautiful game about a robot trying to restore life and plants to a world, if you like platforming 3D games with exploration this is definetely worth the money and time to play this game, the game may not be too long but there is alot you can do so it is sure to last you a long enough time to have a great fulfilled experience playing this game. I found everything about this game amazing, especially the artstyle it looked amazing and the game itself seems unique for a platformer so i strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,323320,25083029,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ROOT #Seahawknum4,Amazing instant-classic game with a lot of indie charm
,Recommended,323320,25017814,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TasteTheMusic,Fantastic game
,Recommended,323320,24740743,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,hello!,A lovely little game about a wonky climbing robot. Very fun. Controller highly recommended.
,Recommended,323320,24697456,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,james.war01,"This was a very cool experience... Awesome customization, side missions, and great music! 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,323320,24697020,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Soraya,So good game :)
76561198086155694,Recommended,323320,24679727,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,rusty ( hellcase.com ),pros and cons of grow homepros                            cons1. fun                         1.if you fall you have to clibe all the way back up2.de scovery3.climing
76561198210036736,Recommended,323320,21798396,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,henrik,This is one of the cutest games I have ever played!  I want a pet bud. Defanitely worth the cost.
,Not Recommended,323320,21796953,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Joish,"Wore out its welcome for me after 40 minutes. Climbing became tedious especially after wonky controls leave you falling and losing all your progress. I do love the design and the game world is beautiful and expansive. There are some really impressive views, especially once you're way up high."
76561198022662602,Recommended,323320,21798167,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,AtmanActive,Funky zen robot climber riding on magic beanstalk.Awesome!
76561198056731754,Recommended,323320,21792922,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,BleeBloo,"Grow Home is a game I didn't realize I wanted, now I'm on my second 100% playthrough and still love the landscapes, animals, and exploration. While its not a very long game, its packed full of beautiful scenery, quirky humor, and fun gameplay. Keep in mind that this is heavily physics based so you'll be spending early gameplay figuring out the controls. Once you unlock some upgrades and hone your skills, this is an excellent experience. Now I'm only preying that the developers add more worlds to explore in this universe!"
,Recommended,323320,21239847,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,mitternachtgoblin,"Very relaxing! Even though it was short I loved every second for its unique experience.Note: If you have any fear of heights, dont play it!"
,Recommended,323320,20374409,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Xeneth,"Are the colorful, accessible, all-ages 3D platformers of the 90s dead?Answering that question apparently takes an internal game jam, a handful of Ubisoft talent, and a robot named B.U.D. that could be described as ""charming"" were that not such an understatement; This protagonist's drunken agorithmically generated animations make it relatable in ways that elude entire marketing teams with impressive budgets.That said, Grow Home is a solidly executed vertical slice of something great, not a magnum opus; Game designer or not, your head will spin with ideas for additional plants and levels that build on this foundation. Be warned, you WILL be left wanting more.Psychonauts is getting a sequel.Ukelele will follow in some large, Banjo-Kazooie shaped footprints.Only time will tell if the genre comes back in a big way, but thanks in small part to Grow Home, the 3D platformer is alive and climbing!"
,Recommended,323320,18187943,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Adam,"This game makes me happy, pure and simple. It's a crisp, beautifully stylised world, every moment of scrambling around it is fun, and the controls are wonderfully fluid and freeing.A playground of concentrated happiness. I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,323320,26482916,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,VestOfHolding,"It's solid, simple, fun, and that's about it, but that's a really good thing here.  This game doesn't need to be anything else, and it shines at what it does.  Definitely worth relaxing with this game for a few hours."
76561198125088831,Recommended,323320,25974081,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jackdevil,"Great game for passing the time, it can be hard but worthwhile!"
,Recommended,323320,14374415,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CyberBinary,"TL;DR BelowA lot of gamers say that they want innovation.  Here is a beautiful game with fun, interesting, and innovative mechanics.  The collectibles are worth collecting and it is fun to explore the many floating items.  The main point of the game is to grow a plant and connect it to floating islands.  While some people might find that boring, I thought it was enjoyable.  My only problem with the game is that I beat it within an hour.  Yes, the other 8 hours were spent exploring afterwords.  I think everyone who wants a new and interesting experience should play this game.  For everyone tight on cash, wait until a sale.  Your mileage in this game will vary depending on how much you want to complete it.TL;DRPros-Enjoyable, unique gameplay-Worthwhile collectibles-Interesting world to explore-Impressive art directionCons-Main game is very short-Some people might find this game boring-Grind-y AchievementsWait until sale/10"
,Recommended,323320,27017814,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fobdor,Charming and fun
,Recommended,323320,27028366,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bT*AMRIV,"Very fun exploration game where your character moves, climbs, and glides like an adorable drunk. Your feet actually need to land on ground individually and it's great fun seeing BUD (you) try to find his footing."
76561198059389522,Recommended,323320,26866121,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DentalDynamite,"very relaxing and charming game with great visuals and artstyle. For me the perfect game to just sit back, enjoy the game and maybe listen to a podcast or something else."
,Recommended,323320,26881962,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Conrad812,a fun little game about discovery and growing a very large flower.
,Recommended,323320,26890645,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SquidAlley,"Grow Home is everything I was looking for in a game. It's equal parts charming and fun. The controls are solid, and as you play you really feel your progression. There are multiple movement options available to you. In such a small area, you can have so much fun just testing little things out. It's a short experience, but worth every minute."
76561197970554803,Recommended,323320,16988544,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Squatingtiger,"Grow home BUD, you're drunk!"
76561198032317640,Recommended,323320,17193344,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,grislexian,Excellent exploration platformer.  Simple but gorgeous asthetics.Zoom out the camara and feel like an ant climbing a god.
,Recommended,323320,17415753,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,Better than the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
,Recommended,323320,17417485,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cogitator,"Great game, uplay not needed."
,Recommended,323320,16506619,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Wolfspirit,"So, first of all, I absolutely love this game. At less than £4 during the Summer Sale 2015 I couldn't be happier with this game - it's a cute, bobbly, messy little game that isn't frustrating, isn't particularly challenging, or completely time consuming.You play as a silly robot called B.U.D who you grow to love over the 3-9 hours you can waste away on here, and I'm definitely glad I bought it!Anybody could play this game - some parts can be confusing at a push - but I'd recommend this to anybody looking for a short, fun-filled game at little expense. Don't expect too much and you're well away. 10/10"
,Recommended,323320,16507487,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TRYER,"This is probably the open world best adventure game I have ever played. You would think it came from an indy studio, but wouldn't believe it came fromt the likes of Ubisoft, The simple goal is to reach the top, but with nice graphics, simple but great ambient music and nice atmosphere, the game is a great buy.I beat the main game and end game quest, in 5 hours and finished all the Steam Acheivements in another 3 and had fun doing it.Play time: 5 - 8 hours Bought for $5. Worth $5-$10.  5 Stars imo."
76561197984835685,Recommended,323320,16509817,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Calibas,"Not exactly a long game, but it's fun and quite satisfying."
,Recommended,323320,16509995,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NexusCrux,A very plessant experience that lets you chill out for a few hours while a small robot grows a moon sized plant to help save his home from... something implied. Beautiful visuals with soothing music and a wonderful little world to play around in.
,Recommended,323320,16509997,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cydistical,this game made me feel like I was 8 again 10/10Also I'm fairly sure 90% of the game is weird plant innuendo
76561198018328391,Recommended,323320,16511109,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bucket,"Somehow, Ubisoft had a hand in making climbing fun again."
,Recommended,323320,16511456,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,PIMPLE,"Colourful, fun little 3D platformer about exploration with a nice soothing visual & sound design. Explore caves, floating islands and grow plants skyhigh!"
76561198023772358,Recommended,323320,16515152,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Smitty werbenjagermanjensen,It was nice having a mom who loved me.
,Recommended,323320,16515986,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mediocre Onion Knight,"This is such a cute and fun game. It's really short, tons of fun, and very unique. Check it out"
,Recommended,323320,16479105,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,kerbykong,"+No UPlay rquired+Fantastic animation and physics, just moving the character around is a fun experience in itself+Beautiful open world, lots to explore+Worth the price, I even got it on sale WHICH I RECCOMMEND YOU DO RIGHT NOW-5/6 hours is probably the most you're going to get out of this game as there is only one world"
,Recommended,323320,16480335,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sou1Ace,Ive played the game a decent amount I'd say and I like it I like the collectable system that does feel rewaring andt is a very calm game. My only problem now is I just got the glide leaf and for some reason right after it I was not able to grab anything with my right hand anymore. It show the blue hand and the circle that means it grabbed but then I just fall off anyway. This really ruins the game cause it i impossible to climbor continue the game now.Please fix this as soon as possible.
,Recommended,323320,16482050,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hellopppp!,"cool, fun, good looking 3d platformer"
,Recommended,323320,16482303,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,cosmosthemouse,"It's a super great game, but super short.This is one of those games that is true to the saying ""It's not where your'e going, but how you get there"". A true Jack & The Beanstalk simulator you have B.U.D. climbing and growing an alien plant as high as you can get. At the top lies the starseed which needs to be scanned by the mothership (m.o.m.). A simple concept, but one wrong move could send this floaty robot off the edge. WEEE!The visuals are simple, but work really well fitting the space theme. As does the almost absense of music. Control works for the most part, but you'll find yourself falling a few times due to B.U.D.'s weird footwork. He's like QWERTY when he comes home on a bad hangover. But all the flopping and falling sort of make it charming. Sort of hard to explain. The only time control is at fault is when the camera angle is too close and things can go a bit crazy obstructing your view.The only large downside I can find is it's length. If you go straight for the top it should take you an hour or 2 max, but after it's done there an optional mission to scan more seeds you have to go back for."
,Recommended,323320,23700851,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Highpinghero,Just a game you can sit down and relax with
,Recommended,323320,23701654,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,iDompa,"Made by Ubisoft, Grow Home is an adventure game where you play as a robot and explore a word with a unique polygon-esque art-style. You are tasked to seek out the crystals from the extraterrestrial planet and grow the star plant to the end of the map. The protagonist is named BUD; a robot who walks like it's had a few too many beers. Along the way is M.O.M who will appear during cutscenes and will also offer assistance.Traversing through the world, you will explore new islands and eventually discover the location of the hidden crystals. Some plants can used to travel to different islands and other vegetation has mechanics enabling you to bounce lightly, hover or fly. The game also features day and night cycles.I think it's really creative that you can use different items around you (such as plants) as a form of travel. Using the over-sized daisy to help you float and descend long or steep distances is really sweet and unique it's a lot more creative than just having a jetpack.In the game world it is technically 2km in length and provides plenty of gameplay. There is room for mistakes causing you to fall and this means you have to climb up again. So, sometimes it does get a bit repetitive. Thankfully, you can teleport which is very convenient.The music is limited. I wish there was more variety. There are ways to mute it, so you can listen to your own if you wish.In conclusion, this is a fabulous game by the team at Ubisoft. I was pleasantly surprised to see an indie title by a popular well-know company like them. I didn't expect it to have a good story, but the everlasting world made up for it. I liked how the game encouraged exploration and the music was beautiful while it lasted."
76561198044118523,Recommended,323320,23812057,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dave,Fun
76561197985389894,Recommended,323320,23798722,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zookle,"This is a very simple game and a good 'time waster' type. the controls can be difficult to deal with but once you get used to it its not so bad.After a while playing it becomes a giant scavenger hunt. With the update, finding crystals is much easier.If your looking for something simple to try id recommend this."
76561198138744919,Recommended,323320,24083754,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Gruffydd,"This is a beatifully chilled out game, great for explorers and very easy on the eye. Always good to find games with a unique style of play."
,Recommended,323320,20816330,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Maline,"I had to change my review for this game, I made this review with only 3 hours of the game. After playing more, I have come to realize just how amazing this game is. Holy heck, this game literally has such a relaxing, calming atmoshphere, the soundtrack is like has a futuristic electro chill feel to iit, it's not a kind of music that is really loud as well, its kind of just there in the background. probably one of the best climbing mechanisms ever made, and really fun exploration! I misunderstood this game before, but here is a better review"
76561198009317041,Recommended,323320,24026533,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Fridays im a watermelon,very chill platafomer with nice physics based control. totaly worth checkign out despite being rather short
76561198314957570,Recommended,323320,24092579,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,stewrod197996,it keeps crashing on me can i have my money back but it looks good to me
76561197993454734,Recommended,323320,24090690,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SparkyNinja,"I got this on sale but if you enjoy this kind of game i'd say it's worth the 8 bucks.I haad to give this game a second chance before I fell in love with it.Here's why: The controls are very loose. So loose that it almost felt like I couldnt control B.U.D. very effectively. This initially turned me off. The controls (xbox controller) work by using the left and right triggers to grab/grip with his left and right hands. He can grab onto flat surfaces to kind of rock climb up and down everthing in the game. NOTE: the direction of your camera can determine where BUD is reaching and how far. Keep this in mind to keep from misgrabbing and falling which can be frustrating!After I got used to the controls and being able to anticipate how BUD moves, the game exploration waas fantastic. You are given the tast of growing this giant bean stalk-like plant up to your mother ship. Along with way you aasked to collected hidden crystals. There are 100 of them. The more you collect the easier and more manuverable BUD becomes. You unluck a jet pack which can be upgrades after finding more and more crystals. Each time it up graded it became easier to move around. You can pick up a daisy looking flower to hover for a limited time. Later on you can get a leave which is used to glide.I fell in love with the rock-climbing type of exploration. This game is about exploring and finding the hidden collectables along the way. You can unlock check points which you can teleport to later.If you're looking for an amaazing story this isn't your game. But if you want a relaxing exploration experience with some decent visuals I suggest trying this game. Again once you get the controls locked down it's very enjoyable."
,Recommended,323320,24200612,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nighthawk,Nighthawk's Score: 7.8/10Very creative simple game. Played for a solid 4+ hrs to complete. Was soothing and maddening (in a good game way) at the same time. The clunky robot physics added character but got a bit old towards the end. Glad to have played thru it.
76561198092798602,Recommended,323320,24215768,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,EnderVogel,"This is one of the best games I've played in a long time. It is short, but it's a great minimalist twist on Collectathon Platformers of the old Gen 3 consoles. If you liked Mario 64 or Banjo-Kazooie, you will love this game. The world is beautiful, and the rewards are frequent enough to keep you motivated to collect more crystals. The music is spot on and the comedic awards are funny to work on whule searching for collectables. The game runs great on old systems. Will take between 4 and 8 hours to 100% to colplete. But for the sale price it's a 10/10 collectathon game. The controls do take time to get used too, but they are by no means unpolished and are perfect for the mechanics of flight, climbing, and growing a a giant plant in low gravity."
,Recommended,323320,24040036,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Crazymrmario,gr8 m8 I r8 8/8but srsly this was a really great game!
,Recommended,323320,24036402,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,pr0s3n,Trippy and fun adventure game.  Buy it 10/10.
,Recommended,323320,23908757,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kavukamari,"Stayed up all night 100%ing this game and had a lot of funPros:-Cute low-poly style-Endearing player character-Beautiful environments and nice vibrant colors-Fun controls and abilities-Satisfying platforming-nice simple concept executed very wellCons:-A few annoying moments for completionists (like me) that normal users wont really have to deal with. I.E. Some difficult tasks and long grinds to get to 100%-Though cute and funny, the physics-based movement system has its frustrating moments when BUD doesn't do exactly what you want-It's fairly annoying having to climb back up to an area repeatedly when you make a mistake and haven't gotten the next teleporter yet, but I suppose that's a part of the challengeOverall, I liked this game a lot. It's more than worth what I paid for it (four dollars). I have a difficult time getting myself to pay more than five dollars for indie games these days, but if I had known how much I would like this game, I'd have paid the full price. If you like platformers that use a lot of vertical space and flying, then you'll probably like this game."
,Recommended,323320,23976000,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,d0rk,"I've been eyeballing this game for a while now and finally picked it up on the summer sale.If you're bored with a lot of the fps/zombie/pixel art platformer/crafting/etc games and are looking for something different or something that feels ""new"", you may want to try this.Exploration is rewarded and encouraged, not only exploring the game world, but also discovering/figuring out  (and maybe abusing) the climbing mechanics and player abilities.The gameplay feels like something new. I guess in ways you could call this a 3d platformer/physics sandbox.You'll see a little exclamation point on new stuff (if its important) that briefly tells you what it is, but its simple enough that you'll just sort of figure it out on your own by exploring/playing anyway.No press f to pay respects crapI've not yet found any annoying invisible walls blocking interesting looking areas.I haven't found any button mashing cutscenes  or any cutscenes reallyit runs on linux, which is a plus for me.Ubisoft is crap, but no uplay is required here.Replay value is probably pretty high due to the exploring/mechanics of the game.Graphics may be a little ""simple"" if you're looking for something to show off a new video card, this probably isn't the game for it, but it still looks fairly nice if you don't mind the ""low poly"" look.The camera is occasionally wonky if you get upside down in a weird corner , but its not bad or frequent enough to make you want to rage quitI'd recommend using a gamepad of some sort, a mouse will work, but it feels a bit awkward."
,Recommended,323320,23986948,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DictionaryWrites,"It took me a little while to get used to the controls, but the game is really, honestly enjoyable; it's cute, with an interesting game play, and it's surprisingly enjoyable to explore onwards and upwards."
,Recommended,323320,23959858,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,peeved pistachio,"Probably one of my favorite single player games as of late, very fun to jump around as B.U.D, and explore the world. The only real downside is that it is a realitivly short game, even though I feel like I got my money out of it and I can't wate untill the sequal comes out. Over all solid 8.5/10 really fun game!"
