user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198028325917,Recommended,323490,13335082,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,TamaSaga,"Here're my preliminary observations:Graphics:Very pretty.  The graphics are watercolor-esque style.4:3 aspect ratio (Not widescreen).  Full-screen is achieved by hitting the windows maximize button.Story:The game summary mentions 7 princesses.  Only 3 are romanceable.  A 4th girl, the head maid, is romanceable with the addition of the DLC.  The news states that the DLC is included with each copy, however I'm not sure if this will apply in the future.While the story flows for the most part, there are moments where the transition is abrupt and the flow is broken.  I'm not sure if it's deliberate.For instance, there was a scene where you're teaching Finn and she falls asleep.  Then, when you try to wake her she's terrified.  For all of 2-3 clicks.  Then suddenly she's calm and apologetic.   You get the feeling she's either schizophrenic or there's a step missing.Then, there is another scene where you're at the training hall on the first day, and you find her acting really different...extremely confident I suppose.  She asks you to teach her like you promised and you ask her whether she has androphobia.  You try to comfort her......and cut to a childhood memory of Finn's.  You wake up after that memory is complete.How did you get from the training hall to your bed?  What happened in the middle?I haven't noticed this on the other girl's routes yet...I wonder if Finn's route is a bad end or a joke route.Sound:Music is peaceful, appropriate, and doesn't feel repetitive.The battle music is rather interesting.  It's the first time I heard battle music arranged this way.Voices are in Chinese.  Voice acting seems to be a hit or miss thing.  (Whoever's VA'ing Dyanna sounds like her mouth is right on the microphone.  Or maybe there's an echo in the background?)  (Whoever's VA'ing Leira and her maid does a good job though.)Main character (you) is unvoiced.Gameplay:Visual Novel.  Branching appears to be determined by a combination of choices and the number of times you visit a girl.There's a ""dictionary"" button at the top of the screen.  I'm not sure what it's for since I can't use it yet.The ""return"" button returns you to the previous set of choices.  Failing that, it returns you to the start of the scene.Translation:Much improved since it was released last year.  The prologue makes sense now.The translation itself does not appear to be machine translated, i.e. since the writing takes the context of the scene into account.Saving / Loading:For those of us that like to make a save point for each branch, you get 40 save slots.  39 are traditional slots.  1 is reserved for quicksave.You can only quicksave when you reach the screens where you're picking the girl to visit.  I think the solution is to quicksave, then visit each girl in succession and save normally.Misc NotesMy firewall picked up an outgoing connection from the game when it starts.  I blocked it and the game seems to run fine.  Dunno what it's for though.ConclusionI'll recommend for now since the game itself seems interesting.  I'll need to update this review as I play more later."
76561198056103942,Recommended,323490,14424485,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cinderblaze3,"This game is really a mixed bag. In one hand, the art style of the characters and backgrounds are gorgeous, the music beautiful and relaxing. The romanceable characters are very unique and deep, and I found myself genuinely interested in finding out more about them and they're well being. (Be warned though, if you're planning on choosing Leira as a romance option, you will need A LOT of patience. Her rudeness can be really hard to take, and at some points your perspective will switch to her's, and the game neglects to state this, leading to some confusion.)On the other hand, the translation is absolutely awful, and english-speaking players will need to read a lot of the lines over and over again to understand what's going on, and there are not that many different music tracks in the game, making long playthrough's a little tiring.Oh, and a little advice; even though there are multiple paths to take in the game, you can only choose one path and stick to it. I completed Lin's route, and on my second playthrough, decided to take Leira's path. As mentioned before, Leira can be an exhausting romance choice, as she insults you much more often than shows affection to you, so eventullay, I got sick of it. I thought I would take a break from the *cough*♥♥♥♥♥*cough* and visit Lin. And the VN immideatley launched one of the early romance scenes for Lin's story, even though I had never once visited her in the game before, making it very awkward when the main character said, ""I know our meetings in the forest have not been a coincidence.""Um, what meetings in the forest?So, I decided to just shrug that weird moment off and go on to the next day... when I was immediatley expelled from the garden and failed the game.In a nutshell; after a certain point in your chosen path, if you even GLANCE at another option in the game, you're hit with a game over instantly. I guess those princesses assumed I was courting them both. You can just imagine how much this ticked me off.The thing is, this ending would be perfectly fine if they had programmed it better, by say, making the player need to visit a princess a certain amount of times before romance with them becomes possible, and then visiting each one with romantic intent, and NOT allowing the game to jump between romantic scenes at random!So when you do remember to visit one and ONLY one princess after a few in-game days, there's still not that many important decisons you can make that greatly affects the outcome, such as in other VN's like Long Live The Queen. The biggest decisons you make is whether to tell Dyanna that she screwed up baking cookies or not. The result: This visual novel takes the word 'novel' a little too seriously, as you passively click the mouse like crazy, following the story in it's own set path.However, if you're an avid reader like me, you can probably look past this lack of interaction and choice as the characters and plot make the ride very engaging, and the game itself is beautiful to look at and listen to. And no matter how bad the translation is, I will always have a blast brewing Finn's head into the princesses tea. (I think that may be another glitch...)So, if you like reading, gorgeous backgrounds, amazing music, anime art styles and suprisingly good romance stories, you'll feel right at home, but I would still recommend waiting for it to go on sale or for the developer's to fix the translation. If you demand important decisions leading to endless possibilties of endings, high interactive content, and freedom of choice, you should look elsewhere for your next VN treasure."
76561198078304977,Recommended,323490,13687584,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jerome,"I was able to clear one route for Dyanna, Lin, and Finn; three routes for Leira. From this, I do think that a lot of things are lost in translation because of cultural barriers, and to make matters worse the translation is quite terrible; as I read in the forums the translation is now being reviewed.Oblivious Garden ~Carmina Burana is pretty much similar to other VN's, you move around the garden and go to places where you can interact with its characters. Your decisions will direct which storyline you will go through. In some stages of the game you will be asked to prepare a tea, this will lead you to a minigame. You'll decide which ingridients to use, set the temperature and time for brewing. The game may end early if you somehow suddenly got kicked out of the garden (This was how my first game ended). If you were able to do you job well you may be able to proceed to one of the heroine routes.I had a hard time understanding it but the story is really good and interesting. The protagonist was presented well,  and some of the characters are pretty unpredictable that you'd be puzzled out on how to interact with them.It was a joy listening to the voice acting, there was nothing that I didn't like (This is my first Chinese VN though; I can't understand what they were saying). I like the art and the soundtrack. The OP is what I like the most in this game, I don't know how many times I watched it, really loved the music.If you ever find yourself playing this VN, I recommend that you start trying to get to Finn's route first, finish Lin and Leira's before going on to Dyanna. I believe that this is the best way to experience the VN because with this you can have a finale with the Miracle Play."
,Recommended,323490,17276769,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,fallenfromnero,"Amazing game with an incredible story! Just absolutely fell in love with the characters. Definitely great to break away from the typical VN, no school girls, no stereotypical protagionist, nice break from the usual japanese voice overs with the chinese voice overs.I really love how in depth the story is, more of a book than most VNs. Irell is a great protagionist, how haunted he is by his sins and past. I never cared for the protagionists of other VNs, he really stood out from the bunch.The voice overs were great, especially Leira's. She really sold the taunting, cruel speaking character, but was also able to sound cheerful when needed.The music was superb, recommend buying the soundtrack.The girls are easy to fall in love with. I really wanted and wondered why Marian wasn't a choice to fall in love with but after doing Leira's story, I saw why (You'll see why).I really liked how the world had religion, magic, and other things but didn't feel the need to go in to depth with it all.10/10. Playing again for sure. For the price of this game and DLC, recommend for anyone who loves VNs or just a great read all together.PS: Be careful on Leira's story. You may lose your head."
76561197981558705,Recommended,323490,13374189,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,☭Eden Code☭,"Apart from the glaring translation shortfalls, Oblivious Garden ~Carmina Burana is one of the better visual novel style games to ported to Steam. This is a CHINESE made and voiced game and buyers should be aware of that before they consider anything else. While it isn't too big of a deal for me, some people on the forums are quite upset about it.Graphics/Art - 5/10The backgrounds looks horrendous; it's almost like they went into paint and brushed some pictures together. The character models on the other hand look relatively crisp and workable. Some characters have a couple awkward postures and the sprites aren't overly polished compared to something like If My Heart Can Fly, but it's passable.Sound/Music - 9/10The soundtrack is phenomenal and I'm going to give them props for voicing most if not all of the female lines. That being said, the Chinese voice actors sound quasi-amateurish but compared to most of the VN's on steam that lack any form of voice-acting, it's still a welcome addition.Translation - 6/10This is where the game falls flat. If you are fluent with English and aren't afflicted with any mental handicaps, you will be able to make out ALL of the scripts. BUT, the English translation seems like it was made by people with English as a secondary or tertiary language. It's slightly better than the machine translations I would be getting off Atlas with a modified dicitonary so tbh it's doable.A welcome addition to the Steam repertoire of visual novels. I am thrilled that more Chinese made ones are making it onto the market and hope there's more to come. Given the price, this 5-10 hr game is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,323490,17622851,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,shiaakuma,"Of the visual novels I've played, this is probably my favorite so far.The artwork is lovely and the character design well done.  The music works well with the setting.  The character voices sound fine to me.  As with all translated VNs, there are some occasional clunks in the text, but I didn't feel it was bad.  I can't comment on the translation like I might with a Japanese VN as I don't speak any dialect of Chinese, but nothing in the text seemed overly hinky that would hint at a poor translation.These are just basic good points you can find in a lot of VNs.What really made this one stand out, in my opinion, is the vast difference in the stories for each path.  Most of the VNs I've read have had pretty much the same plot regardless of what path you're trying to follow, with unique scenes and dialogues inserted in based on your choices.  In this case, without spoiling anything, the entire progression of the plot is different.  Each girl's path is written individually so that if you finish, for example, Leila's path and then go back and play Dyanna's path, the story is brand new (and each plot is VERY different from the others).Thanks to the real replayability of this sort of ""four-stories-in-one"" novel combined with the well-drawn graphics, I can't recommend it enough.  I picked it up on sale but would cheerfully have paid full price for the  amount of playtime and enjoyment I got out of it!"
,Recommended,323490,13352300,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,UmMyNameIsMat,"I love VNs (Visual Novels). This one in particular is pretty awesome. Without spoiling to much of the VN, the artwork and background music is fabulous. The story for the most part is pretty good and each Princess is unique to their own peers, especially with their history/background story. There are 7 Princesses and 2 Maids that stand out. Only 3 Princesses and 1 Maid are options for an ending, maybe more in the future updates? (The staff has stated that it is not 100% done and Finn's chapter will not be a free DLC in future dates, as it stated ""Price glitch indeed, we'll fix it asap"")The Mini-game Finn's Tea Time I thought was good but is also kind of pointless. It does not really affect the story besides the Princesses/Maids giving their opinion on how good/bad your tea tasted. Would of loved it if making the best Tea/crafting a S rank Tea gives you a unique art with each of the Princesses or something of that nature. A little more information on how to craft a Tea would be helpful then whats on the illustrated option. On the illustrated option, it will open 3 tabs.-Materials: Explains what the material (Ingredient) is such as what Fragrance is produces, if it is a Seed/Fruit/Flower/ect.., is it Sweet/Bitter, ect...-Tea: Unless you crafted the tea itself, the discription box will hint you on what Materials you may need to craft that Tea.-Exit: Do I really need to explain what this does?You start at level 1. As you sucessfully craft a Tea, you will level up. The higher your level, you get more Materials to make higher level Tea. You earn more recipes for Tea as well when you level up. There are 4 ranksing you can earn when you craft a Tea, from D to A. D being the worse pretty much means the Materials you used to make Tea does not make Tea at all. If you earn a C or higher rank, it means you did craft a Tea BUT it does not tell you why you earned that rank. Did I put to much dosage? Did I use the wrong Temperature? Did I not put enough Time into it?I've played many VNs and Eroges ranging from G-senjou no Maou, Fate/Stay Night, Clannad, Little Busters, Grisaia no Kajitsu, Tears to Tiara, My GF Is The President, Kamidori Alchemy Meister, Daibanchou (Big Bang Age), MQG, Galaxy Angel, the list goes on. And yes, most of those VNs I do own the Japanese physical/digital copy unless there was a english release. Now for the ulitmate question: Is the game worth the $15 dollars (or cheaper with Steam sales/discounts)? In my opinion on December 13th, 2014, Yes. That does not mean it comes with it own set of problems.VOICESMajority of the VNs that come out are normally from Japan which means English translation with Japanene voices; HOWEVER, this VN is Chinese which means English translation with Chinese voices, granted it could be in Japanese voices but thats not the point. I have no problem listening to another language but other people may not find this VN as attrative because of the voices, which is Ironic because some people prefer Silent VNs while others criticize VNs for the lack of voices. Most Main Protagonist are silent because it suppoes to be seen on your point of view as the Main Character. very rarely are some voiced but for me personally I would love to hear the Main Character's voiceTRANSLATIONTranslation plays a big factor for VNs, that goes without saying (Probably the biggest most important one for most people). For the most part, this VN is diffidently a enjoyable read in English. It is not machine translated and some minor sentences do need editing but as I stated before, I've played many other VNs with machine translation and this VN does not fall into that category. For the most part you can read it in English with no problems understanding what the VN is trying to explain to you.CHARACTERS And Their PROGRESSIONCharacters and their Progression in the VN play another big factor for VNs. This VN has no problem making each Princess/Maid unique to their peers. If I had a problem with it, it would be future releases for this VN. Finn is a free DLC at the moment but the staff releasing the updates have clearly stated that its a price glitch that they will fix in the future which pretty much states that they will be charging people for Finn's chapter of the game at a future date. Also, anyone whos played the VN will know that there are 7 Princesses and 2 Maids that stand out in this VN. The game is not 100% translated/completed which means we are missing 4 Princesses Arc and 1 Maid Arc if they do make all of the Princesses/Maids a possible ending. The only negative I would say is when you unlock the Character's Albums, it does not tell you if you unlocked 100% of their artwork for that Character, if it was a good/bad/true ending, and that sort of detail.ARTWORK AND MUSICThe art style and choice of music is another big factor for VNs. This VN artwork and music are fabulous. I have no problem with the music and seeing how creative people can make a Princess (female in general) look so different from one another is always fantasic to see. Some people like myself will love it, others will not find it as attrative.MINI-GAMESMini-games are a rarity in VNs, especially ones that stand out. Finn's Tea Time in my opinion I like but it really does not serve any purpoes besides making the Princesses/Maids comment on how good/bad your Tea is. It does not change any ending nor does it affect the story which means some people will find it a complete waste of time. I like the idea but sadly has no outcome in the game so it not as rewarding as it should be. Maybe a unique Background with the Princess would work, just my wishful thinking. This part is kind of off topic but related to Mini-games. In Little Busters, there is a Player VS AI battle system that takes place (random and funny) and that will affect some endings you can earn in the game. The main Mini-game in that game is obviously the baseball mechanic. It is fun, rewarding, and diffidently affects a ending of the game if you win or lose.PHYSICAL/DIGITAL COPIESSince the game is released on Steam, it means it is a digital copy. While some people like myself would prefer a physical copy of the VN BUT I say it is better to own any copy of the game then not having a copy of it at all. Sword Art Online: Hollow Fragment is guilty of this as well and a perfect example to use. In the US (United States), it is only available through PSN (Playstation NetWork) on the PSV (Playstation Vita) which means it is a digital copy; HOWEVER, if you bought the Chinese Physical copy of the game that comes with English translation  (granted it not 100% but having translation is better then not having any at all), you now have a Physical copy of Sword Art versus the Digital copy of it.As I stated before, I do not regret buying this VN at all; however, it may not be for everyone. If your a VN lover, this is by all means worth the $15, I find it a bargain compared to other VNs I've purchased. If you judge a book by its cover, this may not be for you unless it has sparked your interest."
,Recommended,323490,13554838,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"First off let me just say this game is fantastic. It is a great piece of work. The game is a typical VN with choices, time playing through, and a sense of dating and options. What I recommend is that you buy it and try it yourself. The ONLY thing I will warn you is the VA. It is in only one language and the text is in english. What I seem to dislike about this is that they had the image, then you hear the character speak, it's just not ""fluid"". I give credit to the VA and the game creators though for trying however not all Voices work out well and it doesn't hurt to have someone speak the language it's in or keep it silent or even just have small lines in a sublime manner that make them want more. However I digress. The game's OP hit me like a rock. It made me sink. I went to start the game, wonderful story telling right off. Then I see the characters, text pass, GUI. It is an incredible piece of work. It's just the voice. I don't mind it but if it just doesn't seem to fit the character. Now that might just be my opinion but I'll be honest, it's too soft. I expected something more like if it was in this scenario with characters, there was a more ""other"" tone to the personality. Here I hear some of it but it just doesn't flow together. Sure I can turn off voices but I have to put this critically. It doesn't always work. The girls are nice, the choices good, and the plot makes you think. The days pass and work like a typical VN Dating Sim. Now as I go about this, I have a Mini Game or two. KUDOs to them for this. Not all do and let's be honest, that was a nice touch. I could have recommended this game a 5 but the voice set it down by 1 point but in fairness I will give it a 4.8/5. Reason, you did so much so well, it should not stop the quality the work produced. I give credit, it's one of the games that hit my list and it hit me well. I just cannot emphasize the VOICE enough though... Hnrgh... Still great."
76561198095320235,Not Recommended,323490,13361124,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Infinite,"The story and the characters are interesting, personally i like it but the translation is bad, very bad. Many of the conversations are very unclear and it feels like a 6 year old child wrote it. Unless it's properly translated i would not recommend this."
,Recommended,323490,13432303,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Katyusha,"Great Visual Novel here on Steam.The stories are extremely well written.Sure the translations may need a bit more editing and work but the developers tried their best and its not like it's impossible to understand what's written.  There are plenty of translations, official translations, that are are worse than this.Also, the art is absolutely gorgeous.If you are a fan of Visual Novels then I definately recommend buying this.Also you can become the Tea Master and Finn best girl."
,Recommended,323490,13450660,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Earlier this year, the game Oblivious Garden ~Carmina Burana was listed as a game looking to get the green light, and within just a few days of being posted, it was lit by the community.   Just by watching the trailer, I knew this would be an enjoyable visual novel since the music and art style is what got my attention.   Several months later, it has finally been released, and although it is not perfect, it is still a very well done an enjoyable VN.StoryThe story is simply about a former General who ran away from a war that was already a loss, but by doing so, he is humiliated for being a coward for running away.    After some time, he is then summoned by the Royals, and is told to train seven princesses the art of fencing for an upcoming Dance event.   And with that, the story flows based off your choices.   Do you talk to princess A, or princess B?   Do you act c*cky and bold, or noble and respectful?   Early on, there are ways of being able to 'do it all', but shortly after that, you have to make your choice in who you want to pursue or which ones you want to focus on and which ones you want to ignore.   I have only started, and i can tell that there are some choices that make an impact, even if they are small for now.    For those who are new to Visual Novels, I will briefly explain how they work.    Visual novels are simply novels that are have background pictures, background sounds and/or music, and have minimal text to read along or listen to.   The way a story goes in most VNs, is that you make choices, and based off that, the story can change and even the ending can change.  An example would be that if you were told to not be rude in leaving someone without saying good bye, then doing it again, will lead to the character to think negatively of you.   For more explanation, just google it and read.Game MechanicsThis is a visual novel, so there are no mechanics per se, however, there are the usual VN controls such as game saves, HUD remover (for screenshots), and basic audio adjusters.  Overall, they work as any normal VN should, however, I wish that the ability to 'go back' would be more than just viewing a list of what was said, but rather it take you back to the scene itself.Sounds/MusicVery much like how a VN is in terms of music style.   Each princess seems to have their own theme, and there are various themes for whatever the occasion is.   Its very enjoyable to listen to, and even if you forget who the person is, you can possibly remember them based off their song, or atleast get a feel for how they are, based off their song.  The sounds used in certain scenes are fitting, like sword clashes when there was a fencing match, or footsteps when someone was approaching from behind.   It might not be much, but its those little touches that give it the extra boost of enjoyment.ExtrasThere are cards, and thus backgrounds, emoticons, and badges.  All of which are nice, simple and look greatOverallThis is a very enjoyable VN that is great to play.   The visuals are amazing, the sounds are amazing, and the story is amazing.   With all of that said there is one minor issue that should be taken into account, but not as a deal-breaker.   The creators are Chinese, and english was not their primary language.  With that said, there are various grammar issues and awkward wording.  Oddly enough, spelling seems to be fine but the grammar needs some work and there are various typos as well.   They mentioned that they currently have someone working on better translations, which might take some time since there is a LOT of text to go through, but in good time, they plan on having an update that address most, if not all, of the issues.   I recommend this to those who like visual novels, or those who simply like novels that have hints of romance but have not done a visual novel before."
,Not Recommended,323490,26456701,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Brownninja97,"This is probably the hardest VN that ive had to grind though.By that I dont mean that there is so sort of technical challenge no it was about understanding the storyline which was a complete mess for me.I've completed two of the storylines so far sadly it was a while back so I cant remember the names however that isnt teh problem here.The issue I had was trying to understand what the heroines were trying to achieve and what their motivations were but also trying to understand what they are trying to impose on the protagonist which a lot of the time didnt make much sense. This VN relies on you filling in the blanks a lot of the time furthermore the protagonist is a war veteran but a lot of the time he doesnt really act like it apart from the PTSD hat you see from him everynow and then.There is a lot of nice things about this, the art style is pretty nice, its high resolution and the music does its job(its not particularly amazing but doesnt tear you away from it as well). The minigames are unique and interesting as well.I'm not sure if my expectations were too high coming into this because I had heard a lot of fantastic things about this from a lot of people that have read this before so it was a downwards spiral sadly.So in the end I can't recommend this but I think if you are interested then read the positive reviews as well because this is only my opinion and it might be that it clashes with my expectations but i could meet yours.So in the end this a VN that succeeds in just about every sector apart from its storyline which is simpily confusing and results in it being very hard to connect with the characters, without you feeling in invested in the characters it becomes a lot harder to want to finish it."
,Recommended,323490,18977405,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Insomniac,The soundtrack is obstructively good. I often find myself entirely forgetting about what's going on in the game and just listening. Next time make it more mediocre so it doesn't distract music lovers.
,Recommended,323490,18859714,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ZyphyrX,"The only bad thing in my opinion is that the characters are speaking in a very formal Mandarin and way too accurate. I bet nobody would speak like that.And the translation is not very accurate.I'm Chinese, so I know... ..."
,Recommended,323490,28957084,Posted: 2 January,all,† Lady Stoneheart †,"Simply amazing. I have never felt so happy and incentivized to do something before. In a time of depression, this game actually got me, when played in a certain routine, to get up and dream of the stories told, to imagine, to feel. There are a few typos but i am happy either way.Thank you DigitalEZ for publishing this and thank you to everyone who helped make this."
,Recommended,323490,21954315,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,CB007,"To sum up the situation, this VN is full of lovely artwork and nice music, but has a translation that often veers into the incomprehensible. Some full routes, and some partial routes are perfectly readable, but then you reach sections that seems like they were never reviewed by a native english speaker. Which is really a shame because the character storylines and themes are quite iteresting and fairly atypical for the genre. The story touches on the horrors of war, redemption, on Gods and magic, the lives of these princesses trapped in their beautiful cage. There are a good number of achievements to collect as well. Overall I do still recommend playing, but do not make this your first Visual Novel. And wait until you get a good discount, it's only reasonable thanks to the unfinished nature of the writing."
76561198046961131,Recommended,323490,18163104,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jpw1991,"The plot in this is really good. I've only done Finn's story so far, and it moved me to tears. The characters are all very complex and I really liked the Chinese voice overs. The protagonist is the best of any VN I've played. I'm not sure I'll ever be able to complete the stories for the other people in that garden... I wouldn't be able to choose any of them over Finn.Oblivious Garden is well worth its price. Artwork is quality, music is good, English translation has the occasional hiccup although it was never bad - the occasional ""your"" being used instead of ""you're"" or an odd grammatical error.Please developers, make a sequel! Please! I need to knowthat Finn's ok!"
76561198060604141,Recommended,323490,17180476,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,cynestsadista,"First, I want to point out that a lot of people are complaining about poor translation. I have played the game thoroughly and, for the most part, it is properly translated. It starts to get iffy toward the end but it's bearable.I think many players may be confusing translation with 1st and 3rd person writing. In this game, it switches between both and the only indication is the lack of a name for the speaker. This applies to Irell as well as the Princesses so it can get confusing rather quickly.The writting format is pretty basic but enough to get descriptions and thoughts across. There's a heavy focus on how Irell Reis feels about every little thing. Some dialogue gets repeated despite already encountering it based on who you are following, ect. Probably about half of the dialogue boxes should be merged together or removed entirely to reduce redunancy.The game would do a lot better overall just by enhancing the dialogue to make it more relevant. It would also be more believable and immersive if the vocabulary wasn't juvenile and overused; ex: ""cute"", ""plebian"" and nobility titles. I would like to see the game revised this way in the future, or have their next game written more eloquently.Some of the voices sound like they were recorded at a low quality. Personally, I listen to the first few lines of a character and then turn it off. Most of them sound identical aside from tone. I enjoy imagining their voices on my own, with or without the tone implied by the creator.It's very difficult to know who you've picked to follow or how to continue to properly follow them without a lot of trial-and-error, unless you use one of the player made guides. There's a few on Steam that work well. I recommend using the Story Line portions first. After that, you can replay the game to get any of the Achievements missed. Holding the space bar down will rush through all of the dialogue. It should only take a few minutes to get them this way so definitely enjoy the story line first.Most of what you read is based on original lore and backstory for the characters. Once you've triggered an ending there is a -lot- of reading. You will need to get every ending to learn every characters story as only a few interact per play through. Also, keep in mind that not all of the character stories are updated at the same time.Each ending varies in length. One of them was a good 3 hours of reading after the choices ran out. I didn't expect this as it was my first playthrough so it quickly became a case of ""when is this going to end?"" for 2 of those 3 hours. If you like plot twists, and the ones in this game can get ridiculous, as well as learning about characters then it will keep you playing until the end. Fair warning, it gets ridiculous.The artwork, for some of the characters, was very well done. I would have liked to have seen more stills of events, especially during major scenes and Dyanna's finale. It would have made the bloated dialogue more bearable and the story more immersive overall.The UI needs some work. All of the options in the menu takes a little bit longer than normal to load and usually feels like the game hasn't registered the request. By the time I move the mouse over and click the option a second time it loads. The Quick Save & Quick Load options are not explained. You can only manually save or load during dialogue where it is listed to the right.[Having now completed the game, I will say that overall it has a low quality plotline from character to character. Personality preference will determine how much you enjoy the game. If you get bored with a character, I recommend either holding space bar and finishing to get the achievements or drop them entirely and move on to someone else.]It's worth it at 50% off, plus free DLC.6.5/10 could be a potential 8/10 as a VN with polishing I recommended."
76561198169078438,Recommended,323490,23669244,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,toasted almond,"I had a lot of money on me, right? I was like ""Imma pick two visual novels"". I'm glad Oblivious Garden was one of them.I'll make this a short review by saying JUST GET IT.It was worth my time. The 4 routes are all unique and have different and fun experiences in each one, and the overall design and style just felt right. Also, the narration and dialogue? On point. But, as you know me well, I must do a thorough and lengthy review so... Read if you want ^^GO DOWN BELOW FOR PROS AND CONS-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------StoryFor a visual novel, story is everything. It has to be immersive and get you to draw opinions about the characters. This VN does just that: it made me feel emotions, as if I was Irell (main protagonist). The story, in short, focuses on Irell, a former-general who killed countless people in a war long ago. Stripped of his status, he is spared life by the Emperor who tells him to go to the Oblivious Garden and train the 7 princesses for the annual Miracle Play. Only 3 princesses have routes, however all 7 are in the game in various ways. Each route explains a different story that all revolves in the same universe, one princess being vastly different than the rest. Since it is a VN, there are also good and bad endings. All the good endings are logical and are not really confusing (minus Dyanna's ending). Overall, it has a simple yet large amount of lore you can derive from it, and I just eat that stuff up! Other than this, the endings all have a trend, usually. It kind of bothers me that it can be done easily, butthe emperor gets killed. Is he not guarded well enough or something? lolCharactersCharacters... VITAL to a VN. Characters HAVE to be likable and serve a purpose. Oblivious Garden does this well. The only complaint I have is that there are a few characters I would've loved to know more about, but sadly did not get the joy of seeing much. However, the main route characters (Dyanna, Lin, Leira and Finn) are each very unique and have rather long routes, Finn's being the shortest. I really like how the dev team made each character have a unique issue with Irell or themselves, and the unique features/traits that everyone had (I want to explain but it would spoil a lot). But overall, excellent character design and personalities. I loved them!Gameplay/choicesVNs don't generally have much gameplay, however this is not a kinetic visual novel: there are choices. The choices in this game are generally challenging as well (especially with Leira), so you have to actually pay attention and try to pick the best thing to do. Choices go from 2 to 4 choices, and are not THAT frequent BUT they are at the beginning and middle of the route. Ending choices get very crucial to your ending status.A unique feature this game has in an in-game mini-game called ""Finn's Teatime"" where you use your ingredients you have gotten to make new recipes and get the correct amount of everything to make the best tea. It sounds very simple, and it is, but it's also quite fun to get the achievements associated with it. Tea makes a frequent appearance in the routes (as this is a formal atmosphere).WritingThe writing in this game, hands down is GORGEOUS. Storytelling at it's finest, ladies and gents. While there are a few flaws (from translation) overall it is very well-written. I didn't notice any sort of plot holes within the writing, and the dialogue for each character was pretty good. Their inner-thoughts and such fit very well with their personalities. The only awkward thing was when the dialogue box switched over to one of the princesses, and it was difficult to tell who was talking until they said ""I, Leira, think..."". I knew Irell was not talking, but when multiple princesses were involved, things got a little confusing. But this is no reason to dis the game, and this is only a small flaw that occurs maybe 3 times in the entire game so I would not worry about it.ProsExcellent character design and personalities.Interesting main character.Depth in general to things.CGs are great.Complex story with a simple outer-shell.Fun mini-game.Good amount of gameplay.ConsRe-used backgrounds.Not a logical ending sometimes (nit-picking).DLC achievements.Finn's route was a little short.Leira's ending was rushed IMO.Final OpinionIf I was to score it, solid 8/10. There were not that many flaws, and the ones that were weren't huge and contributed to any gameplay. I cannot wait until the sequel comes out, and I will absolutely purchase it! Thanks for reading, and consider buying this game if you are into VNs!"
,Recommended,323490,18280831,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,∮Ñ ๑ î r ∈ ♫,"(此為英文評論,中文讀者請閱覽此文章的第二部分)Oblivious Garden ~Carmina Burana is a chinese visual novel which contains several different endings, making it a dating sim. Unlike other visual novels which are either a complete comedy, or a VN with a total tragic story, this VN contains both kinds endings, the bad and the good endings are completely opposing and are in 2 different extremities.The story involves a man named Irell Reis as the protagonist, he had been fighting for his empire during several years and had always won, but lost an important war. After this, his title of duke was removed and he was expelled for a duration of 3 years before entering this 'oblivious garden'. There are in total 7 princesses, the story goes over 3 of the princesesses and a maid who is working in this garden.With Lin, you will find her second ''spirit'' inside her body and will find their relationship together with the emperor, you will meet the emperor in the end, most moving one for me ^.^.With Dyanna, you will discover her forgotten memories which took place 1000 years ago and will also confront the emperor in the end but for another reason, this route is probably the longest.With Leira, you will know her own history as well as her families, and will still meet the emperor in the end. This route contains a good and a bad ending, with ''almost'' no supernatural content involved.With Finn, the maid, you will find out how she is related to Lin as well as many kinds of difficulties that she was forced to face, the emperor will be waiting for you in the ending just like the 3 previous routes. This route is the shortest.Depending on your choices, these stories can go differently, every route has it's specialities, some of them contains both positive and negative endings,but most of them ends happily,there are also some extra bad endings that will occur if you change the choices of routes for each characters too many times. I won't go further in since you can find more details in the strategy guide.From the perspective of comedies such as nekopara or sakura series, this VN contains less whimsical or funny content, the story of Oblivious Garden is rather serious but more touching and beautiful. If you are to find the funniest route which possesses the most jokes, I will suggest you to try Leira's route, the dialogue between Irell and Leira are not too friendly (no bad words) but sometimes funny ( since Leira is a tsundere x) ). Leira and Lin are my personally favourite characters, I started with Lin's route at first when I began to go through this visual novel.To the graphics I found this game a bit inferior than the other VNs, but it doesn't matter a lot to me, the most important point is the story. I have to admit that the soundtrack of this game is really nice, just lacking a bit of horror musics. There are Opening, Identical Conflict which I've fallen in love with for example. I would rather recommend the music fans among the VN fans to buy it's original soundtrack if you like this game. (I didn't forget about the translation issues, for me, it was fine because I had played entirely in chinese, sorry for not giving an opinion on it).Positive remarks ++nice storyline, very touching+multi-endings+nice soundtracks+characters in huge contrasts in terms of personalities+additional content from dlc white day and memories+graphics of the images in the album are well made+fantasy content making the story even more exciting and more interesting+nice background imagesNegative remarks --graphics not very well made in general-(little issue) lack of horror background soundtracks which can create an atmosphere of fear in some moments遺忘庭園是一本中國式視覺小說, 其中包含著許多各種不同的結局。不同於其他以喜劇,鬧劇或是以悲劇收場的VN,這本小說不僅包含快樂和悲傷結局,比起另一本巨作’’刻痕’’以14種不同的結局所呈現的悲傷場面,遺忘庭園把好的和壞的結局以兩種不同的極端予以呈現。故事裡敘述著一名叫做艾爾‧里斯的男子的生平經歷,從一名連戰皆捷的將軍,由於在一次重要的戰役中被敵方用巫術暗算而慘敗,轉變為一名不僅被剝奪了爵位,而且被放逐了四年的’’叛徒’’。三年後,經過皇帝的傳昭,進入了遺忘庭園並成為了七位公主的劍術導師兼神積劇主演。故事內容包含了其中的三位公主,以及另外一名在遺忘庭園服務的女僕主管。如果玩家選擇了冷湛凝(琳)的故事線,便會在故事中發現琳的第二人格以及他們與皇帝的關係,玩家將會在最後的戰鬥前遇見皇帝。如果玩家選擇了狄安娜的故事線,將會逐漸地找出狄安娜在1000年前所遭遇的慘烈戰役及眾神分裂的前因後果,在最後關頭遇上皇帝並與其決一死戰。個人覺得這條故事線是四條線中最長,也是最令人感動的一條線。如果玩家選擇了萊拉的故事線,就會逐漸發掘出萊拉自己的來歷和其王族所遭遇的一連串事件,在故事結束前也會遇到皇帝。這條線有一個好結局和一個壞結局,是唯一一條幾乎沒有任何與’’魔法’’相關的內容。如果玩家選擇了菲茵的故事線,那就會看到菲茵和琳之間的關係,亦會發現其被皇帝虐待的事實和來龍去脈,和其他故事線一樣,皇帝仍然會在最後關頭出現。此線為所有故事線中最短的。視乎玩家的選擇而定,這些故事會分出多條故事內容,每一條線都有他們的特點和必玩之處,其中有些悲慘的結局,但大部分都是好的。玩家也可以在一直選不同角色線的情況下遇上一,兩個壞結局。就這樣,剩下的請玩家自行發掘,選擇的方法的話,攻略裡都有寫。相較於像nekopara或sakura系列以鬧劇為主題的視覺小說,遺忘庭園比較正經,也比較動人。如果玩家想問出最會讓人笑的故事線的話,個人會回答萊拉線,其故事線不但描寫出了主角艾爾和萊拉在一開始所擁有的不愉快的回憶,同時也包含了許多惡搞人的笑話。個人最喜歡萊拉和琳的個性,也是從琳的故事線開始閱覽這本視覺小說的。個人認為此小說的畫風,比起其他視覺小說品質稍微低下了一點點,不過這並不是大問題,視覺小說的重點是故事的內容而不是其畫風的素質(只要別太差就好)。此視覺小說擁有動聽的背景音樂,個人最喜歡所有背景音樂中兩首:’’開場’’和’’永恆衝突’’。不過,個人認為稍微缺少了點令人聽了毛骨悚然的恐怖音樂算是一處可惜的地方。個人推薦此小說的原聲大碟給所有的VN音樂粉絲,尤其是此遊戲的愛好者。優點 ++動人的故事+多結局+令人賞心悅目的原聲大碟+每個角色都擁有著完全不同的個性+White Day和Memories的額外故事情節+精美的album圖畫+超自然(魔法)內容將故事描寫得更加熱血及引人注目+美麗的背景圖畫缺點 –-遊戲中的人物(對話時的)畫風不是非常好-缺少了點以恐怖為主題的音樂,減少了氣氛所帶來的效果"
,Recommended,323490,33151154,Posted: 2 July,all,SanMan,"A relatively simple VN with a few choices, one mini-game, and lots of reading. the art and music are great. It does not feel like a cookie cutter VN.I prefer it this way, without the weird ""guess how much stat you need to win?"" RPG that is sometimes part of these. The translation has a few problems (using odd grammar or words not commonly used) but it is not as bad as some of the comments suggest. Perhaps they have improved it recently."
,Recommended,323490,13725966,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,worri3db3ar,sadly riddled with a poor translation and poor quality voice recording but it is still a charm to play through for the music and the storyline with a nice bit of background on most characters thats not too stereotypical.do wish the soundtracks was avaliable.
,Recommended,323490,22156591,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,*^SaoSin^*,"Very Romantic. Thats the first thing coming up to describe this chinese novel. Story is well done and has big replay value because each princess has complex personality and main protagonist is with solid backbone. Genuinely art and music steps up aswell making whole play entirely a pleasure to read and feel just like with good book, and thats really hard to accomplish by any indie VN.Coming to playthrough it is relatively easy. And it is first problem with the game  for e.g. We shouldnt know in advance where we meet who during day since it is not explained by plot. Simillar problem appears with voice acting. Our heroines sometimes say more than it is translated in chat box. Thankfully it was rather one time accident from the game and you can be calm about that. For the most part you will catch the drift. Translation is just ""good enough"" to not cut the essence of the experience.What more can I say to sum this up. Well at this point I played quite a lot story based games released on Steam. This VN has something special. It is ""maturity"" and stable atmosphere which is not easily fading away during the game. Around 8-9 hours is needed to complete 1 of the 4 routes I believe, also there is very fun tea brewing mini game.PS: OST Conflict by Xiaozhi is pure pleasure for any violin fans."
,Recommended,323490,17610310,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Lyonesse,"Can you uncover the secrets behind the Oblivious Garden?Enjoy the core story and the complexity of all characters personalities.---Oh, I almost forgot sayin'! Please, ignore some translation mistakes to fully enjoy this Visual Novel. They happen pretty often, but they do not harm the full comprehension of the story."
,Not Recommended,323490,13347571,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Varg~,First of all this game is very beautiful and it pleases the eye. I have not finished the game yet and am not sure that I will just because the English is horrible. It ruins an otherwise enjoyable game. I will update this if I do end up finishing it.
,Recommended,323490,27001564,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IAmKEVIN,"The art style is pretty unique, really enjoy it.The BGM is outstanding too.The storyline is pretty easy to follow and deep enough to keep player entertained.It has all the stuff that make a VN amazing!"
,Recommended,323490,33667971,Posted: 20 July,all,Soviet Fox ☭,"It can move along at a pretty fast pace story-wise and can leave details kinda vague for some routes, but overall the plot is interesting and new. The translation, as some have pointed out can miss a few points... I think at one point the game tries to call a rapier or long-sword a ""machete""? But honestly I didn't find enough of this in the game to break the experience totally for me.The game allows enough choices for you to delve into the plot more and piece together the whole picture of what's going on in the garden... It's a quite deep story!I enjoy it, done a playthrough or two, plan on more due to a legitimate interest in finding out every character's angle in this.TL:DR- Better plot than many visual novel like games, intriguing plot. An intellectualy awesome way to spend some time.Also, makes me glad I'm not nobility. You'll get what I mean, I think."
,Recommended,323490,18785239,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Degenerate,"After finishing two routes, I can say that this story is great and gives me the feeling of a fantasy drama due to the unique ""garden"" setting I really adore. The characters are well made and distinguished, however what I felt lacking was the plot. The supposed closure in the endings ddn't feel well rounded. It was more like a tease to a sequel which I do not even know is in the works or not. For me, it would have been really great perhaps if the main character sacrificed himself for the freedom of all the princesses and maids spanning from a certain circumstance, at least that would have gave meaning for his time there, and the whole antonment for the lost souls thing. Overall though, soundrrack and character along with the routes work well enough for a fairly enjoyable story. Lots of room for improvement but considering this is an indie, it is very well made. I give it a total of 7/10, it is worth your time if you are willing to indulge yourself in the story and the characters emotions."
,Recommended,323490,13731794,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,INSTAG8TR,"Just finished Finn's route, and even though the translation was terrible I pressed onward. Not because I had to, but because I wanted to. As far as visual novel's go, it's beautifully illustrated, the voice acting is superb. I'm sure that with a better transliteration this will make for a fine example of how to create a successful visual novel."
,Recommended,323490,13673062,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Palas,"It may be just that I want to like this VN so much. First and foremost: yes, the translation is terrible. You can read the mandarin behind the poorly-phrased English words and sometimes the amount of words on screen doesn't quite match the amount of speech you hear - even I, someone who barely has his 你好 and 我爱你 in check, can spot the discrepancies. However, the dev has already stated that it's being revised by native English speakers. Well, sure, the cultural barrier is as big as the language one - since the Chinese imagetic references are so different from ours, most metaphors and comparisons come across as really, really weird. So perhaps not a million revisions could make the text accessible without stripping it away from its, if I should call it this, original spirit. To the point it was impossible for me to read it without a continuous mental exercise of comprehension and abstraction. It's a distant read, that much I can tell.So my analysis of the story and the characters is forever tainted. This cultural and lexical veil between the reader and the VN will probably make you feel weird, never at ease. You never really know if you are doing the right thing, you know? So it's a little bit tiring to read Oblivious Garden. The characters are interesting even then, and the protagonist, Irrell Reis, has a solid backstory without having too unique a personality, meaning you at least won't feel disconnected from him.Having said this, the VN's structure is not unlike what you'd find in old VNs. It's not a sim, but you do have map movement and you do go to places only to talk to the girl you want to know more about. I have the feeling the VN is a little on the unforgiving side as anything but always choosing the same girl will seemingly give you a bad end. Once you are in someone's route, there are no choices though. I shouldn't tell you this, since the story keeps on making you doubt you're doing anything right, but it's pretty much an auto-pilot if you managed not to be expelled from the garden on a particular day (12/05, if my memory doesn't fail me). There is a tea-brewing minigame, whose effect on the story is unknown to me, which is absolutely arbitrary and demands a guide unless you can afford to be frustrated a lot of times, since you are given no clue whatsoever as to how to succeed at it. Unless you're Chinese, I suppose? Who knows. Anyway, there's a guide at Steam, so use it. Collecting recipes and getting new ingredients is a satisfactory experience and you can evolve across multiple playthroughs, so don't worry about achieving max level in your first attempt. Once you clear a route you can even play the minigame separately.Now, the story is interesting even if you have a hard time understanding all of it. There's this storytelling technique, you know. Present your protagonist to the player, then sever all said protagonist's ties with his current life and throw him in a faraway, self-contained world. Katawa Shoujo does this and and so does Saya no Uta (in a different way). It's an effective way to put you in the protagonist's shoes, as everything that is new to him is also new to you. The Oblivious Garden is actually a dreamlike place (unsurprisingly, a garden) and everything about it feels cozy even if you read it in the original language. The art does a great job at establishing this place. If not technically incredible, it is vivid and colourful. The interface, which also resembles something you'd see in True Love or Season of Sakura, albeit more polished, blends well with the environment and only helps.And what about the OST? Now, that is a masterpiece. I wish I could link a piece or two, but I couldn't find them. Not with the Latin alphabet anyway. But trust me - the OST is incredible. There are few songs, but each one of them is special and makes the Oblivious Garden feel special. It comprises violins, rapid-fire piano (akin to the one you can hear in the OP and the PVs), acoustic guitar and flutes in excellent blends. Very, very pleasant.Sadly, the same can't be said for the voice acting. Its recording, specifically. It's as though as they'd recorded it all with a cell phone. So it's a little off-putting. Once again, I don't know how much blame can be put on Mandarin being an unusual language for me to listen to, but I pretty damn sure know when there's an awful lot of noise coming with the voice.So here's why I actually recommend it to you: it has a unique feeling. I know I liked a VN when it has a unique feeling. Even if not for the story, just its atmosphere is worth it. And the text will be patched, so here's hope that it will become a more complete experience soon."
,Recommended,323490,13799942,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,HelterSkelter937,Best Tea Simulator of all times 24/10 .There are also some girls but they dont matter its all about the tea!
,Recommended,323490,13593543,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Pastolle,Nice game!
76561198144514401,Recommended,323490,18466050,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,nepoleon (Demonspawn41),"This was one of the most emotional games I have played and really touched me in ways that were both emotional and mental, this game is impressive. It's artstyle is quite appealing and the stories are all unique with aspects that just grab your attention, each girls story is amazing and changes how you view each of them as you complete each story. Completeing the maid's story was one heck of a ride and was distrubing, sad and just shocking. While completeing the other stories also had this affect, the maid's story was short but still just as great as the others. I truly enjoyed this game and have little to say I disliked about it, the grammar and spelling was on point, the stories were unique and really grabbed my attention. It went really in depth and kept me wanting more, it also brought out my emotions and deeply affected how I was feeling. I truly enjoyed this game and it was a wonderful experience both playing it and reviewing it. I would give this a 10/10."
76561198009274738,Recommended,323490,19711046,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Someguyyy,Great story.
76561198254923900,Recommended,323490,19208033,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Kyo Uzuki,good buy for a VN but you should pay it on sale.  is is a good VN but i hate the tea mini game. but if you take that out it is worth the buy
76561198004724634,Recommended,323490,20425510,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Hyo,"After finishing the game completely, I just need more! I fell totally in love with the characters. Great music and great art style. By far my favourite VN.Sequel soon please!"
,Recommended,323490,18444420,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ジュース,A very good Visual Novel - the artwork and writing is much better than what is usually on Steam
,Recommended,323490,19102504,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SSN.先輩,Nice.
76561198140720931,Recommended,323490,18194417,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,baidaimeng,Good for learning poetic Chinese words
76561198071097009,Recommended,323490,21665868,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Neko Silviu,Nice art.Interesting story.Great characters.The soundtrack is really good too.The routes feel a bit short tough.I rate it 7.5/10
,Recommended,323490,21486350,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Melumebelle,"I really enjoyed this visual novel. Probably my biggest complaint would be that the story arcs weren't all that different from each other it seemed, and also sometimes the translations were clunky or repetitive. The art is beautiful though!"
76561198019839359,Recommended,323490,14015356,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Rookie (ZOE),"Although there is questionable voice-audio quality (you can hear some background noise in some voices) and some evident grammar mistakes at some parts, I have to say that I truly did thoroughly enjoy this and I REALLY love it!  A Solid 9/10! ^^      If you're a fan of visual novels then this is a good addition you might like, really recommend it. :D"
76561198321100261,Not Recommended,323490,28581745,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KindMoonHuntress,"character design is nice...but the backgrounds could use a bit of work. Also,  the way the VN is translated has some major problems,. For example, there are passages where I absoultely have no idea what the main character is trying to say or describing just because of its terrible choice of words. Some grammar confusion, as well as wrong pronouns etc..There are parts where I scratched my head, thinking I might have skipped a crucial scene but it turned out that I skipped nothing and THERE ARE NO SCENES TO FILL ME IN THAT IS IN THE GAME. It assumes the player knows what is going on, which doesn't help at all with the confusing plot of  most of the love interests' routes in the game.That being said, the characters are wonderfully developed. They are fully fleshed out for us to see as people..which is really the most surprising aspect of the game. At first, I thought that I would hate particular characters based on their appearances ( predictable stereotypes and cliche tropes), but thankfully, it was the opposite. After finishing the game, I ended up admiring the main female characters for their wonderful portrayals.Lastly, the routes leave quite a lot to be desired. There are routes that are so similar to each other in plot that there really is no point in expecting anything mindblowing ... Lazy writing at its best.All in all, this game COULD have been wonderful if it had a better translation and some  serious work and thought put into its writing.  Unfortunately, its only saving grace is its characters.DON'T BUY IT UNLESS IT'S REALLY CHEAP AND YOU'RE DESPERATE"
,Recommended,323490,18922356,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Morg,This is why I love reading.
,Recommended,323490,29851330,Posted: 11 February,all,ArchmageXin,"If you actually know Mandarin, you will realize some part of the story is borderline re-write by the English translators. In certain part of the story (In particular the ""Mage Princess"")'s storyline, there is a part where the text actually skipped a line or two, which result in verbal mis-match text.Dispite this, I feel the story is servicable and interesting. If you happen to be taking a Mandarin Chinese class, I highly recommend playing it in Chinese instead :)"
,Recommended,323490,19785520,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,F.E.A.R #Idling,This is one of the best Visual Novel i ever played 11/10The Soundtrack is amaizing :)Edit:The soundtrack is great 9/10The art is ok 8/10Story is great 9.5/10Gameplay 8/10Cons:-Tea recipes
76561197996696328,Not Recommended,323490,13540774,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Banquo,"Pretty presentation, and a premise with potential, but doesn't hold up as a text-based experience. The English is barely localized, and riddled with obvious errors, visible from the very first scene. All in favor of more VNs on Steam, but ideally they'd have a little more effort shown in the localization than in this case."
,Recommended,323490,17306034,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,PalmTopTiger~>♡<~,"Ten out of ten, I thouroughly enjoyed Oblivious Garden and the DLC White Day."
76561198070671991,Recommended,323490,14742912,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,madsterb,"I love this game, really. I spend my whole day playing this game and it's totally worth it.I've play a lot of VN games, this game is one of the games that gives me unique feeling (I don't know how to describe it, It just give off a different feeling ,a good one of course.).I'll just get to the point.I love the story. I really like it when it reveals more and more  truth about the characters and the background story as I play each route. Although there're some parts that confused me but it's still pretty good though.Well. I'll have to admit that I was somehow confused by the fast pace of the story >>> especially Finn's route. But maybe I'm just not adjusted to it.( I'm the type that enjoy slow-pace game like Fate.)And the translation. It would be really good if you fix it, some parts are too confusing and it's annoying. I suggest you fix it. This game will be much more perfect if you do so.The artworks and the music are marvelous, really.The music is... I don't know how to describe -  it suits the atmosphere of the story Maybe it's what that make the atmosphere of the story) Rich and beautiful, that's it. I think I'll buy the soundtrack after I have collect some more money :3.I give this game 8/10.I'll be waiting for the sequal ;3 ."
,Not Recommended,323490,29402466,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"While the art is lovely and the story starts out innocently enough, it ends up running off the rails and becomes bizarre and difficult to believe, made worse by a choppy translation."
,Recommended,323490,19648225,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Vidservent,The beginning was pretty boring being about war and stuff but once I got to the Garden the story picks up.I question why I can only go after 3 princesses if they spesifically mention that there are 7 XDEach princess path has a different story and their personalities are very different. The Finn DLC was a nice bonus though I wish it was longer T^TThe tea time mini game was kind of annoying and I find it impossible to get all the recipes without a guide since I can't even make a decent tea with the basic 4 ingredients -_-'But all in all it was a pretty interesting VN with nice background music :D
,Recommended,323490,16537884,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Koneko Toujou,Saw loli.Whent for loli.Loli wanted to learn birds and the bees.Loli turned batshit crazy.WouldgoforbatshitLoli/10
,Recommended,323490,16919186,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Chubby Corgi,"This game has the sassiest Princesses I have ever met in my whole life; granted, I have never met a Princesses in real life... but still, never knew they could be so sassy."
76561198120997660,Recommended,323490,14831309,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,back to my silver xD,amazing story. i love it!
,Recommended,323490,20327219,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Vampster,"This game puts me to sleep. I have trouble sleeping so that's a good thing. I'm sure the story is great and everything, and it was from what I played of it. But  it's just not my kind of game. I really do enjoy the artwork of this game. I got this off of a coupon from a badge, and said what the heck. I will still give it a thumbs up though, seems like a lot of people like it.3/10 - Maybe I should play HuniePop instead??"
76561198018643200,Recommended,323490,15201502,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Lolislave,This is a nice game if you just want to relax and read is also easy to get into.Of cause if you like visual novels i recommend this one.
,Recommended,323490,14423528,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,leonex9,not to far in yet but i like the character build and the art alot.
,Recommended,323490,16426242,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Count Talcula,"Maybe I'll rebuy it when it's cheaper, but I dunno if this is worth nine dollarydoosStill better VN than that one about the cyclops girl"
76561198029368731,Recommended,323490,15119624,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,vynllein,just whoa
76561198085758778,Recommended,323490,14793484,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Lucis,"very good, the music is good and the storyline makes you feel the character"
,Not Recommended,323490,32550524,Posted: 18 June,all,Juylyenne,Takes way too long to get anywhere meaningful in this game. Lots of very slow dialogue to read through without much interaction. Played through it once and found it to be a waste of time. I have no desire to go and see the other endings.
,Recommended,323490,29545366,Posted: 28 January,all,Jambatti,"Great classic VN, if you enjoy the Victorian age-styled setting, girls with really different and unique personalities and quite well-written text, this one definitely worth a try.Featuring multiple endings, and some unpredictable plot twists, this game will indeed be a memorable experience.Altrough it is a bit short compared to some other VN's of the same type, multiple routes that are really completely different from each other, makes for good replayability, if you would want more of it.Definitely recommend, very good VN."
76561198030321347,Not Recommended,323490,20170083,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Pyewacket,"OK firstly I play most of my games offline, so I've got more than 6 minutes into the game - but honestly not a whole lot more.This is awful.  Save money and pick up a Harlequin romance novel from a used bookstore for a quarter.  The writing is trite, the story uninteresting.  I turned off all the music and still have to sit through the blaring and hideous music they play for the intro.  The graphics suck as well.Seriously.  ""Most of the workers here are weak women"" (or words to that effect)""She was eager to please and I found that charming"" (again somewhat paraphrased) in response to her obeying her Lord and Master's admonition to clean up some spilled tea.I truly truly regret this purchase.  I can only imagine that the good reviews are from people who are extremely uncritical, in the sense of unthinking.  This is nothing but a chauvinistic piece of fluff.Dull, uninteresting, backwards.  Don't bother.Weak women my sweet white fanny."
,Not Recommended,323490,15246771,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ChunandRice,Finn. Is. Justice.The game needs a better translation/localization.But Finn. Is. Justice.Can we just have Finn as the arc? K. I'm glad we had this talk.
76561198076210446,Recommended,323490,34160143,Posted: 10 August,all,FallenAngel,Great VN with amazing soundtrack. Love it.
