user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,323580,18310000,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Whydoyoubark,"Jotun is mostly an EXPLORATION/ADVENTURE game with MINOR combat elements.PROS:+ visuals+ music+ boss battles+ oozing Norse mythos atmosphere+ Icelandic languageCONS:- may be too slow-paced for some- combat(hitboxes mostly) is sometimes frustrating- THE FU@#$% LAVA ROCKLOBBERSJotun is a gorgeous and atmospheric adventure into the realms of  Norse mythology.People automatically assume that there's gonna be a lot of bloodshed, since the protagonist is a Viking(actually, it's a she- Thora); HOWEVER, the game is heavily focused on EXPLORATION.I just want to clarify this, so potential players won't be upset once they get the game.Fortunately, when combat happens, it's(mostly) glorious and intense.Will you impress the gods?"
,Not Recommended,323580,18343612,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,sheaaaa,"I didn't like this as much as I thought I would, having killed 3 bosses and started on the path to the fourth. Here's what I didn't like:- Plodding pace of exploration. Even running from area to area from the hub is a bit of a chore. Sometimes this lets you take in the sights that the game wants you to see, as the developers bring back the camera and reveal something spectacular in the distance. Moving slowly gives you time to appreciate what you're seeing. Most times however, the very basic of moving your character just isn't any fun.- Combat isn't much to shout about. With only a couple of moves and an emphasis on your character's position rather than any skill in attacking, fighting enemies just isn't very fun.- Bosses are a tad underwhelming. Okay, they were probably the the best parts of the game, but I think they could have been even better. Stop zooming all the way out when we're fighting the jotun - it doesn't make their scale more imposing, or awe us with their size. It just makes it harder to see. I don't get the sense that I'm fighting a titan when I'm controlling something absolutely tiny on-screen. I would love to have seen more reactive enemies as well. Fighting jotun felt more like they were just doing their thing. I could go off into a corner and they'd just run through their attack cycles.- You don't have to give players problems in every stage. The constellation stage - I was wowed as I began, because I was doing something novel and unique, even beautiful. Then the developers had to make it difficult for the player somehow, with electricity travelling on the ground and lighting bolts coming out of seemingly nowhere to take away huge chunks of health, while still lighting up pylons in the shapes of constellations. What was serene and beautiful before became a complete chore and what I feel is emblematic of the game's failings. Another less egregious example is the ice level with the high points where you survey the entire stage. Why put in the blizzard that comes in intermittently and forces me to hide? It doesn't add anything interesting mechanically or thematically - all it does is make it an absolute chore to finish the stage. Don't manufacture problems for the player to face, and don't feel like you have to shoehorn something to make every stage difficult. You had something special with the constellation stage, but I think you blew it.I enjoyed everything else - the Icelandic voiceover, the Norse mythology, the beautiful animation and backgrounds; they all give Jotun a mood and feel that is really unique.I don't usually review games here but this was so, so close to being something special."
,Not Recommended,323580,33468629,Posted: 11 July,all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Jotun is a game that suffers from a lack of direction. It's a tremendously beautiful game (minus a few small quibbles), but doesn't seem to understand if it wants to be an atmospheric exploration game, or a slow paced dark souls / shadows of the colossus style boss slayer. In trying to do both, it sort of fails in all angles. On the plus side, it is relatively short, so the downsides of the game don't overshadow the nice bits too badly. I would say a roughly 5 hour game, depending on how much trouble you have with the bosses.Jotun tells the tale of Thora, a viking warrior who dies at sea, who now roams Norse Purgatory, Ginnungagap, in an attempt to make her way to Valhalla. At the same time, the environment tells the tale of the Norse gods and mythos, touching on several stories very briefly, but never elaborating too much on any one particular detail. That's really the story of the entire game - 9 themed vignettes to explore, and five (plus final boss) bossfight, a mile wide, but an inch deep. It genuinely feels like the game at one point was meant to be one large connected world, but due to financial or time issues, was condensed into the nine best setpieces and connected by a void.The art is beautiful and hand drawn, and wonderfully draws you into the world. Unfortunately, there's not a lot to do in the world you're immersed in. Each of the 9 areas has one Rune (mandatory), and one God Power and one Ithunn Apple (both optional). Some areas also have ""Landmarks"". which are panned out great vistas of areas where you can see the environment. That's it. Everything else is empty space. Pretty looking empty space, but empty space. Each area also generally boasts one movement puzzle and one environmental obstacle - such as a blizzard in the Nine Rivers or hostile dwarves and light-up pillars in Brokkr's Forge. These are often the only things that break up the emptiness, however. The world has a grand scale, but feels empty, and not in the good, haunting way, but in the bad, desolate way. For example, I missed the entire 'environment puzzle' in Jormundgandr's lake simply by getting the optional things and seeing the vista. The puzzle itself was contained to a small area in the middle that I would never have seen, except for the fact that I ran through on purpose trying to trigger it. Admittedly, some of the areas, such as the Forge, or Ymir's Blood, are more in your face about it. Non-boss enemies never feel like true obstacles, but rather just annoyances. The Great Nameless Eagle in Yggdrasil's Branches is reduced to 'dodge roll or lose 1/3rd of your life.' Repeat every 30 seconds. That's it. It just feels like a loss of potential.Your character's controls don't generally help the issue. Thora plods along at a pace that would be fine for exploring, but does not give the sense of urgency that you would feel a Viking in her position might have. Dodge rolls are awkwardly animated, stopping you suddenly and ruining momentum, (though the character is still visibly rolling) and do not have any actual i-frames, making them only useful for the sudden burst of speed. Attacks are limited to a one-two swing combo, or  a long charging heavy attack. Light attacks are useless for the entire game except one situation, as its almost always more useful to wind up and smash a jotun or an environment object, several of which can't even be harmed by light attacks to begin with. God Powers are all useful in jotun fights, which is a plus - I would frequently use every single one of them against bosses, though outside of boss fights, only the speed boost (to make running bearable) and the healing are really helpful. Finally, one minor nitpick - the animation for Thora is mirrored vertically. That means as she turns horizontally, her sprite switches her handedness for her axe, which always appears in front of her spite, in the bottom half, rather than behind her sprite like you'd expect in some orientations. All the Jotuns are not animated this way, so it's strange to see the level of attention given to the bosses not paid to the protagonist of the game.Bossfights are the climactic encounters of the game, and again, while they look impressive, most of them have very little in the way of strategy, especially when the best approach to all of them is ""Hit with both Gungnir magic, get on their side or behind, activate Thor and Freyja, and heavy swing"", repeat until out of all magic, then keep heavy swinging (but a bit slower now) until it's dead. Two of the jotuns, the storm and the fire jotun, change this up due to their patterns but the basic strategy is still the same. Approach from a safe angle and heavy swing. The fact that all the time trials for the games state times less than 80 seconds (most are 60 or 40) should say just how swiftly a boss can be beaten with even cursory understanding of the magic.I feel like the game would have benefitted from deciding if it wanted to be an atmospheric adventure game about wandering purgatory in search of Vahalla, focusing on Thora's story, or a thunderous jotun fight game with a focus on Valhalla and the mythos, but trying to mix both ends up with both feeling lackluster. If you're really feeling the Norse mythos (and it is done very well, with narration in Icelandic), and want to look at admittedly very pretty vistas, then pick it up, but if you're looking for an action game, then keep an eye on EITR's release, as that may be the game you're looking for.I can't recommend it except as an on sale walking simulator style game with minor combat. A shame, because I really wnated more than I got out of it."
,Recommended,323580,22634262,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,experimentxj9,"I cannot stress how much I enjoyed this game. The controls were easy to learn, but difficult to master, which made boss fights a bit frustrating, but that only made it that much more satisfying when I finally beat them. The art is hands-down my favorite thing about this game. Everything is absolutely beautiful, from the scenery to the character/ boss designs. This is without a doubt one the most aesthetically appealing game I've ever played, second only to Child of Light."
76561198037951083,Not Recommended,323580,22094384,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Clunker,"[TL;DR at the bottom]Jotun is a tough one – at first glance you got a rather simplistic Norse Action-Adventure Game with an exceptional focus on its boss fights. Before we get into the juicy details, let’s start out with the art design and the soundtrack, which are generally highly praised – and justifiably so. Especially the art of the game looks absolutely gorgeous and may remind some of “Banner Saga”, as well as adding to the immersion through smart camera movements, more often than not to show the detailed backgrounds or to help the player find their way through crowded combat situations.The Soundtrack, while being above average is nothing I’d highly praise. The voice acting on the other hand is quite good, even though the game is quite sparse with any kind of dialogue, which results in the player only getting to hear it during single-sentence remarks of the player character, Thora.Now the story is very straight-forward, you’re playing as Thora, a Norse woman who recently died at sea and is given a second chance to prove herself by defeating the Jotun, elementals who roam the different level you get to “explore”. Exploration now is not something Jotun sets a focus on, as each of the different levels (2 per Jotun) is very straight forward, while each of them introduces a “gimmick” such as poison gas, or puzzles to complete.My personal favorite among those gimmicks is an ice-storm which simply forces you to stop each time it appears, so that you not freeze to death. That being said, practically each of those gimmicks is not much more than a simple annoyance for the player and even the “puzzles” don’t exceed the difficulty level of playing the first level of Tetris. Added to the linearity of the level design, each of those required 2 stages before each boss becomes much more a chore rather than anything else. The only improving factor being the drawn backgrounds and the rare remarks of Thora, trying to introduce the player to a bit of Norse mythology.Which, of course, laughably fails, if the only thing you do to create a bit of immersion is to let Thora say “The raven (unpronounceable name). Between its eyes sits the eagle (unpronounceable name).” – while it may look cool, and probably has a nice reason to be there, at that location you may generally find interesting to learn more about, the player is just left there, getting a name and the smallest bits of history thrown at him.The best example of this may be in the fifth stage, a swamp in which you recreate the Norse creation myth. Great in theory, until you realize that you have to travel for 2-4 minutes between each of the five spots you have to activate, each of them tells you a couple of sentences about that myth and in the end you realize that you’ve basically learned nothing from it, since you forgot half of it by the time you’re finished.So the story, while intriguing at first, fails to convey anything of what it presents in its level design. Thora’s story also doesn’t evolve into anything other than what it was in the beginning: She drowned and now fights for the right to enter Valhalla.Another thing I absolutely need to mention before going on is, that there are basically no enemies in the different levels, with only very few examples, such as giants who do nothing else than throw a single rock at you every few seconds, or dwarves that run from you on sight, until you reach a certain point, where they all engage you. What that means is: Nearly all of the levels you need to complete are effectively empty, with the exception of the aforementioned environmental hazards.So: In essence Jotun is just a glorified Boss rush. Are the bosses any good?To answer that, we first have to talk a bit more about the combat.So what did I previously mean by “simplistic”? Well – you are quite limited in your combat options, having only a rather fast (and absolutely useless) attack and a slower one, which requires you to stand still for several seconds. Additionally you can discover different shrines throughout the different areas you can explore, which reward you with abilities such as Healing, Blocking and so forth, which are all quite useful.A giant flaw in the combat system is the fact, that the Hitboxes of each enemy, as well as your own axe is very wonky and is the most important reason for the acclaimed “high” difficulty of this game. Example: One of the bosses you encounter is a fiery-giant. With one of his attacks, he swings a giant sword at you, bending forward in the process.Now: He is arched over, yet still is upper body is way over your own player character and as a rule of thumb you may have learned from the previous bosses: You only focus on the legs of any of those giants. Yet you can still hit him. The same principle applies later to the last boss as well, who throws lightning spears at you, which circle around in the area, while still loosely tracking your position.After fighting that boss around 6 times, I still have not a specific clue how the hitboxes on those work. Generally you do not have invincibility frames, yet if you role at a specific time, only the dead-center of those spears seem to hit, while at other time even the particle effects around it cause you to take damage.What I blame here are the clunky animations. While they may look fine, gameplay doesn’t seem as fluent as you’d need it to be for a game which heavily relies on quick reflexes, especially when using your Shrine-abilities.The Jotun themselves are nothing to write home about either. I personally consider myself average of skill and it took me around 1-2 tries to complete each of the Jotun. Each of them basically only has 1-2 attacks to begin with and as such none of them is particularly interesting and really only impressive on the first look, thanks to the beautifully drawn graphics.The last boss however was the most disappointing one – only having the ability to throw either one, or.. and now pay attention! – three spears at you. Great. At around fifty percent each of the bosses has a second phase, which basically is the same as the first one. Here however, the last boss just summons copies of each of the previous bosses with a singular attack. Adding to the wonky hitboxes and that you suddenly have to watch out for 2-6 different enemies makes the last boss an absolute chore, or much rather, has you praying, that you simply do not get hit.TL;DR:+ Graphics/Soundtrack (mainly voice-overs)+ Smart camera movement+ Option to return to the Hub-Area anytime you want, without having to backtrack- Story might as well be nonexistent- Linear, empty and all around tedious level design- Level-“Gimmicks” are mainly an annoyance (e.g. Ice Storm forcing the player to stop every few steps in an otherwise       completely empty level)- Very bad presentation- High difficulty is mainly artificial (horrible hitboxes, overscaled damage and more..)- Way too short (Completed it myself in around 2 hours, with most things discovered, though that is not the average)- No replay value- The priceAfter finishing the game in just over two hours, I can confidently say, that Jotun simply isn’t worth 14,99 Euros, or your regional equivalent. It’s an overpriced Boss-rush which suffers greatly due to its presentation and flaws in its combat system, most noticeably the hitboxes. My plea to you: Do not be tempted to buy Jotun just because of its pretty visuals or because you’re interested in the subject of Norse mythology."
76561198116075088,Not Recommended,323580,23598379,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Argonaut,"Artistically and visually this game is unquestionably impressive. It manages to create such a magical and mystical atmosphere suiting to Norse mythology. Also its soundtrack does a great job at enhancing the drama and tension throughout the game.On the other hand, I am sorry to say that the rest is so bad and shallow that even a full scale article is not enough to tell what falls so short. But briefly, level designs are incredibly boring and lazy. To solve the puzzles or to obtain items/god powers, only thing you have to do is wandering around aimlessly in literally empty places or dodging things like winds or rocks. There are not any real or difficult enemies or threats around, only annoying mechanics.Apart from that, boss fights are supposed to give you some tough time but believe me, they are also not difficult, they are just tiring and annoying. Visually it looks gorgeous and you are expecting something epic but after a couple of fight you come to an understanding that if you are ready to spend some frustrating time with dodging things, you are going to beat the Jotuns eventually.Overall game lacks depth and excitement. Story is like non-exist, it is a linear, uninteresting and uninfluential story with linear gameplay. This game is dealing with one of the most interesting concepts in the world like Norse mythology and you are expecting something more clever and epic but it only gives you some shallow level designs and annoying mechanics. It may be visually beautiful but I don’t think that it is worthy of your time or money."
76561198095585102,Not Recommended,323580,28414706,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,skitstorm,"This is an interesting game for sure, I bought it because I was looking forward to a story told in a norse mythology narrative. However, I feel like it falls flat. There is very little story told at all, you get some background to the main characters between levels but it isn't very well written and deep.The story you get on the nordic gods is limited to about 1 sentence per god and only about 6 (out of about 55+) of them are present. I feel like a lot more depth could be added here and there is one level where the norse creation myth does ok but that's about it.To me, the story told here is very bland and not at all engaging. So what does the game have going for it? Art style? Maybe for some but to me, it feels a bit too cartooney. After playing a lot of banner saga, this can't really compare, it's not as polished. Other games at a simillar price are better at enforcing the narrative and set the right mood.On to the gameplay. This game consists of puzzles and exploration. Sadly, the puzzles consist of connecting the dots and the exploration is following the map untill you find the marked out spot. There are incentives to further exploration since there are hidden health buffs not marked on the map and some lore to find but like I said, it's poorly written and health isn't really a resource that you're short on so the incentive is weak at best. The only real incentive to finnish the puzzle levels is to find god powers and the priviledge to fight the boss. which leads to what this game did right.What this game does good is the combat (except for the first boss which feels like it's inspired by bed of chaos from dark souls which was a catastrophe). The fights were challenging and exciting, they encouraged different playstyles and forced you to adapt and learn by your mistakes. I'm sad there were so few of them and that getting to them was a grind. This game would have felt way better if it was more like shadow of the colossus or titan souls. Strained plot and dull puzzles ruined the mood for me, replacing that with an open world in a simillar, more polished art syle would be much more fun. And I think it would be afordable by cutting the voice acting budget and telling a good story with text instead. This game didn't make me want to learn more about norse mythology and immerse myself in a cool fantasy world, it just made me want to play more titan souls."
,Recommended,323580,22906285,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Eiffel,"So I bought this on sale. I looked at the art style and it really caught my eye so I took the plunge.The best way I can describe this game is that of a storypiece. The gameplay is fine, but the thing that carries this game is the amazing visuals, voice acting, and theme that create a cohesive piece of art. It's definitely still got some gameplay elements that people would like, such as combat, skill use, resource management, and exploration...but people who go into the game thinking it focuses on these elements are going to be sorely disappointed.Yeah, it has some puzzles, some combat, and some resource management and exploration, but not enough to satisfy people who are looking solely for GREAT puzzles, GREAT combat, GREAT choices, GREAT exploration. It has a little of everything, but what it does excel in is the storytelling and visuals.The art is absolutely gorgeous and some of the Boss fights are just breathtaking. It also has some of the best camera angle controls I've seen in a game. The camera is often used to make your character seem just as insignificant as you really are in the realm of Gods, zooming out to give you a sense of scale of the scenery and Gods you will be seeing.Honestly, it's going to disappoint people looking for difficult gameplay or solid controls, but I will say that there are maybe 2 bosses that felt very challenging. (One of them perfectly encapsulates this game and I wish other boss fights would be as cool as he was)Anyway, if you feel like playing a couple of hours (I spent 5 completing it at a normal pace, some exploration and sometimes just rushing through a zone) of a single player game that focuses on the experience of making you feel like an underdog, with a beautiful art style, I recommend picking this up.If money is tight and you're looking for replayability and things to do besides the main game storyline, I'd say look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,323580,28616637,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Xuchilbara,"This is one of those cases where I wished that Steam had an option for ""neutral"" reviews. I don't really want to put a thumb down on this game since I didn't disliked playing it, however since there are more cons than pros that I want to point out about it, it seems stupid for me to recommend it. So bear in mind while you read my review that my opinion is NOT completely negative.Jotun had a lot of potential, it could have been a real gem even if short (I completed it in 5 hours, time trials and other useless grinding achievements aside) but sadly the explorative part is a failure. The game is structured so that you have to explore nine different levels starting from a central hub, find a rune at the end of each level and open the paths to the various boss fights using them. It's a very simple structure that could have worked well, but unfortunately is repetitive since you have to do the same thing in all levels with just some variation. Levels are empty, there's nothing to do aside reaching the rune with some easy puzzle, get a powerup and go back. The only ""secret"" hidden in each level is a health powerup but it's not difficult to find. Exploring these levels gets very tedious after some time since the protagonist is slow and can't perform dashes or jumps to accelerate her pace, so the only thing you'll be doing most of the time is walking around keeping a key pushed with one hand and holding your head with the other. To put it simple, it's boring and it's what you do for most of the time.The boss fights on the other hand are the best part of the game: they are impressive, well-thought and challenging. There's nothing I didn't like about them. Even if controls are simple and the character's movements are slow they're still very enjoyable and intense without being impossible or frustrating. I don't know whether this contrast between the extremely slow-paced exploration and the exciting boss battles was intended or not, but in any case it's a contrast that doesn't work well. On the contrary, it feels like you're actually playing only for a fraction of the time.To make things worse, there are lots of stupid challenge achievements like ""defeat this boss without taking damage"", which are a really stupid and lazy way to stretch the duration. A game like this should be filled with secret items to find and hidden areas to explore, not with useless, time-consuming tasks that are only good to show your friends how much of a sad nerd you are. The ""Valhalla Mode"" that unlocks once beaten the main game is a joke: you just have to fight bosses again while they're overpowered, turning them from challenging but fair to ridiculously difficult and unfair. And of course there are impossible achievements related to it. Bad, really really lazy and bad.It saddens me to criticize so much a game like Jotun, not just because it had potential to be a great game but also because it's actually extremely well made under the artistic profile. The hand-drawn graphics and animations are amazing, a pleasure to view, music is beautiful, Icelandic voiceover is great and perfectly fitting. The story is rather simple and predictable but it wouldn't had been a problem if the game had a better gameplay. Sadly Jotun is a defective gem that is worth a single playthrough but nothing more, while it could have been worthy of a place in the Valhalla of indie games. Great pity."
76561198058540668,Recommended,323580,20738316,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zulgarr,"So I just completed 100% of the achievements (Pre-Valhalla Edition) for Jotun and figured it was time that I write a review for this game that I love so much. From the outside, Jotun looks like an adventure/exploration game with little combat during levels and tricky epic boss fights. While this is true; for me, the meat of this game comes in boss mastery and completely centered around combat.Jotun starts with Thora (the hero) dying without a chance to enter Valhalla due to an inglorious death. Odin, the Allfather grants you a chance to enter Valhalla through great deeds by collecting runes and defeating the Jotun (giant elemental beings tied to Norse mythology). To battle a Jotun, you must complete two levels through exploration and some puzzle solving (unfortunately little combat). These levels are associated with the elements of the corresponding Jotun and vary in terms of what is needed to complete them. Each level will have a rune, an apple (increases max health) a Godshrine (gives you a God Power or additional uses of said God Power) and a few vistas or other points of interest where the camera zooms out giving some beautiful shots. Once the runes have been found, it is time to face the Jotun.These Jotun bosses are giant elemental beings that will test your resolve, quickness and combat strategy. Fighting these beasts for the first time can feel like an impossible task and defeating them feels like a massive accomplishment. In fact, when beating these bosses for the first time you wonder how any of the achievements for them are even possible. This is where this game goes from good to great!! Each Jotun has 5 achievements associated with them. 1-Initial defeat, 2-Shun the Gods (use no God Powers), 3-Perfect (take no damage), 4-Time trial, 5-Special conditions (ie. don't attack in melee, defeat at under 10% health etc.) Learning all the bosses patterns/quirks and figuring out strategies to complete these tasks can be daunting, but because of reliable combat mechanics and tight controls is very rewarding. Combat is simple with a regular attack that can be used twice for a slightly faster combo, or heavy attack which is a painfully slow wind-up followed by a massive blow. Throw in a dodge-roll and six God Powers (speed-up, heal, shield etc.) and that's it. What makes the combat so great is that you know exaclty what you can get (and are going to get) out of your character. Learning how to use this to maximum advantage is all you have, and what makes this game SO DAMN FUN!!Now with the Valhalla Edition, all of the Jotun are buffed to the max (more HP, do more damage, more powerful abilities etc.) I haven't played much of this mode but it seems insane, really looking forward to the challenge!!To sum up, if you're looking for a good action/adventure with outstanding visuals, good music/atmosphere and decent combat... you'll probably find it here. If you're looking for the above with testing combat achievements and you enjoy boss-mastery type games you might just fall in love with this gem like I have.Jotun - You have impressed the Gods!!"
,Not Recommended,323580,25423459,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,eFTy,"It breaks my heart a little to give this one a negative review, but since this is Steam, a platform for GAMES, I feel I must judge Jotun as a game first and foremost. And as a game it is disappointing.I'll start with the positive aspects. The music is phenomenally good. The art & visual design are wonderful. The landscapes are beautiful. The voicovers immerse you perfectly in the world. The story isn't spectacular, but good enough for the game and the extra tidbits of norse lore hit the right spots. Overall this is a great piece of art.But as a game, this is a failure born of obstinacy, I feel. The game alternates between tedious exploration and brutally difficult boss fights. Some levels feel completely gimmicky with forced obstacles (I won't agree with others on storms being part of these, I actually loved the idea of hiding from freezing storms). But this aspect could be forgiven if there was more of a game around them.Unfortunately, the only other element of the game is the boss fights. The devs seem to take pride and make it a point of worth for the game that the boss fights are tough. They're for true gamers to overcome, not casual folks who just want to relax. If this is indeed their philosophy behind the game, it's a stupid failure on two accounts: first of all just look at the achievements: not even half the playerbase managed to defeat the first boss and the percentages drop sharply after that; second, it means they narrowed their potential player base in such a way that they restricted the money they could make off it. I wonder if they thought/hoped this difficulty and the associated hardcore achievements (defeating each boss without losing life or using god powers) would lead to more game replayability as players keep tryign to beat the bosses, but judging by those same stats, it failed outside a small core of extremely hardcore players. Replayability is nigh null. Once you defeat the bosses, there's nothing to do but do it again, maybe in a harder setting (like the new Valhalla mode which I won't even touch since I can't beat all of them on normal yet).If the devs made combat more interesting and spread it over the beautifully crafted realms, this game could get more playtime and more sales. As it is, on some levels you just walk around dodging rocks, and as a game that's just boring. Then you finally get to fight when you meet the boss and you just get stomped with alacrity. This is unbalanced and unfun to say the least."
76561197971628333,Recommended,323580,28820227,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Modranto,"Conquer Norse Purgatory by felling a sparse collection of six memorable giants.Summary:Jotun transports you into the realm of Norse mythology through its beautiful imagery, striking voice acting and contests of skill and valor. This is a game aimed at hardcore gamers that enjoy a challenge. You likely won't win your first attempt against each jotun, but retries quickly get you back into the fray. Achievement hunting and Valhalla Mode are a blast and made for my most enjoyed moments with the game. Environmental levels that you must traverse to unlock each boss have good atmosphere but ultimately are very forgettable compared to the giants. The main game can be completed in about 5 to 6 hours, even with the environmental levels as padding, so it is not a great value at full price.Full review:Even though Jotun does a respectable job in other areas, its boss fights are what make it noteworthy. Each one is unique in how they play. There's the chaotic battle against the Storm jotun, Hagalaz, that will test your perception and focus as you are barraged from multiple sides at once. Or there's the high octane fury of Kaunan, the Fire jotun that tests your reflexes by upping the tempo. Each giant can be freely refought after you've unlocked them. Valhalla Mode, added in September 2016, reinvigorates each boss with additional challenges that expand on their initial patterns. This makes them both familiar and fresh, not to mention more deadly than ever.Your repertoire of combat abilities seems deceptively limited at the outset of the game, featuring only a quick attack, a strong attack and a dodge roll. You can get by with just these by learning your enemies' moves, à la Super Punch Out or Dark Souls. However, you'll regularly gain new God powers over the course of the game that significantly spice things up. These God powers have two to three charges so they must be used wisely. A couple examples of them are a short period of invulnerability or a temporary boost of speed. On their own, each component is rather simple. But as a whole, they add up to an engaging experience with a lot to stay mindful of in the midst of battle.The story that puts our protagonist, Thora, on her quest to impress the Gods is a relatively simple one that leans heavily on its Norse mythology setting. I am not familiar with these legends so I enjoyed the story presented here, but I suspect that someone who is more knowledgeable on the subject might be disappointed with how basic a lot of this seemed to be. In the end, it does its job of driving events forward and creating a great atmosphere, knowing that its strength is not in character drama.Choosing to do the voice-overs in Icelandic is a detail that I really liked. The woman who played Thora delivered a powerful performance that sounds authentic to the game's world. She conveys strong personality and emotion, even without understanding the language. There are, of course, subtitles. The hand-drawn art style, while lacking finer details at times, is striking and more unique than many games out there. I'd call it something like a less childish 2D Disney movie style. Animations at times can look ""floaty"", or in other words like the animation playing doesn't fully match how the character is actually moving through space. Otherwise they are very good, properly telegraphing attacks and generally adding to the intensity and epic scale.My biggest complaint would be in the apportionment of environmental levels to boss battles. There are two of them per boss. While that works well for dolling out power ups and elongating the game, I'd much rather have seen them use their development resources to design more jotun instead. Most of these exploration levels do not have enemies to fight and instead have some sort of environmental hazard like bursts of fire, poisonous clouds or icy gusts of wind. I commend the developers for trying something different, but in this case I wouldn't call it a success. Too often these places felt mostly empty. The best moments in these levels are the locations where the camera pulls back to reveal a grand view of some noteworthy creature or landscape while Thora or the narrator briefly explain what it is.I am giving this game a recommendation, but a cautious one. It is a highly rated game but it is not for everyone. I found my greatest enjoyment after completing the game once. Then I could go straight to each boss and hone my skills against them until I was capable of unlocking their achievements. However, judging by Steam's global achievement statistics, I am part of a very small minority that ever made it this far. Just less than 1/5th of all players who have slain the first starter jotun ever go on to finish all six. For such a short game, that seems like a bit of a red flag to me.P.S. Thanks to the dev in the Discussion threads, ClockworkXI, for getting me a quick response and solution to my PS2 controller problem that cropped up after the December patch."
,Recommended,323580,18323009,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DOSH BONES,"As a lover of Norse Mythology, I bought this game on a complete whim because I liked the trailer.Gods above did I get my money's worth.The art style is atmospheric and satisfying, the music is phenomenal and really gives off a time-lost feel, and the level design shows that the creators understand exposition like an art.This game doesn't have as much combat as you think it might, but when it does it is phenomenal. Every boss either puts up a good fight, or absolutely kicks your teeth in.Game mechanics are simple but tight.If you're not into Mythology, this game might seem a bit out there at first, dropping you into a world of complicated names, many layers, and very strange beings. However, even those not immediately interested in the world will appreciate the gameplay.9/10 - Fantastic. One of the most pleasant surprises I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,323580,18423836,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Genoce,"2/5 was disappointed.I really wanted to like this game, since its structure reminds me of Shadow of the Colossus and Titan Souls, both of which I loved.Good parts:The art, if you like it. I didn't really care for it. The best parts are shown in the screenshots.The ""tutorial"" zone, meaning first boss and everything before it. I feel like the game went downhill from there.The last boss, which is the only one that I can say I really enjoyed.Bad parts:Pacing. This is where the game failed hard for me. If the pacing wasn't so bad, rest of these negative things wouldn't really matter.To get to a boss, you need to run through two exploration zones. These two zones are mostly really, really boring - just follow the map and keep running. In some zones there's a few enemies or something to avoid, but mostly it's just ""exploring"".""Exploring"" didn't feel like exploring. All the exploration zones have maps and are pretty straightforward. Going to a new zone went like: ""This theme looks pretty"" ""I need to run there"" ... 5 minutes later ... ""how long do I still need to run forward?""The exploration zones don't even have any real music, just some ambient.Since the level art seems to be a big part of this game, it's weird that the camera is really close most of the time. The combination of the background art's style and the camera distance makes it feel like you're trying to look at a big painting through a magnifier, with no way to look at the full image.The few puzzles/gimmicks in the zones were often repeated too many times. The best example is a zone where you attack lightning pylons to ""draw"" a constellation, which is shown next to it. It was nice the first two times. Not so much after doing it 8 times in a row with bigger and bigger images.No checkpoints in the exploration zones. Imagine that you run 5-10 minutes through a zone, then you die (possibly get bombarded with something that you couldn't really expect). Have fun running through the boring part again. Good thing is that there isn't many things that can kill you.Boss design was average at best. Stay away and look at how they project which attack, avoid them, slap them in the face. At half health they enrage and get new abilities. Stay away while learning those, go slap them. All the bosses felt like you're just repeating the same rotation over and over for a long time. Most bosses don't even care if you're there or not, as they do not seem to react in what you do or where you stand (most of the time). They just keep doing their thing while you do your thing and the one who still has HP in the end, wins.Some of the boss models were unclear about when and where they can be attacked. Imagine a dude who floats above the ground and you can sometimes hit his toe and sometimes not, even though both positions seem like they should be in your reach. Of course these can and will be learned with trial & error, but eh.TL;DR: If you like the art, check screenshots from here and around the intertubes. There's not much else going on in here."
,Recommended,323580,22743161,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Joos,"Really cool writing and story set in the Norse mythology about the Aesir. Beautiful hand drawn graphics, icelandic voiceacting that sends shivers down my spine and a compelling soundtrack.Short and sweet and doesn't overstay its welcome."
76561198072182182,Recommended,323580,26183628,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"This game is gorgeous through and through, but it's really all about the bosses -- and these big bad bosses, handdrawn and animated titans from Norse mythology, do not disappoint in their terrible majesty!  Contrarily, the long levels between you and the bosses (two for each) are a bit of a dull slog for all the loveliness they contain, and you'll probably find yourself saying, ""Just lemme fight that damned giant already!""  at some point.Don't let the padded levels turn you off if bosses are your thing though; the stagesarebeautiful and you get to hear cool tidbits of Norse myth as you traverse them, and maybe if I wasn't so impatient with videogames these days, I'd find something poetic about the long silence presaging the thunderclap.Thunder Lotus is a talented developer I'll be watching!"
,Not Recommended,323580,22109324,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Villith,"I really wanted to like this game, but I just cannot. The art style really struck a chord with me, and I am a sucker for norse mythology. I still listen to the soundtrack, and absolutely loved the Icelandic voice-overs. If this had been a cartoon, I would have stuck with it for an entire season with no reservations.As a game, Jotun just does not deliver much in the way of fun. The trailer on Steam is highly deceptive, making it appear as though you will be involved in tense boss battles by using lots of quick edits. The reality is that enemies are few and far between, and the majority of the game is a walking simulator. A very slow walking simulator.The slow pace is reflected in the combat as well. Thora only has two attacks with her axe, a standard swing, and a slower, heavier swing. Pretty common in many games, but how it changes is just how absolutely slow Thora swings when using the heavy attack. It takes about eight seconds. Eight seconds of standing still, vulnerable, with your hands over your head like an idiot. It is nearly unusable in combat, and only useful to clear obstacles out of your path. This leaves us with only the basic axe swing for the majority of combats. The hit boxes feel a bit suspect at times as well. There were several moments where the animation went through an enemy only to not have it register any damage.The camera is also a pain. It will zoom in uncomfortably close at times, and other times will zoom out to show a beautiful landscape and leave you a tiny dot on the map, making it somewhat difficult to get around corners or not get stuck on scenery. The camera moves at a slower pace than the character, leading to times where Thora was very nearly walking off the edge of the screen. Having to stop and stand still while the camera meanders into place just so I can prevent from walking into a lightning trap just slows down an already glacial game.I really wish the developers had made up their mind on whether they wanted to create a puzzle/exploration game or an action game. Had they taken combat out entirely and left the axe only for puzzle solving, I feel it would have been a tighter game and invested the player more into the world. Had they sped up the combat, movement, and camera the game would be quicker, but also more grounded with the idea of Thora as a seasoned warrior. As it is now, Jotun feels like a walking sim with poor controls and frustratingly simple, yet ineffective, combat."
,Recommended,323580,22905602,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,cheleryuken,"For a moment I wished I couldve stayed there forever.... seriously Im not sure if this is a game, a drug, a trip or all of them. I cannt recomend this enough specially if you are coming from the PS2 era.... If Shadow of the Colossus means anything to you this is a MUST HAVE for you!"
,Recommended,323580,34389166,Posted: 20 August,all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝒆,"Jotun is a fantastic game, with beautifully draw graphics and an amazingly interesting story. It is one of those games you can say its not only about fun but learning as well.It is a relatively short game but that is not a negative point. The challenge is average and it provides insight and tactic combat.By means if you enjoy hand drawn graphics and action/adventure games, Jotun is one of those titles that you would remember for some time."
,Not Recommended,323580,21627069,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ashman,while the art style is great and the boss battles are suitably epic. this game suffers from being little more than a tedious trudge around boring environments 75% of the time. those boss battles aren't enough on their own to justify a purchase.
,Not Recommended,323580,33099809,Posted: 1 July,all,katergames,"I wanted to love this game so bad. I wanted to love it despite bad reviews, but here's the thing: I didn't. It is beautiful and artistic visually and conceptually. Ilovethe art style and the little details like the light glinting off the battle axe when you use the power attack. The sound effects are nice and it is truly amazing that it is hand-drawn. The bossfights are fun. the play style takes some getting used to. Movement feels choppy because dodge rolls stop you short and you don't start moving again immediately. Once I got the hang of it, this was no longer an issue and I began to like it. However, running around the beautiful areas not doing very much before each bossfight can be tedious and boring. I don't find myself stimulated unless I am fighting the bosses. The interim events are not well executed. I really wish the gameplay lived up to the beauty of the art and story. Unfortunately, I cannot bring myself to recommend this game."
,Recommended,323580,18452325,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Ashes,"Detailed Reviewby AshesSummaryYou are Thora, a viking warrior who died an inglorious death and was sent to Helheim (Norse Purgatory). To be granted passage into Valhalla and prove yourself to the Norse gods you must slay several powerful entities known as Jotun.Jotun is an amazingly well-animated, beautiful, isometric action-exploration game set in Norse mythology, made and published by Thunder Lotus Games.Level DesignLevel design is really well done and non-linear. The game utilizes a hub-like system which you'll see for the first time after you beat the first main boss. Once you arrive at The Void (That's the name of the hub) you are free to choose where to go next, before fighting a boss you have to unlock him by exploring and/or fighting your way through usually two areas and acquiring two pieces of a rune. If you take the time to explore you will find and unlock new abilities and upgrade your health. I found it quite easy to miss or overlook things in the levels because of their complex design. Besides letting you choose the order of what things you do first, the levels themselves are not linear. Instead they are open with lots to explore.Every single area in the game is exceptionally unique, well thought out and offers its own challenges which take the form of completing platforming sections, fighting enemies, solving puzzles or traversing environmental obstacles. Jotun does a wonderful job of diversifying the experience and keeping it fresh through the game. Not only are all the levels different in terms of gameplay, but in terms of their themes as well.GameplayCombat and overall player mechanics are rather simple. You can dodge, do normal attacks, heavy attacks and use different abilities once you've unlocked them. Amazingly enough once you get to play this for yourself you'll see that the way the game is structured makes this rather simple combat system feel deep and satisfying. Instead of having a mana bar you are limited to use each of your skills twice, after that you'll need to replenish them at special fountains scattered throughout the game's areas and before boss fights. You can't use a fountain to heal yourself and restore your powers more than once without leaving the area and returning.So far the bosses and enemies I have seen have been outstandingly remarkable. Every encounter in Jotun has forced me to develop new strategies and ways to prevail. Button mashing and brute force will not work in this game, instead you will have to learn how to adapt to different scenarios and situations. Your approach is bound to change every time you face something new.Another thing reminiscent of the Souls series is the absolute lack of hand-holding which I personally adore, but some people might fight frustrating. You are told small bits of the most relavant and basic information and left to figure things out on your own.Sound, Graphics and StoryThe soundtrack is another thing the devs have simply nailed. Every fight and level has its own theme which often compliments the graphical theme of the said level. The story is rather simplistic so far, but the more you play, the more you'll learn about Thora and her life.Sound effects, voice-over, ambience, the soundtrack and the amazing graphics and art style of the game combine together to make your experience truly unforgettable. Animations are just astonishing and breathtaking as much as everything else in the game.Technical DetailsJotun is very well optimized with little to no bugs so far and should run even on weaker and/or older machines. The character controls smoothly and keybinds are fully rebindable. The graphics options are lacking, but I doubt there is any need of a more diverse menu of options considering how well the game runs.ConclusionSo far I've played for about 4 hours despite of Steam telling me I've played only 3. I've managed to explore three areas and defeat two bosses as well as just fool around in a couple of other areas just to check them out. Remember that to face each boss you must collect 2 rune fragments from 2 different areas excluding the first one where you just have one big area which means I still have plenty to do. I think this game will be around 6-8 hours long, but if you fail at beating the bosses a lot it could seriously prolong your experience.The game is very challenging which might frustrate casual players or the faint of heart. It also takes a while to fully explore areas and gather everything from them. There is a total lack of hand holding as well which might prove difficult if you're used to more linear games like Call of Duty.All in all if you've skipped the whole review all the way to this section I must say once more, I completely love the game and everything about it. The setting, gameplay, music, story, boss design and level design are all amazing and my only problem will be not having more of this when I finally finish the game.One last thing I want to say before I finally finish this review. This whole game has an amazing amount of details everywhere, all the things I've mentioned previously and this make this one of the most immersive experiences you could ever get.PROSEvery level is unique in both theme and mechanics.Lots to explore and findBosses are remarkable and very challenging.No hand-holding.Soundtrack and art style are amazing.Runs perfectly smooth.Progression is not linear.Really immersive.CONSProbably not going to be the longest of games.I'm sorry but I just can't think of anymore cons."
76561198012205383,Recommended,323580,18268145,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Madvillainy,"JotunPlatform: PC WindowsGenre: Action/ExplorationIntroduction:Thunder Lotus Games first title Jotun, another positive outcome of a successful Kickstarter campaign, is an epic trot through a world of Norse mythology. It’s a top-down action exploration game that pits you against large foes and beautiful, yet treacherous landscapes. Jotun delivers challenging boss battles, but it also focuses heavily on building atmosphere and anticipation rather than throwing countless of enemies at the player. The considerable amount of downtime before these fights might put off some gamers, but if you’re able to absorb yourself in the world through its beautiful hand drawn visuals, powerful soundtrack, and epically cool voice-overs, you will also find the boss battle well worth the buildup. It might also make you want to read up on your Norse mythology knowledge.From the roots of Yggdrasil to The Northern Sky:Jotun tries to pack as much Norse mythology in every area of the game as it possibly can, but a few creative liberties are taken. Both gameplay and presentation might draw your mind to games such as “Journey” and “Shadow of the colossus” as you explore vast environments with gorgeous vistas and face larger than life boss battles.Playing as Thora, a young Viking warrior, named after the god of thunder Thor himself, you are tasked with defeating 5 mighty Jotun to earn your place in Valhalla after dying an inglorious death. Thora must travel through five regions and find two runes in each and every one to summon these giants, all possessing a certain elemental property. There are few enemy encounters in these levels but they all present unique stage hazards that keeps you on your toes and prevents the overall experience outside of the boss battles from feeling repetitive.Each region has two levels and presents its own feel but they aren’t all executed as well. The winter region Niflheim (yes, they are all tongue twisters) has one level with quite a boring and unimaginative layout and the other one has an annoying stage hazard that forces you to stand behind walls quite frequently to avoid deadly storms. The fire region also had a spot where I accidentally killed an enemy that I needed to take advantage of in order to progress, and it didn’t re-spawn, forcing me to restart the level. A very minor design flaw perhaps, but it needed to be mentioned. The Jotun of the storm region, even with its badass design, wasn’t as dynamic and fun to fight as the rest.It might be a tad bit inconsistent, but besides the aforementioned weak points, it is truly enjoyable exploring every region and level to find health upgrades and gifts of power from the different gods, which you will sorely need. It doesn’t hurt that the soundtrack is beautifully put together and the Icelandic voice-over help set the desired tone.Impress the gods:The introductory level in Jotun teaches you everything you need to know about the controls without it feeling like a tutorial. At the end of said level, a tutorial boss is introduced to make sure that you’ve got the basic controls down before facing off with the first Jotun of the game. There are no advanced button combinations needed to become the conqueror of the Jotun, but it is far from an easy task. You have your standard light attack, heavy attack, dodge button, and one button to execute your god powers that will give you different ability boosts that lasts only a couple seconds. Thora’s heavy attack takes a few seconds to execute and her dodge roll has some end lag to it, so timing these correctly can be the difference between success, and sometimes instant death.It’s a game that gives you a satisfying challenge with dynamic and responsive gameplay, instead of just having complicated controls and it all culminates in a moment where you must prove that you’ve mastered the timing of dodging and attacking, not only to the gods, but to yourself as well.Summary:All in all, this is a great debut from Thunder Lotus Games but I can’t help but feeling that it had the potential of being so much more. Even for an indie game I’ve come to expect a bit more content, and the few traces of puzzle exploration felt lacking. The lack of enemy encounters and meaningful tasks to keep you engaged gameplay wise might also hamper a second play through, as I loved taking my time exploring every nook and cranny and savor this living painting of a world, but the second time around, I found myself rushing through most levels just so I could get to the main attraction. Your level of enjoyment might come down to how much you’ll be able to immerse yourself in the game and appreciate the awe inspiring scenery.Ultimately though, The pros far outweigh the cons, and thematically speaking, I found Jotun to be a breath of fresh air, and I wouldn’t mind revisiting similar scenarios in gaming in the future. Dynamic battles along with a powerful score and occasionally breathtaking artwork all come together to create an ultimately satisfying experience. It might leave you wanting more, but still happy with what you got.8/10"
,Recommended,323580,33543310,Posted: 14 July,all,MikoWilson,"I loved this experience. It is beautiful, with a simple story that excited me. The boss fights were challenging, but never felt overly punishing.Thanks for a great time!"
76561197962537193,Recommended,323580,22658353,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,LoafyMolasses,"Goregeous to look at, great gameplay, immersive in presentation.  I'd say ""Like any great game, it just felt like it was too short"" but this one was a bit short...  But don't let that stop you from trying it, it's fantastic."
76561198025902156,Recommended,323580,20421625,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,(AB) Slow Moth,"What frustrates me the most about Jotun is how agonizingly close it is to being an excellent game. The assets are there. Just something went wrong.In Jotun, you play as Thora, a Viking warrior who was drowned, and now is set on the path to defeat several giants known as jotun to impress the Gods, so that you may be accepted in Valhalla. It's a neat concept for a game, and the Norse Mythology theming is wonderful. Much of the lore is integrated into the game's environment, and I found myself learning a bit about the mythology.Thora herself feels pretty damn good. Her movement and attacks are slow, but this is to encourage a deliberate playstyle; she feels very weighty. Her moveset is basic: a roll, a light and heavy attack. You also collect some power-ups to aid you. The massive jotun fights are the focus of the game, with short exploration segments prior, giving the player some nice quiet time. The fights are intense, grand, quite difficult, and definitely enjoyable. I genuinely found myself wanting to replay some of these fights even after I finished the game.The presentation of the game is top notch. The hand drawn visuals are wonderfully animated, and each Jotun has it's own distinct style, most of which are really killer (one or two are not my style, but that's preference). Thora's sprites look gorgeous. A lot of care has been put into the visuals. The music is excellent as well, ranging from ambient, to somber, to bombastic. Some tracks really stick out here. The sound design is pretty effective as well, and the dialogue spoken in the character's native tongue really adds a lot, as well as being excellently delivered by her voice actress.That's all great. So what went wrong?There are a few things. The game has a nasty habit of breaking immersion. Some of the UI seems out of place for the theming, and all the areas are disconnected from each other in a hub area. The game world doesn't feel cohesive, instead feeling like a series of levels to complete, rather than a living world. The aforementioned lore, too, also doesn't feel as ""alive"" as it should, with certain aspects of the mythology just plopping themselves in. You very rarely encounter smaller enemies, so everytime you do, it feels very awkward. The backtracking can be frustrating often because of the size of some of these environments, and the speed of your character. Often, the game will pretty much just tell you what to do explicitly, and this really hurts the game. No longer do I feel like a sick viking adventurer, instead, a person playing a game in a chair, being told what boxes to check in order to progress. All this and a dissapointing final boss battle, whose design is the least interesting in the game (really?) takes this game from an ""awesome"" to a ""pretty good"".I want this game to be good. I desperately want this game to be better than it is. Allow me to clarify: Jotun is definitely a good game. I am recommending it, albeit tentatively, after all. I love the feeling and aesthetic of much of this game. It's just a shame there are blemishes throughout which make it, all together, just pretty good."
,Recommended,323580,19665724,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Andre Solo,"This game beats you down so heavy it makes you remember YOU'RE FIGHTING NORSE GODS!Both fists high up in the air every time I finished a stage....which... so far... happened only TWICE (those are Norse entities, you know!?) Mechanics are so damn simple and yet you have to manage mastering timing, patience and guts in order to beat ANYTHING (seriously a great satisfaction - and no, it doesn't mean memorizing enemies moves, like many other difficult games)PLUS:-graphics are amazing - you can tell by the screenshots-it's becoming a cliche already, but, as a guy,  I think it's nice you play a female viking for a change-simple mechanics, hardcore gameplay-enviorments and camera give you the feeling of being just a helpless dude exploring and fighting a world way out of your league (not to mention bosses sizes compared to yours)-norse mythology in a really great, beautiful approach"
,Recommended,323580,22902682,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,EliteGunm4n,"This is a great little action game. The art style is beautiful and interesting, the world is rich with mythology, and the gameplay is solid, fluid, and exciting. I highly suggest you give it a try, especially while its on sale.If you want to see what it plays like, here you go:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hTBmQk1rVE&list=PLaF2Id8lc_Flf3XsrRtiQ4WMtsxchkLFq"
,Recommended,323580,20049727,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Uras,"-Start the game.-Found first boss.-Start Fighting.-Mom enters my room.-Asks ""what are you doing?""-""Trying to prove myself to the gods"" i say.-She cries.9/11 would cry again."
,Recommended,323580,22921829,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Boredbanker,The artwork on this game is worth the price alone. The fact that it's fun is the icing on top.
,Recommended,323580,19698323,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nick,"BUY IT!This game is simply perfect. The gameplay is simple, the art is beautiful and anyone who like Norse mythology is going to love the story.Go out there and slay some giants!"
,Not Recommended,323580,29734128,Posted: 5 February,all,vokiel,"The gameplay is just boring in Jotun. It's split into 2 facets, exploring levels and fighting bosses. Exploring levels is limited to not run into harm. Fighting bosses is limited to avoiding devastating blows while finding a way to chip the boss health. The scheme is just too simple and to be quite frank it's just either too stupidly easy or just too damn frustrating. 2 hours into this and I have a feeling I'll get stuck on some boss for several hours and that'll be the extend of the game.That is if I can overlook the buggy control scheme which seems to get screwed every now an then with the attack bindings no longer working. The game is made and tested for a controller, otherwise it is lacking and botched. For that reason I have no plans on recommending this title."
,Recommended,323580,22476632,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Paps(),"Pros- Simple but effective combat, beautiful animated graphics, immersive voice acting and music, challenging bosses especially if trying for steam achievements.Cons- Hitboxes tend to be annoying and unpredictable sometimes, animated resolution on the bosses often can bleed or tear, some load screens take ages.Buy if you are a fan of old Norse Mythology themed games or just like boss fights where you are a lone warrior against titanic foes."
76561198049350749,Recommended,323580,22911178,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Skirlasvoud,"This game has a hawk your size, sitting on top of the head of an even bigger eagle, both carefully eyeing you to decide whether you look tasty. If that's not enough for you:While the actual game mechanics are somewhat rudimentary, it is MORE than made up for by its excellent artwork, atmosphere, style and the variation those mechanics are capable of demanding of you. Set on the foot of the World Tree from Old Norse mythology, you're going to be travelling to several different worlds. Bar none, all of them are imaginative, unique, breathtaking and surreal in their own right.From walking among the stars, sliding across the ice hunted by a giant drake underneath or walking on top the lush, dew dappled leaves of a single giant tree, each environment presents different gaming aspects, from fighting overwhelming numbers, puzzling, pathfinding and timing. While the mechanics are indeed rudimentary, they never become boring in their versatility.The music, little touches in the animation and the breathtaking landscapes make each of them uniquely memmorable. The game is in Norse, but even though I couldn't understand the language, the calmth and quiet determination in Thora's powerful narration means you don't need to. The foreigness only adds beautifully to this otherworldly adventure, while you browse the subtitles to know what's going on when arriving at vistas.It's a bit short, but nonetheless an extremely rich adventure that I could reccomend to anyone who wants to be inspired, amazed and impressed."
76561198142099129,Recommended,323580,22913216,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[2.Han.IR]Goldmania™,The moment you realize you love Nordic mythology and language is the moment you started a new game in this game.10/10 Would try to repeat what Thora and the narrator said everytime and look like a ret*rd from outside.
,Recommended,323580,24743961,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,IvanLeTerrible,"Jotun is an adventure game based on the Norse mythology.VisualsThe graphics and visuals in this game are stunning, all high res hand made drawings that give a cartoonish and fairy tale atmosphere to the game. In some points during the gameplay, the camera will open wide and get far from your character so you can observe the amazing landscape.Game PaceThis is kinda odd, but Jotun is not a hack and slash adventure about killing hordes of monsters coming to you. Most of the time you will be exploring the environment and just walking through the landscape. So, I would say that the game is usually very slow paced with peaks of action on the boss fights. Dont get into the game if you dont like to slow down and explore, cause thats what you will be doing most of the time.Boss FightsThe boss fights are the moments were the action peaks and the game gets intense and challenging. Mosts boss fights are a fight and a puzzle at the same time, were you have to learn and observe the bosses' moves and patterns before attacking. Also, the difficulty degree gets really high on the late bosses. It kinda reminds me of Dark Souls a bit.Overall impressionMy experience with this game was good, I enjoyed in the exploring parts and had a thrill during the boss fights. I just dont recommend you to play this game while you are sleepy, cause the slow paced walking parts and the backgroung music are going to get you down soon. But, overall its a very solid game.I give it a 3.7/5.0"
,Not Recommended,323580,29027915,Posted: 4 January,all,BreadLust,"This is an art style in search of a game. Unfortunately, it doesn't find much of one. Beautiful environments filled with humdrum puzzles, intriguing bosses with even more mysterious hitboxes. Pretty but wildly overrated."
76561197971308505,Not Recommended,323580,23686700,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Swiskon,"Jotun is a puzzle platform game without the jumping. What it got for it is the looks, ideas and the chosen mythology... nothing more really.The puzzles are not very tricky but somewhat good. The game however has it's focus on the boss fights. The biggest problem with the boss fights are that they aren't that tricky. The times I had a problem, it was because I couldn't see myself or the fact that the controls can be slightly slow on reacting. The fighting feels stiff and awkward. This is on purpose I think to make the fights more focused on timing rather than mashing a button. I think this is a good choice but it does feel a bit off at times. Making it as previously stated, stiff and awkward.The looks are good but the pictures give you a sense of hugeness that is not there the same way “in game”. They do however have some great visual moments. One such occasion is when you can see a big statue in the distance, way bellow you and it turns out to be the boss. COOL!The game is short and they try to elongate this by having trophies that are like: kill boss without taking any dam. This is for some people but not me and I think not for most.I do not regret buying this game and it isn't bad. Not bad does unfortunately not mean recommended in my book. Now this thumbs down is to be honest, slightly harsh and if you are on the edge of should I or should I not, then buy it on sale. At the end of it all though, I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,323580,27105412,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boy Blue,"Jotun is my favourite game of all time. It's quite small, but the aesthetics are amazing and the hand drawn models really show. The boss fights are challenging and the maps all introduce something from norse mythology, so if you enjoy norse mythology you will love this game. Achievement hunting in this game is insane, but plausible due to the shortness of the game."
76561198192317554,Not Recommended,323580,25957438,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,thegoldflozzle,"Jotun would have been an amazing movie, or comic, but as a game doesn't hold up.  It's not necessarily impossible, but it's not surprising that so many people have trouble with it.  Too much of the game is walking around at a punishingly slow pace, with a poorly scaled map your only guide, and then once you get into the boss fights (which are the only real combat) you wind up floundering; the scale and animation, while impressive and visually stunning, make it a real challenge to both see what you are currently doing and guess what you are supposed to do next.  There were also quite a few instances where I definitely dodged or hit something and it failed to register, leading to my death.TLDR; this game has a lot of heart, and not enough game."
76561198004442983,Not Recommended,323580,29749355,Posted: 6 February,all,BoboShedobo,"I like the animation and music, but the gameplay itself feels slow and clunky with not much variation.  Overall, I don't think it is worth the money.  Maybe as an on sale title for under $10, but I personally didn't like it enough to finish it."
,Recommended,323580,23077558,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dirac Delta Function,"This game is incredible! The visuals are amazing. The bossfights are hard but epic in scale. Beautifully drawn environments that stick with you and a riveting soundtrack make it worth your time and effort. The fragments of Norse mythology are perfectly infused into the story and structure of the game. The special abilities (God powers) add an interesting mechanic to the game. The game can be classified as an action RPG but its all about the boss fights. In a way it is a near perfect blend of Shadow of the Colossus (because of the epic fights and environments being the key element), Dark Souls (bosses can kill you with 2/3 hits and its about dodging and surviving), and Ori and the Blind Forest (beautiful art direction and soundtrack). If i have to score it its definitey a 5/5 or 10/10 or A+ or Recommended. It's a masterpiece. Try it.."
,Recommended,323580,25363956,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,sapkowski's moustache,"Jotun is mostly about exploration and problem-solving boss fights with an underlying flavoursome story based on old Norse religions.For the exploration, the two dimensional art direction is beautifully delivered, the locations have puzzles in and about themselves - though slow in nature, there is always a way for the environment to keep you on your toes.The boss fights, each one presents a unique challenge to the player that requires a degree of thought and careful planning. The only problematic boss fight I found was the second to last battle with Kaunan, the Fire Jotun - I had to try a myriad of methods in order to beat him and I recommend for casuals to prep their butts for that particular fight.As for the story, it follows the tropes of Norse myths and is told to the player through a narrator speaking Icelandic with a relevant language's subtitles, which is quite therapudic and lulls the player into a sense of peace and tranquility before they're roasted alive like sheep."
76561198024766782,Not Recommended,323580,18831655,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,misc7,"Note: I was not able to finish the game because it kept crashing right before the final boss.  However, I looked at a video of the approximately 20 minutes of game that I didn't play.Parts of this game were pretty fun.  The highlights were the boss battles, a couple of which I found pretty difficult.  However, most of the game is wandering around large, mostly empty environments, and the walk speed of the main character is quite slow.  Most of these levels are easy, but I found one part of one challenging, and whenever I died had to spend many minutes trudging back to where I died.  Fortunately, if you die to a boss you don't need to run back a la Dark Souls.There is a simple story associated with the main character, but I found it facile and it did not really connect me to the main character.I think this game overall is so-so, but I'm giving it a thumbs down because of the technical problems that prevented me from finishing it."
,Recommended,323580,18249549,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Zeholipael,"It's like Titan Souls and The Eddas had a baby. And it plays really ♥♥♥♥ing well.Honestly, it's better than Titan Souls could ever hope to be. If you want Dark Souls in 2D, you buy this. This is THE definitive Boss-killing game on PC, with the added perk of having an awesome art style and setting."
,Recommended,323580,22923247,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Davyboy,"The game is fantastic. Beautiful and the ambiance is breath taking, but difficult? Two bosses down while watching Netflix.I recommend fighting bosses with no golden apples and no abilities. Makes a bit more difficult, but still fun. I would recommend this game for those that like exploring and solving simple puzzles.Once again two bosses, so maybe it will get harder."
76561198286906874,Recommended,323580,24542221,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,dexter957,"Pros:The artwork is AMAZING. The scenery, the music and the language create a unique atmosphere. The story  unfolds in a nice pace. The vikings theme is interesting. Nice chance to learn a few things about norse mythology.Cons:The levels are rather unbalanced. The fields are kinda big and mostly empty;  exploring peacefully isn't a bad thing, but the challenges there don't quite prepare you for the boss fights, that tend to be a lot more demanding. Also, some fields require a lot of effort while others are a walk in the park - well this is not essentially a bad thing, just a matter of personal taste, as I would have preferred them to be more even in terms of challenge.Overall I had great fun playing this game, I enjoyed every minute of it, and I would recommend it."
,Recommended,323580,24396931,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Phatom_Caster,"And now, some confessions:Got this game through a piracy torrent... but felt in love with it so i saved some money to buy it legally.I couldn't afford it at full price at first but now it's in my steam library.IT'S WORTH IT.BUY IT!This game is legit in it's boss fights.It shines in these moments so brightly that it hurts.Even the quieter ones, where you are able to discover a huge hand-drawnworld based in norse mythology, give you enough breathing spacethat you are only distracted by the art style, the enviroment design andthe smooth animation of the characters and enviroments.Even still, this game is not perfect.With a minimalistic storytelling and not that much collectibles or items per level,for some players the game will feel empty and aimless.But man...if you are in for some crazy boss fights,stunning animated art style, amazing enviroments withan effective and misterious soundtrack and visual/gameplay narrativea la Shadow of the Colossus, you will love it."
76561197999008924,Recommended,323580,22394088,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Evandendoel,"What a great game - great artwork, great lore, and the music - ohh the music!! Loved it."
76561197982854553,Recommended,323580,22907771,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sage,"Gorgeous game, and I love the game play. Quite a treat. I love the choice to have the actors speak norse with subtitles, it really adds to the atmosphere."
76561198042375319,Recommended,323580,23841703,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TehDanKong,"Absolutely recommend. Short, very sweet but immensely satisfying and beautiful."
76561198012677010,Recommended,323580,18289761,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MLP|BadYuyu,"I absolutely recomend this game! Especially for it's very reasnoable pricetag this game is a steal!To make it short this game is basically the small lovechild of Bastion, Shadow of the Colossus with a dash of Dark Souls. If you enjoyed these games you will very likely enjoy Jotun.The gameplay is tight and precise. There is no complex RPG developement system here but also no unencicary padding. The combat is simple, tight and precise and the rest of the gameplay is very varied for each world and feels very immersive and fitting. The Boss fights are clearly the highlight and batteling a towering creature 40 times your size, that shakes the very ground when it moves is a particularly unique thrill very few games offer!The graphics are gorgous and the atmosphere is very dense. An extra compliment to the developers on how they manage to convey scale in this hand drawn 2D enviroment. The game mostly relies on the Dark Soulsy story telling method of letting you experience the world instead of forcing exposition down your throat (but less cryptic than in Dark souls).With its 8-10 hours the game doesn't overstay its welcome and forgoes stretching content in favor of a fuller, tighter game experience. Everyone who loves immersive atmospheric games and marvels at the feeling of felling a particularly difficult Boss should definately try Jotun. It's a great game : )"
76561197985685147,Not Recommended,323580,21379270,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bots,"Not sure if this is a game or an interactive art book.  The devs didn't seem to put much effort into designing this as the majority of the game has you running around in dungeons often devoid of any enemies to fight.You are forced complete stupid puzzles that serve nothing but a time sink.  When you waste about an hour or so of your time you are allowed to fight one of the bosses of the games.  The bosses do have decent mechanics and are interesting to fight for about 10 seconds, sadly anyone who has played an mmo like Wow and have raided in games like those will quickly find all the boss fights to be under whelming, to say casual at best.Ultimate I feel like this game has wasted my time and was built with that purpose in mind."
,Not Recommended,323580,30711219,Posted: 24 March,all,Locrin,Looks pretty good but combat is boring and lackluster and as you trudge trough large empty areas with nothing to do or see you catch yourself yawning.
,Recommended,323580,20759820,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,curly_nuts,"This is a very special game that is quite beautiful and inspiring. You play as a viking woman warrior who drowns and is taken up to the realm of gods. There, she must find special runes to unlock the gates of valhalla. In order to do so, she must traverse five very different worlds (each broken into two separate levels) and fight giant Jotun or guardians. The five worlds are very different and oftentimes entering into a new area feels like playing a different game.The game's protagonist fights with a weak, somewhat fast attack, and a strong, very slow attack. She can also aquire, hidden throughout the levels, magic spells that can heal or make her faster or throw magic spears. The fighting is pretty basic stuff.Where the gameplay shines, however, is in three areas. First, the art is absolutely amazing. It's like beautiful handdrawn art that has an at times abstract quality to it. The is game is a true masterpiece. Second, the levels. Each level is unique and interesting. Different gameplay is employed in each level and different strategies must be used to get through them. Also, most of the spells and life enhancing items are cleverly hidden so there is extra challenge in order to find everything. Finally, the bosses. These guys are not only drawn and animated beautifully, but they are huge. It's like playing Shadow of Colossus in that most of the battles are learning the bosses' patters and weaknesses. It's extremely challenging to tackle these giants but immensely rewarding once you come out victorious. And those hidden spells that you can find? You'll find yourself scouring every corner of every level to find EVERYTHING because you'll need them for the bosses.I'm so glad I got to play this game. In my mind it is a work of art that was a blast to play. I think the developers did an outstanding job and I would highly recommend this game.On a technical note: game ran smooth at 60 FPS and 1080p resolution. I played with a controller and it worked fine. I didn't try keyboard controls, but I couldn't see myself playing this with a keyboard. I never had a glitch or crash and saw no bugs to report. The game is about 6 hours long and there isn't much replay value after you beat it."
76561198046232270,Recommended,323580,30984544,Posted: 6 April,all,TIO_SADAN,"Ok i see a lot of people complaining about this game, i even read a revew where the  the dude was complaining about how hard it was and stuff like that, so ill give it my honest review.yes it has its flaws but no game is perfect, each level is unique, with unique chalenges and mechanics, its not combat focused, most levels doesnt even have enemies, i enjoyed every minute i spent on this game so i definately recomend it.pros:the art is beautiful, level design is great, music gives the right feeling in the right time, boss battles are chalenging but not frustrating.cons:controlls feel a bit clunky at first and the attacks feel too slow. (what can i say, i loved the game, cant realy find bad stuff about it, but that is my opinion anyway)and a little tip for those bad reviewers, please do not review a game just because its not your style, there was one or two bad reviews that seemed to have been written by FIFA players, its ok to try new stuff but dont go trashing a game just because you dont like it's style, for example i would never review a racing or sports game, i dont like those i dont know what makes them tick and i sure as hell dont know what is and what isnt enjoyable in them."
76561198040954632,Recommended,323580,25715847,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Generic Oonorio,"Jotun's a pretty impressive game.To start, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous. Just look at the screenshots for this game. It’s incredible. The game mainly consists of exploring environments to find a rune and other secrets. The game has little combat in the levels and instead focuses on making each level have a unique design and hazards to show off the art in the game. There will be many times in a level that you will be walking along only for the camera to zoom very far out from you to show off a beautiful environment. It feels very cinematic and impressive but never happens at a time that would make it annoying.The animation is also great. It’s less impressive on the smaller enemies that face only in eight directions, but the animations on Thora herself and the larger creatures and bosses are great. Most of the larger enemies are all hand drawn such as the bosses and definitely help put life into their movements. The game does a good job at telegraphing their attacks as well with their shadows so it’s you never get hit from not knowing where an attack will land.The bosses are awesome as well. While the stages focus mainly on the environment, the bosses are where combat shines. Each boss has a unique fighting style and their own set of weaknesses. While most bosses can be beaten by using your axe, each of them has an alternate way to be dealt with.  Speaking of the axe, the axe feels very heavy and cumbersome, but is reflected with the slow and heavy hits that the bosses deal. The game encourages using your lighter attack to sneak in hit when you can and use that heavy charge attack to counter. The game never makes you commit to an attack so it usually never feels like you take an unfair hit.The music is very atmospheric. I’ve always been a sucker for adaptive music, and the music in this game adapts wonderfully. The music is much more subtle in the stages and picks up when you get near secrets or when a major event happens. The music in the bosses picks up as the boss progresses and flows very naturally.There are quite a few problems with it though. For one, a few of the stages can get really boring. While they are all impressive aesthetically, Thora moves at a rather slow speed and it can get tedious to run around a level looking for a secret. It’s also hard to tell where you can and can’t go at times, but the game does a good job at telling you where to go. Lots of levels also require a lot of waiting for enemies or environmental ques. There’s also a lot of RNG in later bosses. While this isn’t usually a problem, it’s really damn annoying when trying for the no damage achievements or speedrun achievements. The controls on the God Powers are also a little annoying. Rather than let you switch with number keys you have to switch left and right through them. It’s annoying when trying to heal or shield in a pinch.Overall, the only complaints I have are very minor. The game is a rather short and pleasant experience with lots of harder challenges to try for once the game is done. It takes getting used to but the first level is makes the adjustment very easy. I’d definitely recommend going through the game at least once and trying for the challenge achievements. (Skip on Valhalla mode if you have too much difficulty as it is extremely hard)"
,Not Recommended,323580,31729002,Posted: 13 May,all,Studious,"This game is stylistically interesting, but not interesting gameplay wise. If you want a game where you hit giant things with an axe, then I guess this is ok. Its distinctly norse, but its also distinctly flash game."
,Recommended,323580,28741925,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[#i] Roger Wilco,"Pros: It's gorgeous and relaxing.Cons: It's kinda slow, so it may bore some people.I didn't have enough time to really give it long run, but it's not what I'm looking for.  I'm going to give it a thumbs up because it's worth a try."
76561198067366719,Recommended,323580,26252723,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,illi,"A beautiful journey into nordic mythology narated in (what I suppose is) old norse. Both story and gameplay is simple, but intriguing. Zones encourage exploring and finding all that is hidden, bossess are difficult but fun. Only problem I saw is that with game not telling you anything it may be harder to figure some things out, but everything is pretty straightforward so all it takes is trying all the controls and watch your surroundings. Artstyle also very interesting and the play with perspective is awesome (though sometimes hard to follow your character with all the perspective changing. And gods forbid if your character is obstructed and you are in a fight). In the end, I´m just glad I overcame my uncertainty about buying this. Money well spent."
76561198024061963,Recommended,323580,22904935,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,DroppinLoads,This game is an authentic work of art and is awesome.
,Not Recommended,323580,22986856,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Taake,"While the game looks nice visually, that is all there is to it.Combat is slow and clunky and there is almost no combat outside of the 6 bosses.Movement is slow and the puzzles are very simple, making everything feel like a chore.The game is very short, only 4-5 hours."
,Recommended,323580,18835163,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,RyanH,"For 20 dollars, I got a better view than Witcher 3, better music than Zelda, and more Norse mythology out of my textbook.Also, the boss fights are ridiculously awesome. The sound track can be used to any setting.11/10GAME OF THE GODDAMN YEAR"
,Recommended,323580,28139368,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,renechiquete,"This game is downright GORGEOUS, the hand drawn works really well. The game mechanics are varied and entertaining and the difficulty is good, leaning towards hard. I like that the game encourages and rewards exploration. The narrative and how it gives steady information about the Nordic mythology is also great."
76561198103432976,Recommended,323580,25812823,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,nyxd,"Jotun is pretty sweet.Pros:-Beautifully drawn-Beautiful Music-Excellent voice acting-Classic gameplay-The story is simple but effectiveCons:-gameplay might not be deep enough for some?-might be too short for some? 5-6 hours-negligible replay valueThe game is broken into 5 main parts, each part consisting of a puzzle level, a beat em up level and a boss fight. The puzzle levels can drag on a bit, but everything looks so beautiful you wont really care. The beat em up stages are fun, not horribly challenging, but most of the enemies have satisfying mechanics and suitable strategies. THE BOSS LEVELS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT. They usually last 4-5 minutes, testing you to have cat like reflexes and use your 6 abilities when appropriate. The game isn't very long, but it feels like it's the right length with little to no backtracking or stupid collectibles. If something is done well enough I don't mind it being short. Some people have complained about it being too difficult, I don't think it's that bad and I don't consider myself a hardcore gamer.Really though, it all just feels good. it's a game that feels like the developers enjoyed making it. it's simple, but it's enough to have you pumped enough to take the punishment of the last couple bosses.Thanks Devs :> :> :>"
76561198012833532,Recommended,323580,31743627,Posted: 14 May,all,Awesomo 2000,"Great little game with stunning visuals, atmospheric narrative, world and challenging boss battles. You might argue it is too short, and I would certainly welcome two or three more bosses, it is still a great piece of art proving even computer games can be artistic."
,Recommended,323580,33595796,Posted: 16 July,all,Challak,"Eye-catching art style, solid combat, interesting puzzles that are refreshingly fair, and a captivating narrative make this a recommended title.Made all the better by being fully compatible with controller and Steam Link!"
,Not Recommended,323580,20957710,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Linkblade,"The game consists of1% slaying enemies9% dodge the level (poison mushrooms, ice wind, ice sea monster, birds, falling rocks, thrown rocks, etc. etc.)15% boss fightsand a huge 75% walking... slooooooow sloooooooow boooooooring walkingWhat is fun about the game?80% boss fight10% epic athmosphere10% learning about nordic mythologyBasically you just walk through all the really easy levels, always on the way to the next cool boss fight. In fact these are no real levels, they are just a tool to evoke nordic athmosphere. Vast open space, alone, ruthless nature and hard punishment. This game is not an action packed rush requiring brilliant skill, this game is about athmospheric mythology  telling and beating all the bosses. I learned quite much about nordic mythology while playing Jötunn.So if you like vikings, want to feel and understand the life of a viking, are open for a little more patience and calmness, and like epic boss fights then play this game.If you search for a fast and exciting play (like me) not ready to soothe your soul, stand aside and let others impress the gods!"
,Recommended,323580,26498839,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","good game, everything looked amazing, the problem with the whole ""everything is hand drawn"" stuff is that everything within a theme looks the same and so you can get turned around easily but yeah it did look very nice while I wandered aroundnice, short, not hard, not easy, love the mythology stuff and how informative it was, so yeah, it isn't the best game ever but it was worth the money and time I put into it."
,Recommended,323580,21898635,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DiconiStrongblade,"I really enjoy this game. The artstyle is GREAT and the boss battles feel epic and rewarding. The only things I don't like about it are that the map doesn't desplay where you are in relation to the area so you have to use general context clues (like which side of the map and where you can't go) to figure out where you are; also, you don't have an AOE attack so I found the 2nd boss fight especially aggrivating. But other than those 2 things, its a great game. Not sure if its worth 15$ but worth every dollar if you get it durring a sale"
,Recommended,323580,21215700,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,gehirnmutant,"Usually I only notice the quality of a game's camera system when it's bad. Good cameras don't stick out. Jotun is one of the rare exceptions from this rule. When you move towards one of its many huge landmarks, or approach one of the massive bosses, the camera zooms out and out and out until your character is just a few pixels large. This provides a sense of enormous, epic scale that so very few games get right. Dark Souls and Shadow of the Colossus come to mind. Never before have I seen anything like this in a 2D game.The gameplay alternates between calm, peaceful exploration that satisfies the completionist in me, and epic, perfectly executed boss battles. The bosses are just the right difficulty - every one of them took me countless attempts to beat, but it never felt frustrating because every time I had an idea how to make it better next time. And there is always some trick to it that makes the fight a lot easier.tl;dr: Stunningly beautiful, unique atmosphere, great boss fights, would buy again"
,Recommended,323580,22015176,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/eyepsychonaut,"The sense of imagination it takes to fully develop a game like Jotun is the same senses used by great artists.  This game touches all the right points, without overdoing anything.  It feels like a lesson in Norse Mythology that I WANT TO LEARN.   The more you savor both the rich hand drawn atmospheres and creatures, you begin to see the scope of the entire game.  How the music and ambience weave together during those gorgeous pan outs, or how your heart races to the music as you put your best ""Shadow of the Colossus"" skills to the test; all of these lead to one final conclusion: PLAY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,323580,21497544,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Magie,This game has an amazing artstyle and atmosphere.9/10
,Not Recommended,323580,18561741,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Taunoc,"I had high hopes for this game.  It is beautifully drawn, and the lore is cool. After that it gets pretty boring. The bosses are interesting but most of them are easy and then the couple others are annoying. There are no  world enemies besides some dwarves and some giants that are really easy to dispatch. The map doesnt give you any idea of where you are and is not very helpful at all, the levels are just time consuming with nothing in them besides runes, apple, and an ability. The final odin fight is just idiotic, and poorly done.  Only buy this game on sale."
,Recommended,323580,22661884,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Hey Beardo,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOsET9wmtXMJotun: The Tradition of StorytellingLong before the internet, even before the printing press, stories were shared by the human voice. Most cultures have a rich tradition of oral storytelling, when communities gathered to hear news from the village over or explore the worlds of gods and legends.Traditional oral storytelling appeared in many forms, from campfire tales to travelling poets reciting sagas and epics. This communal experience fosters an intimacy and always reveals something about the teller and audience. Myths and folklore shared in this manner take on the cultural influences of the speakers, and are shaped and changed in the telling.Though the original version of oral storytelling has largely disappeared, the tradition lives on in films, comics, and video games. One such game, Jotun from developer Thunder Lotus Games, represents a return to this tradition of storytelling.Jotun tells the story of Thora, a Viking woman disgraced in death who travels through the afterlife to prove herself to the gods and earn a place in Valhalla. The game is heavily influenced by Norse mythology, as Thora encounters a number of gods and legendary creatures along the way.Thora herself narrates her journey, in Icelandic with English subtitles. She is essentially the tale-teller, the speaker recounting the story of her travels. The Icelandic narration strengthens the experience, helping to draw the player into the tale and adding a layer of authenticity. Hearing the story directly from Thora also creates intimacy with the player, a crucial element of any storytelling. The narrative structure of Jotun, along with Thora's voiceover, reflects a modern interpretation of classic storytelling. Jotun's visual style also supports this argument while adding additional layers of meaning.Jotun's art style is beautiful, with hand-drawn characters and backgrounds and smooth, stylish animation. The game appears to be a classic Disney film brought to life, full of cartoony style and colourful, memorable characters. Just as traditional storytelling influenced Disney, so does Disney influence Jotun. Tales change in the telling, and tellers change with the times.The visuals also convey the mythic heritage of Jotun, with massive enemies filling the screen and dwarfing Thora. The world of Jotun exists at a certain level of abstraction, with just enough detail to convey the setting yet still remain dreamlike. The world is created in broad strokes, much like a storyteller weaves a tale.Much like storytellers respond to their audience, so does Jotun respond to the player. Exploration is rewarded, often with tangible rewards like new powers for Thora. However, the intangible rewards offered are more interesting. There are hidden locations that will provide additional details of mythology and folklore. These are the real storytelling rewards and are definitely worth seeking out.Jotun isn't the only recent game that represents a return to traditional storytelling but I think it's an ideal example. The combination of narrative journey, intimate voiceover, hand-drawn visuals, and rewarding exploration combine in a package that both draws inspiration from and offers commentary on traditional oral storytelling."
,Recommended,323580,18258193,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,King Solstice,"Saw this game being demo'd at TwitchCon and though ""Wow, a game based on norse mythology? Ive got to try this out!"" So I walked over and met the devs and they explained to me what the game was. I took one look at the hand drawn art and fell in love. A difficult game you keep coming back to no matter how much you rage quit at the fact that Jotuns power levels are over 9000 and your power level is around 5. Great game for those with a mindset for exploration. 10/10 Would die again."
76561198108760839,Not Recommended,323580,30828349,Posted: 30 March,all,Muna,How SLOW can you swing an axe? - find out in Jotun!
,Recommended,323580,28108294,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,TheRaven81,"In the beginning you hear an introduction to the story of Thora, a mighty female viking warrior. As you play you take her on her quest for redemption, and as each level is completed, the story continues to unfold. It's an epic tale of bravery, death, treachery, and revenge.The graphics are beautiful, and the music is great, everything is drawn and animated by hand with very little digital assistance, so it looks and feels like you're playing an old Disney cartoon from the early years - which is a thing you don't see often anymore. And the orchestrated music brings every moment to life.As you play through the levels, you gain powers from the various gods of Norse mythology - Freyja, Thor, Loki, and others. Their powers will help you in defeating the Jotun Giants, but even with their help, it's not an easy task. It's not hard though, either. At least, not in concept. Each boss is basically ""whack at it until it dies"", and you don't have to do it in any specific spot.  But each Jotun has it's own mechanic to go along with it - making things not so easy, So defeating them is easier said than done. But it CAN be done.I think the only negative side to it all is that, as great as this game is - the experience is a short one. There's 5 areas to play with 1 or 2 levels each - 9 levels total, plus the Jotun levels, making 14. I think a DLC package would be nice one day - to include the 4 other worlds they did not make, and add a lot more playtime to it. Maybe a few more powers from the Gods as well. I admit that even though I'm not finished yet, I only have a little over 10 hours of playtime, and already finished 4 of the 5 worlds. Most of that time, I spent in the final levels, attempting to defeat the Jotun. If I were to estimate my final playtime when I finish, it would probably end up being around 12 or 13 hours.TL;DR: As short as it was, it's a great game, and an amazing experience. Definitely worth it's price tag."
76561198013308579,Recommended,323580,20531295,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Kanzler,"As an Asatruar, I am eternally grateful to Thunder Lotus Games for bringing our Legendarium to life in such a faithful manner. I think all Heathen adults should give this a spin, and all Heathen parents should purchase the game for older children to enjoy while learning more about our beliefs.Hail the Gods, Hail the Ancestors, Hail the Folk."
,Recommended,323580,20528714,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,A Cat in A Box,"If you like Norse Mythology at all, and top down 2d hack and slash.  Oh so good."
76561198258773234,Recommended,323580,20886991,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Sour Grape Snape,"This game is beautiful!Likes: The amazing graphics, BEAUTIFUL music, and the use of the Icelandic language!Dislikes: Nothing so far, except that Fe' is BRUTAL! ( still fun, though )"
76561198063502214,Recommended,323580,22142542,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Grimace14,"Beautiful landscapes and character art, wonderful maps to explore and challenging boss fights make this game a unique and fun experience. Not unlike other exploration games of the same type (e.g. Titan Souls), but really preserves its own flavor. The big draw is eliminating the Jotun bosses and getting that relieving moment of adrenaline-triumph after a fight.Although the exposition is really minimal (not necessarily a bad thing), there are lots of moments where this world of Norse mythology comes to life... usually to threaten you in some way! I still get chills thinking of that first moment of terror right before Jormungandr strikes!I will be keeping an eye out for Thunder Lotus' next project for sure."
76561197968561939,Recommended,323580,20067278,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,GrapeS,"This game is amazing! If you like hand drawn animation and a simple action RPG game, centered around norse mythology, then this is worth every penny!"
76561198067480342,Recommended,323580,21069851,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,rakknruin,"Ok I mostly write stylized reviews so let me try and just do a pro and con list, Because I do realy like this game but maybe not for everyone.Pro - Art obviouslypro/con - the game play is very simeple and slow moving at times (Maybe a lot).  Although if you are more interested in picking up a casual game and enjoying it for it's style and to go along for a good ride than like me and many others this is a very enjoable game.It is kind of confusing to me why it has taken so long for video games with the look of cartoons and comics.  I know things like simpsons and south park might have done it at some point but nothing really memorable.  That might be what eles this game does very well it is memorable.Cons - Short by gamer standard (maybe) about 9hrCons - movement and  controls very limited.I would very much like to see a second version of this game!  one with better devil may cry style movement/ the same type of story and art as well as a little more depth but keep the high 45 degree top down with things speeding up at times."
76561198037918108,Recommended,323580,22247182,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Seranth,"Great game!If you have any interest in the Norse mythology, this is the game for you. It is a beautiful interpretation of the Edda with an interesting story. The boss fights are fairly difficult and the puzzles are inventive.Prepare for a story time though since there is A LOT of running in this game and the enemies die in a single hit, the only really difficult parts are the bosses and there are only 6 of those.I am glad I bought and played the game, I just wish there was more to the gameplay outside the boss fights, and more enemies of higher difficulty while running between objectives.For this particular type of game I give it a 9/10, although I may be biased as I'm quite the Norse mythology fan."
76561198043375066,Recommended,323580,18456561,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Shenkie,"Jotun is in it's essence a fairly simple game. You play as Thora, a viking warrior who has died in a shipwreck and is trying to earn her place in Valhalla. There are a few levels and at the end of each one a Boss. Defeat all  the bosses and you face the Final Boss. However, what makes it stand out is the partly the intense boss fights but mostly the world and use of Norse mythology. In my opinion the creators have translated the mythological places, events, and characters very skillfully to the game. It'll keep you busy for a few hours but don't expect to be hooked for days, my playthrough cost me about 5 hours. (including deaths) I'd like to suggest playing this game with a gamepad, as it captures the movements best. Graphics wise this game is a bit...special. It's beautiful, but in it's own ""fantasy"" way. Then again it is hand drawn.One thing that bothered me is the lack of options or key bindings. Furthermore, don't mess with the sound levels. Although the music and effects are just fine, turning them up will result in a LOT of static noise.Jotun is an interesting game to pass some time. Especially if you're into Norse mythology. It can be tricky but the reward of completing it makes it all worth in the end."
76561198124777647,Recommended,323580,28498473,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,"Ok, but this one is a hoot.","Beautiful game and very well made. Though it is a short game, the difficulty of it makes it last a lot longer. Even though some bosses are very frustrating, it is always the best feeling to figure out the trick to fighting each boss."
,Recommended,323580,33675297,Posted: 20 July,all,CrossRoads ☮,"I dont do lots of reviews but i see so many ""bad reviews"" in here that i have to say something about this game.The Art and the animations is so beautiful and hand draw styleThe game is not hard you can easily enjoy yourself with this game and get it to the end without struggle.There is always a voice telling a story( for me this is one of the best things, i love stories, well i think we al do, thats why there is so many series and movies out there)And this is for all the bad comments a see here, is a 10£ game, for a 10£ is game is 15/10If you dont like the genre of the game dont play it, i dont like car game, i dont buy them and i dont write a bad review cause of that :)If you like a short story with a beautiful art and you do like the kind of game go for it, you wont regret it."
76561198025420270,Recommended,323580,24530331,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,me_dandrea,"Top-down Norse-themed exploration/boss rush game.You are tasked with exploring fantastic locations and tracking down runes that unlock the game's bosses. Each location has a unique flair and hides a few secrets, but can lose its appeal if you get lost or die too often. Your character has a dodge roll and attacks with an axe - tools which you'll use against the location's obstacles as much as against opponents.The exploration is complemented by tense duels with powerful giants, that reward fast reflexes and good tactics. Each Jotun has its own weaknesses, and it's possible to find health upgrades and limited-use spells to make the fights easier. There are achievements to encourage you to fight with self-imposed restrictions, but the mechanics aren't quite precise enough for those challenges to feel fair.The game is visually striking, and dishes out tidbits of Norse mythology at various points, although the plot and characters are next to non-existant.Basic, but good at what it does."
,Recommended,323580,33688818,Posted: 20 July,all,Admiral Ufolog,Nice game about norse mythology and culture... However its rather some sort of interactive book or painting than a game. Dont expect hardcore or serious variative gameplay and keep in mind that interpretation of norse mythology in this game is literal.In total: 8 / 10
76561198026904398,Not Recommended,323580,28845797,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ron Swanson,"If you're looking for a nice game to relax and enjoy the beautiful visuals, look somwhere else. The game looks really nice, but it's basically ruined by incomprehensible map and inability to look around with the camera.For an example how to make such games work right, look at Bionic Commando Rearmed or even Dark Souls - the latter had no map at all and yet the world was engaging and interesting to explore. But Jotun managed to make exploration a boring chore - I don't really care about the beautiful graphics when I just want to get to one of the god statues, get the rune and just leave the level. So basially one of the biggest selling points of the game is overshadowed by poor level design (in terms of being able to navigate it, not the looks) and the worst map system I've ever seen in a video game. Either make it right or don't bother at all.4/10, and these points are for visual and sound design only. Gameplay is tedious and the story is not too engaging. Would not recommend to anyone who values gameplay over visuals.P.S.: To the guy who decided it was a good idea to give the final boss homing spears (and yeah, I know how to dodge them, it's just a very cheap move that was considered a bad game design choice at least 10 years ago) - I was very frustrated with those, though managed to beat the boss after several attempts."
76561198190214531,Recommended,323580,22959261,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dio Brando,"If you enjoy beatiful artstyle,amazing voice acting and a nice challenge then this game is for ya.As I mentioned the artstyle is absolutely gorgeous and animations feel really smooth,bosses are awesome and interesting.You'll spend about a 4 and a half hours in this game but if you're a type of person who enjoys getting all dem achievements then it'll take quite a while.Overall the game is amazing and I would reccomend it to ANYONE,ya should defenitely play it."
76561198045922596,Recommended,323580,23122472,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,JoeJ03,"Quick 4 to 5 hour game. Not much replay ability but amazing art, great story and all around great game.  Would recommend to anyone that wants to spend an afternoon trying something new. Great gameplay, great level designs and above all else just absolutely stunning art."
76561198005622164,Not Recommended,323580,33864694,Posted: 28 July,all,Eshajori,"I wish I could approve of Jotun. It was an interesting game with a ton of potential, but I can't recommend anyone buy it for its (relatively cheap) $15 price-tag. It's too short and too shallow. I got it on sale, and even so, I feel cheated. I would not recommend buying this game for more than $3-5.PROS:Beautiful hand-drawn characters, backgrounds and animations.Great soundtrackUnique, sometimes challenging bossesChock full of cool and enjoyable Norse mythology.CONS:Almost zero real gameplay.Massive (if beautiful) open zones void of anything.Bosses are often more frustrating than challengingThe occasional bug is frustrating and breaks immersion.Jotun seems like the well-polished shell of a game that was released too early. I doubt that was the case - what little gameplay exists is complete, minus a few clipping and hit-box issues. Unfortunately the game is too empty to be consistently fun. Off the top of my head (having just finished) are some of the glaring issues:The only parts of the game that feel good or engaging are boss battles. Unfortunately, there are only six and they make up around 10% of the game. Some are fun but easy. Others are harder, but eventually frustrating. While each boss has a unique skill set to deal with, eachstrategyfor the boss is the same: whittle it down at the beginning, then blow all your abilities to end the fight quickly when later phases heat things up. It gets rather tiresome.Speaking of abilities, switching between them is clunky, and they're not interesting or useful. Loki's Decoy doesn't always function as intended, rendering it useless. Heimdall's Shield is so short it more often gets youintotrouble when you expect to be ignoring damage. Freya's Speed CAN be useful in battle, but you tend not to have it because you use it instantly trying to speed up your traversal of each massive, empty ""level"". Sadly you can only use it twice (sometimes four or six times) and it only lasts around 5 seconds. Yet it'sstillworth it to curtail some of the mind-numbing walking.The sad truth is, this game is 90% walking. And not even something fun like platforming. Just walking across zones relatively void of anything. Each level has some sort of one-trick pony gimmick - usually involving MORE walking, but sometimes is about avoiding a little bit of damage or (in three cases) killing occasional hordes of the same exact enemy. Each level's interesting atmosphere is immediately crushed under the monotony of proceeding through it.I understand the thematic scope of Jotun - it's in the name. With Norse mythology at the forefront, the huge scale of the worlds and gods and giants set a certain tone. Unfortunately they executed it in a way that drained the game of what little intrigue it had. The game would be consistently fun if they VASTLY shortened each level or removed them altogether, leaving only the bosses. Alternatively, they could give it more of a Gauntlet: Dark Legacy vibe and POPULATE those levels with a variety of interesting enemies, treasures and puzzles, rather than the same awful ""mechanics"" over and over. I understand that wasn't in the intended spirit of the game, but as-is they've failed to make an experience worth the price-tag.All that said, I think THUNDERLOTUS is a talented studio with great potential and I'm looking forward to seeing how Sundered and other future projects pan out. To me though, this one is a learning experience."
,Recommended,323580,27713302,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bon3r [TimoEyes],"This game is just awesome, the game is pretty basic, but the graphics, the drawings, the bosses, are awesome!Cool music, and the story is nice, simple, short, but better than other games."
76561198081607939,Recommended,323580,27566555,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CLAUDIUS,"For the lovers of Nordic culture and myths this game is for you.It is not only fun but you also learn quite a lot about the origins of Valhalla, The Earth and the creatures which gave shape to it."
,Recommended,323580,28826199,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,JermExMachina,Jörmungandr... and everything else. This game is pretty dang special.I don't want to oversell it but I think this one is straight up art. (it's all art) But this is Exquiste.
,Recommended,323580,28336359,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,rich evans,"i would describe this as a ""must have"" game for anyone. keep in mind that at the time of posting this the time i have now (6 hours) represents two full playthroughs of the game, in one whole sitting each, so if you're looking for a game you'll get a lot of hours out of, look elsewhere. however, jotun makes up for this in other ways, through a beautiful hand-drawn artstyle and unforgettable boss encounters. some of the levels are kind of lame (in particular the crater and ymir's blood both kind of sucked in my opinion) but others are gems (jormungandr's lake, yggdrassil and the northern sky are my favourites) so in that regard it's a bit of a mixed bag, but all of the bosses are fantastic, and fortunately, the game has a boss rush mode.the gameplay is very rewarding of both aggressive and cautious playstyles. the attack animations can be immediately cancelled by rolling, with the only animation with recovery being the roll itself. it all feels very smooth in combat and it draws you right in.so all in all even though you might not get a lot of time out of jotun, i guarantee you won't forget it."
,Not Recommended,323580,20973021,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Polythene37,"I had high hopes for this game but really couldn't get into it.I appreciated the art style and what they were going for, but ultimately found the exploration to be a bit aimless and the combat was very clunky.I usually finish most games that I start but couldn't get any further with this."
76561198079434532,Recommended,323580,28969304,Posted: 3 January,all,Black Guy Sneezing,Its like Dark Souls but you can only do chip damage 10/10
,Recommended,323580,25732415,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,lil coccyx骨,"Loser Reviews: JotunA game where you kill big people for being big, because that'll make you a cool girl and get you into viking heaven.You play as a viking girl called Thora who's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as hell, all muscle, no chub. She kills big people with her muscle and her big axe which is really big.Overall, the game is very pretty, because there are pretty things all over the place, obviously. They're all drawn nicely and in an art style that I very much enjoy.The gameplay is nice but punishing if you don't use any god powers like I did. If you use god powers, you automatically activate easy mode and you are a loser.I would have to give the game a 9/10, removing a 1 because I never rate games 10/10. Just treat it like a 10/10 because this is a must-buy, amazing game."
76561198028516307,Recommended,323580,24340364,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Sir Jackass,"Great storytelling, fun combat, and epic boss fights. What more could you ask for for? Just get it!"
76561198065730918,Recommended,323580,24185395,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kreator,Beautiful interesting 2D game about Scandinavian mythology. You play and learn about gods and world as nordic people used to think the world is. Interesting both for child and grownup for sure.
,Recommended,323580,26482206,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Brackso,"This game is a gem, just love it. The devs of this game has done a great job. It tells the story of Northern Mythology in constructive, mystical, mind blowing way. Puzzles and boss fights that are hard and fun. I just love it when some one in the game industry, creates something out side the box and not just another copy and paste, re-publish game. 10/10 and woth full prize for sure. :)"
,Not Recommended,323580,35034574,Posted: 17 September,all,Miles B Huff,"I really looked forward to this game, since I've been literate in Elder Runes for over a decade, and am relatively ""into"" Norse Mythology.  However, while the art style is nice, the game itself is relatively lackluster, and I lost interest.  The combat isn't super exciting, and the puzzles are more busywork than they are puzzling.  It *might* be worthwhile half-off, but even then, I don't know that I'd ever finish it."
,Not Recommended,323580,28565480,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,duffeknol,"Refunded. I wanted to love this. I sort of did.As mentioned many times, the game is absolutely beautiful. The art is tremendous and the music and atmosphere are wonderful. Those aspects, in many cases, are enough for me to enjoy a game. Unfortunately this is the exception.Jotun has a huge discrepancy between the atmosphere of wonder it tries to invoke and the actual gameplay it presents you with. A game with this aesthetic only suffers from its frustratingly hard gameplay and irritating checkpoints.When a game presents me with a world this beautiful, I want to explore and enjoy it, and not feel like I'm playing top-down Dark Souls where everything is out to kill me almost instantly. The atmosphere simply doesn't fit."
,Recommended,323580,18375234,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Helix101,"It's been a long time since I've played a game like this. No hand holding, no real explanation. Just being told what your quest is and go. So far it has been an incredible journey, and the same feeling I felt when I first played Shadow of the Colossus is being invoked. I know there are a few complaints for the game, but there is so much to appreciate and admire what the developers have accomplished here.I am a sucker for the art style as well. Going to college for animation prior to this, I appreciate it all the more. If you love animated films, or larger than life boss fights, I highly recommend this game.I decided to record a playthrough as well so if you guys are not sold or are looking for gameplay to sell you on it, the first part is now up and viewable.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE_ZEHiKi2ICheers and happy giant hunting!"
76561198032088475,Not Recommended,323580,20533867,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,MVestel1,"Imagine fighting with all the intricacies of the best MMO boss fights, requiring coordination, tactics, and yes, failing while learrning each boss' telegraphs and patterns. Now imagine doing that in a game where you have to be every role at the same time, with no direction or tutorial, no level up system, and a camera that seems to actively work against you. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Jotun.If you are looking for an action game, look elsewhere. I'll admit to only playing through a few levels, but to date, they have been miles of endless, beautiful, but ultimately boring open space. Yes you do occasionally fight monsters, in the same way that in your day to day life you may occasionally have to catch/squish a spider. It happens, its noteworthy for a moment, and then you move back to your mundane existence.When you do get into a fight, it can be summarized in one of two ways, pointlessly underpowered, where you may as well button mash as a means of working out that cramp in your joystick thumb. Or Boss battle of death and carnage, where you will be killed, multiple times, by a boss whose 'pattern' is only marginally above random, and whose attacks will render you into a gooey paste in approximately 3 hits.  If that alone doesn't discourage you, get ready, you'll be told consistently with each death that you have 'Failed to Impress the gods.' which might seem meaningful, if those same gods hadn't denied you all aid, and expected you to face down a literal host of enemies and a giant who, more often than not, laughs at your pathetic attempts to harm it.Combat might be made easier with a tutorial, there are only 2 attacks, a light and a heavy swing, with heavy taking longer. Fun facts you may want to know, the heavy attack can actually stun bosses to break up their big attacks. It can be used to clear certain obstacles, and it is interruptible. There is also a 'God power' button, which does nothing when you start the game. You can get a god power early on, and find more, but unless you randomly hit the button after that, despite having possibly previously tested it with no outcome to show for it, you will NEVER know that it is functional. I was honestly surprised the first time it worked, which some might call the wonder of discovery, and I call lousy planning.Actually that's the greater issue with the game in my eyes, even beyond combat. There is a lack of explanation and clear goals, yet the game is clearly built 'on rails' with a set path where choice and deviation have been eliminated.  I'm not sure what the point of mystery or uncertainty is in a game where these things  will clearly be revealed. It's like watching Scooby Doo, you know that by the end, someone in a monster suit will be in a net and bound or gaggged, no one will be hurt, and all will be revealed, so why get hung up on worrying over what the phantom wrestler or what have you, will do next? Ultimately, it doesn't matter, nothing substantial will change. Jotun seems hell bent on keeping the player in the dark, not offering any information until you pry it from the cold lifeless hands of the latest corpse it bothers to throw in your path as a minor setback. More fun facts, there are 'golden apples' that will extend your life bar. You will not know about these until you happen to find one, leading me to wonder how many I may have missed, and what other 'secrets' were hidden by obnoxious level design. The environments are not destrutible, except where they are, without any clear marking that this may be the case. There are wonderful set pieces that will seem like they are important. They aren't, or if they are, you won't know why, probably ever.Jotun hints at story, a tale of viking glory and mythology, and then gives you a walk through a wonderfully painted storybook scene, where you can fall asleep. Looking for a cure to insomnia? Buy Jotun! Looking for an action game? Have you considered chess as an exciting alternative, where the action takes place minute after minute, without miles of walking between."
76561198093015371,Recommended,323580,18278504,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TooDivine,"Very cool game!Story: 5/10Idea: 9/10Art: 9/10Sound: 10/10Level: 8/10Content: 7/10Fun: highDifficulty: mediumFrustration-Factor: lowReview:This game tells the story of Thora, a tough viking-warrior-woman. Or at least that is what the game proposes. In fact you only get to learn very little about her. Only when you beat one of the five bosses a small part of her story is revealed. No spoiler here but her background could feature a much deeper story than it is delivered in Jotun. Instead you get introduced to norse mythology every here and there which is pretty cool actually but it sure cannot make up for the missing parts. - 5/10The Idea of fighting for glory after death isn't new but the combination with the very deep norse mythology make this very appealing. There are many different aspects to each level and every boss that make exploring and fighting really enjoyable. - 9/10Have you seen the pictures of this game?! Gorgeous I say! The Artstyle really fits the game so much. Awesome job there!  The UI could have been a bit better. In hectic fights it can be hard to recognize the currently selected power when fastly switching through them. They are displayed way to small and to far out of the players focus (talking about mode-error for those design-nerds out there) - 9/10Sound is simply amazing. That feeling you get when walking towards the fire-Jotun. No words for that.Also the voice-over is just great. - 10/10The levels are really different and nice to play. They deliver a certain atmorphere each on their own. I simply hoped there was more variance in each level itself. For example the ""crater"" is pretty repetitive with only one enemy type and the same ""puzzle"" everywhere. - 8/10The game comes with 9 areas, 6 epic boss fights + 1 intro boss + 1 epic midgard serpent. It took me around 7 hours to complete the game and collect/find every PoI. The mythology presented in the game aswell as the awesome voice-over makes you want more! - 7/10This ranking was made-up by myself and only does represent my personal oppinion on the game.I recommend to play this game with a Gamepad."
,Recommended,323580,18430327,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Literally The Worst,"Jotun from Thunder Lotus is more than just a really, really good-looking action adventure game. Its a piece of cultural heritage. Jotun tells the story of Thora, a warrior who died ingloriously in battle and must prove herself to the gods before she can be welcomed into Valhalla. More importantly, its a journey through the locations and characters of Norse mythology. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW:https://youtu.be/_JQ_n-zZldA"
,Recommended,323580,20097052,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Shovel,"Wow this game was a breath of fresh air!Not the usual hack and slash or breeze through the park that you normally get with these types of games.Getting to the heart of it, Jotun is a little bit like Shadow of Colossus, but the intensity has been broken up with sections of exploration and puzzles. Some of these levels even involve no combat (I did not mind this as it brought a nice change of pace).The hand drawn art/animation art style is worth playing this game for alone and is good proof that you don't need shiny graphics to make something look epic!Of course the music is just as grand, after all Jotun is about Norse Mythology!The voiceovers in Icelandic really really help set the scene and aid in the story.The boss design is where this game really excels and I say with confidence they are some of the best I've ever seen in a video game, not to mention that they’re a tough challenge! On each occasion you have to figure out how to take down a giant with just an axe and some abilities you found along the way…but that moment of satisfaction when you finally take them down is amazing!The only thing I could fault is perhaps the ending. Without going into spoilers, I was expecting something more, longer and larger for all that work you put in.Nevertheless, Jotun was a hidden treasure and really glad I played it!The gods should be impressed with this game!"
76561198066682233,Recommended,323580,19319859,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Salador80,"Jotun is a hand drawn game, beautifully depicted. To call it hack and slash is generous, it does hve exploratory elements to it, you play Thora.....A Viking warrior (potentially she could be seen as a shield maiden) who is killed while defending her father from her jealous brother who fears she will become leader (jarl) of thier community after thier father dies. she finds herself in the other world.......she is inbertween life and death and is tasked by the gods to entertain them, to indeed earn a place next to them in Valhalla. Odin tells Thora she is to take on a race of giants, enemies of the gods called the Jotun (pronounced YOTOON). To help you along the way you can call upon help from the gods by using the power of  Frigg's (wife to odin) Healing, Heimdall's (odin's most trusted warrior and defender of the bifrost) Shield, Loki's Decoy, Freya's (godess of the vanir and aesir - associated from everything from love to death lol so quite a busy girl) Speed, Thor's Hammer (Mjölnir - means lightning i think), and Odin's Spear (Gungnir - gungnir means 'the swaying one') . you can also stop at the well spring of life and replenish lost magic/life force. Mimir (The rememberer or the wise one) watches over the well with the eye ODIN gave him (odin traded one of his eyes with mimir in order to gain the wisdom of the ages). the game seems quite sparse of enemies to start but as you play through you find yourself relishing the next peice of story narrated by Thora. i am a lover of mythology in general from anywhere around the world but norse mythology just oozes style. i have found this game which is in my eyes is a guided tour through norse mythology with the occasional boss fight to be unputdownable (not a real word i know) and money well spent. it appears a lot of love has gone into the game itself and i personally would recommend the game to anyone who likes a story driven game with plenty of lore in it. i am quite happy to report no multiplayer option in evidence and will be keeping my peepers open for the next game this studio releases. only thing left is to give it a score:-9 out of 10 (if it had more enemies it would be 10)  - P.S. would love to see this in either a dynasty warriors or god of war vien - propper hack 'n' slash"
,Recommended,323580,33166450,Posted: 2 July,all,SirPugslington,"absolutely excellent, challenging bosses and tons of fun!"
76561198099641941,Not Recommended,323580,30891520,Posted: 1 April,all,exasper,"I was super excited to play this game because it looked gorgeous and I love mythology. However, I was extremely bored and disappointed within about 20 minutes. The combat is slow and uninteresting, and the story was so lackluster it may as well not have been there."
,Recommended,323580,25271499,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DocInCharge,"CONS:Game finishes in 4 hours if you aren't a %100 complationist.PROS:Everything else you can imagine.Very good game, a must get if you like Norse mythology. Yes, it is short but every moment worths its' price tag. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,323580,25447059,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,TehDoctorinMC,"After playing Jotun, I can honestly say that it's amazing.  The art style is great, the music is beautiful, and the controls are nice and responsive.  If you're a fan of Legend of Zelda, you'll love Jotun.  There is so much to explore and so many enemies to defeat.  The bosses are difficult enough to take a few tries, but not impossible to beat, which encourages thinking of new ways to go about defeating them.  I recommend this game to everyone, it is definitely worth a good playthrough."
76561198062293129,Recommended,323580,25449473,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SoulVamp,"I do not really understand ppl who give a bad review to this game saying its reppetitive and we only have 2 opption attack. Firstly, you have to understand thatthis game was made to tell us a story not to be the Witcher 3. What is more we have special powers witch change our attacks. This game may be short but boss fight are awesome and each of them have manny unical patters. People who want to relax and hear interesting story should buy it. Game may be not worth 14 euro but 7,5 is another story. It is now on sale with great price so do not wait buy it and lets all meet in Valhalla !!!"
76561198018625493,Recommended,323580,25468467,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,PenguinPocketz,"I have to say, this game really impressed me, I wasn't immediately sold on the gameplay, but the visuals were gorgeous, but after playing I was definitely wrong, the gameplay is quite engaging.Something to note, which normally doesn't get enough attention, the sound mixing and voice work were excellent, unexpected from a smaller studio.Gameplay while a simple moveset, finds use for every power, without requiring them, and boss fights I found myself using all of them, which reflects good design.Definitely recommended."
76561198162861542,Recommended,323580,25269697,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,known_only,"This game was amazing, one of the best i've ever played. Thunderlotus did a great job making this masterpiece. So fun, and the amazing retelling of norse myth is absolutely the best renditions of it ive ever seen. Such authenticity and accuracy to a very ancient set of stories. Jotun alongside hyper light drifter are two of the best titles i've seen and beat this season, low fi/indie games are making a comeback and i cant wait to see what else this studio makes.BOSS BATTLES ARE AMAZING AND CHALLENGING! The hand drawn aspects of the game really come out in these fights and you see just how much work was really put into this game. Some are easier than others but again like hyper light drifter I enjoy not having the option of selecting skill modes versus actually learning how to play the game well - as you will have a hard time progressing if you do not try to master things like dodging. The God powers are fun and varied in their uses, i found them hard to use on keyboard so i set my powers button to middle mouse, and and their scrolling to the left and right mouse scrolling buttons on the side of any gaming mouse - this made a huge difference for me anyway.**My complaints! I think thoras attack systems needs just one additional swing instead of 1-2, it would be more enjoyable to use the minor attack with a 1-2 quick 3 kind of swing it would just feel more natural and less slow, and her power-swing should have a secondary visual for contrast instead of just the one with maybe a side swing animation and lower grunt as the same power attack sound on repeat in certain areas was a little annoying and breaking the ambience after a point.**Maps are relatively straight-forward, they say its explorer but the path is pretty set so getting lost is never really something you worry about + there are a few little neat sneak in scenes where the camera pans out to reveal some great sights from this new game about an obscure but classic myth brought to life again, its got a big place in my heart now.Im grateful to Thunderlotus for this game!"
76561198027086012,Recommended,323580,25474384,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,pirateashes,"blows my mind everytime i play it! great art style, quick playability....meaning you can play for just 15 mins or so and feel like you have accomplish something"
,Recommended,323580,29596809,Posted: 30 January,all,lizardtopia,"Interesting game, one of the first Ive played like this. Will definitely be giving similar games a try now. The last few years I have been playing mostly FPS and strategy games, but grew up playing anything and everything I could get my hands on on consoles.It was a good game, albeit a little slow."
,Recommended,323580,25848315,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,EdwardZM,"THE BOSSES AREN'T HARD, YOU JUST SUCK!!!!!You like shadow of the colossus? (not the exact same boss gimik, but a bit close)You like that a game doesn't grab your hand like if you were stupid?You like a solid and challeiging dificulty that you can manage to master and dominate? (seriosuley, you suck)And plus, beautifull sceneary, amazaing score, and expertly drawn designs.Then this game is for you.If you have a short temper, not much passience, and get bored with puzzles, then skip this game."
,Recommended,323580,28438621,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ansuzgardaraivo,"Beautiful graphics, wonderful music and enormous dosage of satisfaction you are going to feel.Jotun is almost perfectly designed and does not neglect any aspect that impacts gameplay.It is also a great introduction to Norse mythology.I bought it for £6 and it was way too cheap."
,Not Recommended,323580,29011210,Posted: 4 January,all,Ademys,"Every level is an enviromental hazard puzzle...Let me sum the game up for you:2 levels on enviromental hazard puzzles, fight boss, move to next area.2 more enviromental hazard puzzle levels, fight boss, repeat until game is beat."
,Recommended,323580,19699407,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Qelric,"Fantastic game. Interesting and unique levels, challenging bosses, amazing art. Love it! Check out my video reviewhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=575661045"
,Recommended,323580,18254718,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,NordicGaben,"This game is brilliant, it has a gorgeous art style. very aesthetic and wonderfully simple, there is no need for a tutorial you drop in and instantly know what to do.IT ALSO HAS ICELANDIC VOICE ACTING AND SUBTITLES, Hipp hipp húrrah ! áfram íslandall round very beautiful"
,Recommended,323580,30847508,Posted: 30 March,all,dr0verride,"Great little game. The graphics and animation are very well done. Add that to the great soundtrack and you get awesomeatmosphere.This game is reminiscent of shadow of the colossus. You spend a good amount of time exploring, building tension and suspense, but not too much time fighting peons. Then you come upon a foe that truely dwarfs you in size and power. When you defeat a boss it feels like a real accomplishment.Combat is rewarding and fun, but not flashy. You are not a combo building bad♥♥♥♥♥ You're a human with a heavy axe. It's hard to swing and you need to time your attacks well or you'll open yourself up to taking damage.The bosses are well designed encounters. They're challenging without dipping into frustrating territory."
,Not Recommended,323580,20732566,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ClintostheGreat,"For those of you who would rather watch my video review of this game, here ya go:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYf4g4Br6ZESo the main part of this game is fighting the bosses, which for the most part is fun. But before you can fight a boss you have to complete the two levels that accompany each boss. These levels are there to let you explore this world that they have created and enjoy the artstyle, however it isn’t anything special. Each of these levels usually has one mechanic that is drove into the ground bythe end of it, making you glad that the level is over. This is problematic because the hand drawn graphics make you want to explore and see more of the level, but the mechanics either make it hard to explore or just down right tedious. I found that I was often having to pause and look at the map to reorient myself, which I don’t think should happen in a game like this because I want to be focusing on the art and the world. I want to be looking at this world that they have painstakingly hand drawn. Instead I am constantly opening up the map. Pausing in a game like this should be a sin, but the layout of some of these maps is so poor that it is a necessity. This part of the game is so incredibly boring, that I often found myself ready to quit when I was forced to do them.But once you have suffered through two levels you can reward yourself with a boss fight. The boss fights are without a doubt the best part about this game, but they still have their flaws. One of my biggest problems with them is the combat itself. Combat consists of three attacks: fast, slow, and charge. However all three of them feel sluggish. Once you get past how slow your character is, the boss fights themselves are not particularly impressive. Each boss goes through a moveset, once it is taken below a health threshold it gets a second moveset. It is basically a memorization game. Which isn’t that big of a deal, but for a game whos main draw is the boss fights, I figured that the fights would have been a bit less formulaic than they were. I was hoping for a more reactionary fight, where the boss actually responds to what I am doing, but unfortunately that is not the case. On certain fights you can pretty much just stand in one spot and wail on them and get the best possible outcome. Not all fights are like that, some of them force you to constantly move around and dodge attacks, which was pretty fun.With all of that in mind, I cannot recommend this game. It has good visuals and a few good boss fights, but overall the game is pretty boring and a majority of the boss fights are nothing to brag about.  It feels like a lot of people are getting swept away with the visuals in this game and are forgetting about the gameplay, which is slow, generic, and unimpressive."
76561197982441850,Recommended,323580,24316560,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,prelude2disaster,"I'd like to start by rebutting the claims that Jotun is a puzzle-platformer. It's an action adventure game in the same vein as Shadow of the Colossus in that, most of your time is spent travelling through different areas (the key difference is that there are minor enemies in this game).Story:The story is told by your character as a narrator throughout the game. It starts off confusing as all hell but by the end, you understand what's going on and why you're doing what you are. There's no big twist or anything and the story itself is somewhat mundane.Gameplay:It's fairly typical isometric gameplay which is well executed. You complete between one-three levels to unlock God Powers and the bosses which is where you will spend most of your time and, if you want the achievements, lose most of your patience. Throughout the levels, you're awarded for exploring every inch with Golden Fruit and God Powers (Extra Health and Extra Power Usage). There are five separate worlds which are vastly different in both appearance and the hazards they present.Bosses:The bosses themselves can be completed without too much trouble. When you're going for the kills without using powers it will get much more difficult. There are also challenges to get the bosses killed without getting hit and within very tight time frames.Length:The game itself for a first playthrough will probably take 2-4 hours depending on how much you explore but the achievements will add to that time considerably. I spent over three hours getting the last boss killed with no God Powers but I didn't feel bored doing it, extremely frustrated maybe but not bored.Art & Sound:The artwork is neatly presented and instantly represents the world that you're exploring. Music was fairly minimalistic throughout the game aside the bosses but this worked to the games benefit as it made the battles seem much more chaotic. Both A&S were fitting to the games setting and well executed throughout.tl;dr - Good game, good artwork and sound, fairly easy unless you want all the achievements, in which case it's frustrating."
,Not Recommended,323580,28934435,Posted: 2 January,all,Chiparik,"Honestly, I'd love to be able to give it a neutral rating, but since I can't...Below are my pros and cons. I want to preface the cons by saying that this game wasn't what I was expecting. I was expecting kind of an action/adventure game; run through levels fighting monsters to collect power-ups and proceed to the next area. In reality, this game is more of a (puzzle?) adventure game with very little battle except for the bosses. Your axe will be used to chop more trees and switches than it will baddies.Pros:-Artstyle is nice and animations are well done.-Boss battles were fun for the most part. Challanging at first, but doable and sometimes easy once patterns and attacks are learned.-The small amount of mythology and story were enjoyable. (If interested in norse mythology)-Gameplay is simple. (Nice at first)Cons:-Gameplay is simple. (Never really progresses. Found myself kind of bored by the end; and it's a short game)-95% of the fighting is the boss battles.-For me, a lot of the non-boss levels seemed empty and at times boring.-Too much meaningless running: The scope of areas is large, partially due to the artstyle and how the world is presented, but your character's run speed isn't very fast so I felt like I would spend minutes just running to get to the next place where something would happen/needed to be done.Summary:If you can get it under $10 and you're looking for a short game to kill a few hours with, this isn't a terrible choice. The gameplay is simple and easy to pick-up, but doesn't progress much from what you start with. The areas are large and beautifully drawn, but seem empty and devoid of things to do. The reason I can't recommend the game though is that at $15 (the current non-sale price) I feel there are numerous other games that provide a much larger quality and quantity of gameplay."
76561198041480315,Not Recommended,323580,28910516,Posted: 1 January,all,locotloki,"I really wish there was a ""Meh"" button when giving your recommendation.I bought this in the last sale because I love indy games, Shadow of the Colossus, and Norse mythology.  I got about half way into the game before I put down my controler and never found a reason to come back. I was at first blown away by the art, music, and the attention to detail in crafting this nordic world of giants and gods. I just wish they had put more care into the actual gameplay. The game feels sluggish and unsatisfying to play. You will spend most of your time slowly running around huge levels looking for collectables. The Boss fights themselves are ok, but there isn't really much to them other then hack at their ankles until they die and try to use the usesless dodge roll to get anywhere at all (trust me it gets annoying very quickly).If you were expecting the indy Shadow of the Colossus, this isn't it. If you like art and Norse mythology, you might get a kick out of it."
,Recommended,323580,23020789,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Harmon,"This game was outstanding. If you enjoy SuperGiant Games like Transistor and Bastion then definitely check this out. It is similar to those in scale and quality. It's an isometric adventure game with beatiful hand drawn graphics and a really cool Norse mythology storyline. The game takes around 5-7 hours to finish which is perfect for me. I enjoy games that I do not have to dedicate the next year of my life to, in order to complete it. Because being a middle-aged guy with kids and other interests... I rarely do.What is here is all top quality. The artwork, storytelling, voice work, level design and most of all.. the boss fights. If big, epic boss fights are your thing then don't miss this gem. If I had to find something to ♥♥♥♥♥ about I would say the last boss was a little uninspired compared to the other 5.Outstanding game. Bravo. Will buy the next game this studio puts out. Regardless.**WARNING: video is a boss being defeated. Do not watch if you don't want a minor spoiler**https://youtu.be/UsbE8vIRd84"
,Recommended,323580,33419617,Posted: 9 July,all,PaulFromHC,"Jotun is a short (4 - 6 hours) game with some minor exploration and puzzle solving elements, but is primarily driven by it's epic boss fights. If you enjoyed Shadow of the Colossus or Titan Souls, this will scratch that itch. The hand-drawn animation is nicely done, and the soundtrack is designed to pick up in intesity as the boss-fights continue on, If I had one gripe, it's that the controls feel intentionally buffered for attacking and dodging, so it can take a while to get your timing down on some things."
,Recommended,323580,33156775,Posted: 2 July,all,Pops,"Fantastic game. The visuals, music, and sound are stunning. The gameplay can feel a little choppy, but nothing too crazy. The bosses are cool and difficult but can cheese you more than you'd be comfortable with. Unlike a lot of the negative reviews, I enjoy the slower environments before the bosses."
76561198012931704,Recommended,323580,33438087,Posted: 10 July,all,Wolvenfire86,"Play it for the boss fights. They feel like you’re slaying giants. The animation is astounding and when you win, you feel like you accomplished something. The levels in between boss fights are…okay. They range from interesting to meh, and back-tracking to find items in these areas are tedious.Still, the boss fights are amazing and that alone is why you play this wonderful masterpiece."
76561197970509989,Recommended,323580,18258358,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,SirSquirelyMcKnight,"This is an idie game that is everything one could hope for.  Great little story, great art, solid gameplay, good soundtrack and thought out level design.  This is a must have in any serious gamers collection and one I will always think of fondly.A female lead who isn't sexualized for teenage boys is a definite plus.  This game is great for the family as the violence is also very cartoonish with no blood.It's a short game but worth every penny spent.  Just think of it on terms of going to the movies except this experience will feel truly unique!   9.5/10 when you factor in the price tag.  This game deserves recognition and I truly hope that it's at least runner up for indie game of the year."
76561198025474712,Recommended,323580,18258224,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,warteye,"I just beat the first boss, and I have to say, I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. The art, the combat, and the music, oh GabeN, the music...Buy this game. It's hard, but damn is it satisfying."
76561198027549669,Recommended,323580,33785646,Posted: 25 July,all,Alienmorph,"So first of all... if you're looking for an action game, you're in the wrong place. This game has a very slow, one could say solemn, pace, even most of the bossfights are like that. This is a game the oozes atmosphere and is first and foremost about exploring and experiencing the Norse mithology in game form. On that regard, is a great game, and I can't recommend it enough. The battles with the Jotun are also very well done, although they boil down to learn the bosses' patterns and know when to attack and when to run. Finally, it's clear that is a game made with a gamepad in mind, but I've been playing it with a keyboard, and didn't have any major issue.So to conclude... if it is an action game that you want, look for something else, if you want a great-looking atmospheric game, DEFINATELY buy it."
76561198013612228,Recommended,323580,22917434,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Lama,"Beautiful, magic, discovering and also brillant and epic fights against the bosses, reminded me on my time with Shadow of the Colossus ! I recommand deeply =)"
76561198042145769,Not Recommended,323580,18438011,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,shippo62,"Not very good unless you real and I mean really enjoy norse mythology, its about a 6$ game for its simplicity and low quality gameplay, its as if his only hard work went into the lava level, and its not even that good"
76561198024874460,Not Recommended,323580,26632411,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"The leveldesign is an abomination. You get lost SO MANY TIMES and it is FRUSTRATING.Yes there's a map, but since there's no indication where you are, it's USELESS."
76561198093611763,Not Recommended,323580,23719535,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,King of Zharki,Unless you like just looking at some decent art and walking around occasionally pressing a button this game is dull as it gets.
76561198076712683,Recommended,323580,25064525,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,majorface101,Fills my Mythology hole real good
,Recommended,323580,18331046,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Nevasol Ltd.,Entertaining with a suggestive vibe. Sometimes it becomes a bit repetitive because it requires a bit of skills. I enjoy the graphics but not always the dynamics of the game.
,Recommended,323580,22550466,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sand is in my Backpack,"The Bad Side:Some people may be anoyed at the low graphic quality even though its ment to be like that,If you like to be able to play a game with no subtitles and be able to understand what the characters say then this aint for you,Some people may think some of the characters and named are goofy. (I dont)The Good Side:The game is handrawn and looks prety,The game has an extraordinarily rich storyline,The Bosses called ""Jotuns"" have an engaging sequence of moves with incredible animations,In the Game you will find severald cool upgrades such as gold apple that extend you health meter,For those gamers who usualy play a mage in games you can discover several lore friendly spells called ""god powers""The different feature are very well imported and fit in with the theme of Norse Mytholigy,This is not a game you will play and beat the game in seconds most enemeys will either kill you once and then you will think about putting together  a stratagy to beat them or you will think of a strategy in the middle of battle,Some of the enemeys are fantasticly well made and programmed perfectly.My farorite bit:I  have experienced not a single Bug or GlitchOverall:If you are a fan of these kinds of games play this game straight away."
76561198065651467,Recommended,323580,18268363,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Rosen_Copernic,Great boss design.
76561198048904087,Recommended,323580,18271654,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,jon.otto78,Jotun is the first game in a very long time to make me think about games as an artform again.
76561198137326178,Recommended,323580,18269522,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,http://www.spookyskeleton.com/,"While the game doesn't take the longest time in the world, and I don't see it having much replay value unless some new mods/dlcs come out... but for the price it was a very nice little break from other more fast paced games.The sound track was incredible, the artwork is beautiful, and the boss fights reminded me of legend of zelda, from the fun puzzles, the epic boss fights and the rage of the water temple put into one boss. (♥♥♥♥ OFF LIGHTNING GOD)For a short fun day you wanna have (maybe a couple if you're worse than me, or less if your better than me, and I'm not to good) I highly reccomend this game.Also once again, ♥♥♥♥ off lightning god or what ever your rune name is. I hope you burn."
,Recommended,323580,29610843,Posted: 31 January,all,reewop,Amazing soudtrack and simple (but still beautiful) graphics .
76561198059754717,Recommended,323580,23813212,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BATFINK,"I just bought this game because of the trailer and have only played 15 min or so, but i like this game. which is a bit of a surprise because i usually don't like diablo style games but this one is differant. you feel like your in an epic cartoon that is visually fun and the music is incredible. i have to say buy this game or at least check the trailer because it really is something differant and cool."
76561197970739339,Recommended,323580,32690758,Posted: 23 June,all,Captain Chaos,"YOU are awaited in Valhalla.A rare art piece of a game in the vein of Bastion or Transistor, I could describe Jotun as a top-down, melee-based action game somewhat in the vein of Zelda, but that would not do it justice. It is beautifully presented, more so then almost any game i've played, with hand-drawn graphics, atmospheric orchestral score and incredible, painterly vistas that had me stopping to take screenshots often. It is apparent from the beginning of the game that a great deal of love and care went into its making.The player takes the role of Thora, a battleaxe-swinging, redheaded viking warrior who has died an inglorious death by drowning at sea. However, she has been given an opportunity by Odin to prove herself worthy and enter Valhalla. To that end, the player must negotiate the dangerous outer realms of the Norse cosmology by way of a hub in the void between worlds, Ginnungagap. She must seek out runes of power that open the way to the chambers of mighty Jotun champions, many times larger then she, which you may combat by nipping at their toes with her axe and making use of special abilities granted by finding shrines to just a few of the Aesir: Frigg, Heimdall, Loki, Freya, Thor and the Allfather himself. Also hidden in the levels are golden apples that extend your health bar.Jotun is a game that is as much about the journey as the destination, and not every stage has actual enemies to fight, instead presenting environmental hazards to negotiate. Each, however, has tidbits of the Norse cycle, some tied to specific locations of note, such as the dwarven forge where the great weapons of the gods were made. There are nine stages in all, one for the first Jotun and two for the rest.The meat of Jotun is its boss fights. They're big, they're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they have massive, sometimes screen-filling attacks that are best avoided rather then tanked, and in most cases are telegraphed well in advance of their impact. Judicious use of your dodge roll and defensive powers, such as Heimdall's shield and Freya's speed boost, can help you avoid most of these attacks, though the last two fights due seem to rely on a bit of luck. Hitting bosses enough will often stun them, leaving them open to further damage.Jotun is not a long game, but it is paced almost perfectly and well worth your time for its aesthetic quality alone. The later bosses will feel intially cheap, but they are very surmountable when you learn their patterns."
,Recommended,323580,33543210,Posted: 14 July,all,ChoGGi,"It isn't for everyone, but it is good."
76561198255087742,Not Recommended,323580,24008817,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ocjsz,"I waited months for the midyear Steam sale to buy and play this game because of how visually beautiful it looks, and also that I'm a bit of a nordophile. -But now realising it's a bit of a disappointment.Running through areas to get to rune shrines can be quite redundant. Fighting mechanic is pretty simple - swing halberd; heavy drop - that's pretty much it. -But you do find and unlock a few cool God abilities along the way. Enemies are same-old, same-old repetitious, and you quickly learn the predictable attack patterns of bosses.The 2D animated art is quite impressive, as with the sound and narration that goes with it as you follow the story. But other than that, there's just not much to keep you interested or engaged."
,Not Recommended,323580,30888931,Posted: 1 April,all,Ramby,This games is pretty bad.Pros-music-art style-viking mythologyCons-everything else
76561198005409902,Recommended,323580,25471994,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Chainer,Art style is fantastic and the game play is challenging and fun! would buy again :)
,Recommended,323580,29599743,Posted: 30 January,all,NeuroSerpens,Wonderful. Awesome. Beautiful...Perfect game. Another one to the list of the few that made manly sweat fall from my eyes.
,Recommended,323580,29475541,Posted: 24 January,all,RøK,Jotun
,Not Recommended,323580,23887085,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SwoodMadden,"Game and level design are really bad. Puzzles are really bad and boring. Art design is okay, i suppose? It really looks better on screenshots and videos, in my opinion. Don't waste your time on this game."
,Recommended,323580,18296522,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Vinrafel,"First Impressions video:https://youtu.be/wrIDY7-uZKMJotun is a boss fighting game, clean and simple. You play as a norse woman who died in a shipwreck and must now fight Norse gods in Jotenheim. The gameplay consists of walking through beautifully drawn landscapes until you come to a boss that you should probably hit with that giant axe you have.The gameplay in Jotun is okay. You have a standard attack, a power attack, a roll, and a god power. You have to dodge attacks while trying to get shots in (Dark Souls skillz for te win). There are two issues. The small issue is that the game does not tell you the controls. You have to either guess or look in the control mapping. It's not a big issue, but I didn't know how to use my god power for a couple fights.... which was fun...... The other issue is that combat is slow. It doesn;t have a sense of urgency to it that is prevalent in games like Dark Souls and Titan Souls (which I consider to be similar games to this).The visuals are the best part of this game. They are gorgeous and interesting. Everything has a level of polish that speaks to just how much time the developers put into drawing the pictures. Good for them.Overall, Jotun is a decent game with beautiful visuals. Don't expect fast paced action, because the action tends to be quite slow. All that being said, it is quite a game."
76561197986504665,Recommended,323580,18359152,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Nerdragefitness,"Like that really good movie you watched when you were still a kid and now you really appreciate it while rewatching it, but it's not sugar coated by that old dumb friend called nostalgia. It just aged better then you but it's not smug about it.10/10 Would rampage through nordic mythology while hearing the trippy icelandic narration."
,Recommended,323580,25062383,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mondo_Brubs,"Amazing game, history, beautiful hand made art.The game play is not 100% but it doesnt interfere in the magical experience."
76561197992229015,Recommended,323580,23657228,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dire,"Not your typical Hack n Slash. On the contrary, Jotun is a beautiful game with hand crafted backgrounds that really make you think you're tiny. Basically the game challenges you to complete 5 zones with 2 levels and 1 boss each. The levels are usually constructed maze like. Your goal is to find the ""boss runes"" to unlock the area's boss. You can also find ""skill runes"" that give you certain power ups to use during combat (limited use), ""refreshing pools"" that refresh your life and power-ups (only once per activation) and ""hidden golden apples"" that permanently increase your life. Skill runes include healing, invincibility, faster running, distraction clone, increased melee damage and homing arrows.Once you have used up all your power-ups they will be unavailable until you hit a new fountain or until you defeat a boss (or are defeated by a boss). Sames goes for your life bar. The levels themselves usually do not involve a lot of enemies, if at all. Mostly you will be fighting elemental hazards, like lava, lightning, cave-ins or big birds that swoop down from time to time, amongst others. This makes the game very unique, but those looking for a combat focussed gameplay should veer clear of this one, because you will not be fighting a lot.Speaking of fighting, you only have 2 attacks anyway. A low damage quick attack and a high damage (veeeery) slow attack that can be cancelled by you or by taking damage. The combat really isn't what makes this game great...outside of the bosses there's just too little to do in that regard.The bosses themselves are gigantic Jotun, Norse giants so to speak. Each boss has its own attack patterns and stages. So the lower health a boss gets the more difficult it becomes for you to defeat him. You have to learn the attacks and know when to pop you power-ups to go for the kill. They are extremely fun, but can be a bit frustrating at times. Technically you can also gather all world power ups including health before engaging any one of the bosses. They do not give you special drops or powers or whatever, however. After you defeat the 5 area bosses Odin awaits you.The music, the art style and the Norse narrator are what make this game great. It's not very long. I got about 4 to 5 hours in and I've not rushed through it, but explored every nook and cranny. You are paying for a nice theme and an artistic vision rather than a game with deep gameplay. If that is worth the full asking price to you, has to be your decision. For me, unfortunately, it's not, since there are just too many games out there and Jotun in my opinion is not worth more than maybe 5-10 bucks at most in such a competitive land scape. I'm nevertheless glad that I played it."
76561197979709356,Recommended,323580,23108645,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,thehaunt,"Finishing this game was a very gratifying experience.It is challenging without being frustratingly difficult.  The aesthetic is incredible, the hand drawn art style is gorgeous and perfectly executed.  The soundscapes are immersive and effectively set the mood for the various levels.  The (I assume) norse voice-overs are bad♥♥♥♥♥  I didn't know a language could sound so...magical.  This is an excellent example of ""games as art"".I also liked that the game wasn't too long, it kept me riveted the whole time, but it may be on the short side for some people (it took me about 7hrs to complete, which I was more than happy with).The game is exploration heavy with not a lot of combat within the levels themselves, but the boss fights more than make up for that.I highly recommend picking this up."
76561198128472773,Recommended,323580,21055997,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,valahbr,This is absolute art. The most beautiful game I've ever played with an outstanding narrative.
76561197976740286,Recommended,323580,23830861,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ol' Grumbler,"Simple, Intriguing and Beautiful... Just Amazing really :)"
76561198040419565,Recommended,323580,24222532,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Gus,"In short,Jotunis an exploration game that offers a beautiful and enjoyable, but casual, experience. Some of the more intensive gamers might not find pleasure in the pace or challenge in the fights, but those looking for a game that's a simple and interesting experience will find it here.Visually, the game is very impressive. The art is vibrant and colorful, and each level has its own tone. I can recall only a couple instances where the simple style came across as cartoonish; the game is otherwise very well-colored and shaded. Despite being hand-drawn, the animations are very fluid and detailed.The game is drenched in Norse mythology, and those who love the myths will undoubtedly enjoy seeing their characters and locales faithfully brought to life as much as Thora does, from the grand dwarven caves to the branches of the World Tree. The game's characters speaking in Icelandic, a language very close to Old Norse, helps lend it a quality both mythic and strangely authentic.The narrative is straightforward: defeat the Jotun, impress the gods, and earn a place in Valhalla. The gameplay is similarly simple; Thora only has an axe for a weapon, along with a handful of god powers activated at the touch of a button. Mechanics-wise, the game offers nothing other games haven't done before, but it offers a wide variety that allows each level to stand out.The boss fights are similarly varied, with each boss bringing their own strategies to the table. The scale of the arenas and the visual bombast make the fights feel appropriately epic, but once the player figures out their attacks and how to avoid them, it becomes pretty easy to defeat them; hopefully the upcomingValhalla Editionwill offer a greater challenge in that regard.The biggest issue I found with the game was Thora's speed. Her slowness makes a certain amount of sense -- she's a normal woman in a land scaled for giants and gods, so it's going to take her a while to get anywhere -- and it gives the player enough time to take in the gorgeous sights, but it can be frustrating whenever the player needs to backtrack. The limited mobility also adds some frustration to the Jotun fights, especially since the player needs to get close to deal damage but usually needs to move away to avoid damage.The game is also very short. I played it twice in a little over nine hours. I don't mind games being short, and I don't think this game suffers for it, but potential buyers might want to consider if a 4-5 hour game is worth the full price."
,Recommended,323580,21990225,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,TXinTXe,"Just finished the game, in a word: EPIC. The art, the music, the gameplay... just epic."
,Recommended,323580,22054437,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Prince BumSpank,"Bloody wonderful. Charming game with an insanely absorbing atmosphere. Overall it was a fantastic experience, 10/10"
76561198011263543,Recommended,323580,20281413,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SurgeOfDestiny \[T]/,"To call this a game is incorrect. This is a pure work of art and love. It is outstandingly beautful and has a great difficulty curve. The story is presented well. While short (about 5 hours) , This ""game"" will put you through a journey that will be one you will never forget."
76561197993804131,Recommended,323580,18263765,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Positron,"Jotun takes the style of games like Shadow of the Colossus and Titan Souls into a gorgeous world of Norse mythology.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dwf9NXy_pMYWhile not a particularly long game, clocking in at around 5-6 hours, Jotun is well-crafted and engaging.  The hand-drawn art style brings the world to life, set to a lovely soundtrack, with an absolutely amazing sense of scale.Unlike Titan Souls and Shadow of the Colossus, there are other enemies aside from the bosses in Jotun, though they aren't the primary focus.  Jotun is a game first and foremost about exploration and spectacular set-piece battles.  As Thora you start with a limited set of moves - light attack, heavy (charge) attack, dodge roll - but acquire spells to aid you as you travel through the different areas of the world.  Each area culminating in a boss fight that is as much a puzzle as it is a test of skill.Again, the sense of scale is what sets Jotun apart.  Combined with the art style it almost feels like you're immersed in an old Norse storybook, traveling through the pages as you seek to impress the Gods and on your quest to enter Valhalla."
76561198097025712,Recommended,323580,20388403,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SS_Thanksforit,"I highly recommend this game, from the artwork to the gameplay to the soundtrack it's all just amazing."
,Not Recommended,323580,28719860,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ABFT Dioxide,"This game is a way to hard. The first boss needs at least 10 attempts to be killed. Even tho the graphics are very nice and the story looks very complete, The game is not worth playing for the moment it's too hard"
76561198058441318,Not Recommended,323580,20498805,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,The Invisible Man,"Game provides great artwork in some areas, and large scene transitions can be stunning, but combat is uneventful, terrain limitations are not well planned, the animations are repetitive, and the story isn't engaging.  Nothing is explained concerning combat/abilities, and the only thing I am sure of is that ""Mimir restores your vitality"", because it repeats it every time you step on the goddamn well.  While the norse language voiceover is great, it's not terribly necessary or helpful, nor do the words displayed on the screen come from anyone's mouth, even when the person speaking is supposed to be the main character that is sitting right in front of you.  4/10 Not worth your time and money in my opinion."
76561197997820163,Recommended,323580,25735532,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,whitejak,Hey everybody! I did a review video for this game on my YouTube channel. You can check it out here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q02dsL6gdAc
76561198132296919,Recommended,323580,31348388,Posted: 24 April,all,OpalDragon,Yes.
,Recommended,323580,25474212,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,|icecreamtruck|,"Amazing Nordic-themed artwork and music. Tougher bosses than I originally imagined, which made it far more refreshing, nearly as if Dark Souls had been incorporated into a kid's Viking adventure gane. On the whole it's a great game, but the combat style could be a turn-off for those who aren't willing to use one battleaxe and one fighting mechanic the entire game.Definitely would recommend. The price tag attached to the game is rather reasonable for a game that would probably last 4 to 6 hours depending on your playstyle. If you love Norse lore, this game is for you."
76561198076574392,Recommended,323580,23633292,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,CrysJaL,"With Jotun what we have is a surprisingly simple to play game with great compexity, stunning artwork  and surprisingly challenging yet simple fights.There was so much to be pleased with in terms of the design. Whether it's the great artwork, the use of norwegian with subtitles, the scenic views or the brilliant manipulation of the camera to show off some brilliant vistas. You will have to agree Jotun is a beautiful game which captured it's norse origins superbly.The gameplay itself is easy to pick up and yet the game is still challenging. Trawling through the minor realms is pretty straightforward, I haven't died yet while hunting the various treasures. You'll learn the story as you progress and feel the emotion behind your character as you progress. each realm you enter has its own particular obstacle which on its own isn't that tough if you're smart. Whether it's occasional lightning strikes, dodging freezing wind or  smacking around a bunch of dwarves you shouldn't find the game that challenging at these parts. Just enjoy the story and the world you find yourself in.It's not the world or the pretty pictures that Jotun is all about though. This game is about bossfights.Your goal in Jotun is to impress the gods through combat with mighty enemies, entering the realms was done purely to unlock that areas related boss. These bossfights are spectacular and where Jotun really shines. The camera shifts to emphasise exactly how tiny you are compared to these behemoths and it's brilliant. Remember those previous realms though, those easy obstacles from before are gonig to make you curse when they get stuck together alongside a giant hellbent on squashing your face.Sadly there isn't much replayability to Jotun. There are some really tough and fun achievements to hunt that add some replayability but after that you're pretty much done. I don't anticipate playing more than 20 hours tops on this game before everything is completed or I give up trying to kill Hagalaz without taking any damage (I haven't even tried yet and I know that's how it's going to end).I give Jotun 8/10What is lovely is that current owners fo the game will get access to the DLC for free, which is a lovely thing for the game devs to do and makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. The price is already low and I believe worth spending on the game if you're interested."
76561198029796414,Recommended,323580,21060962,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,SittingDuck,Gave me a Jotun-sized boner.
76561198055364213,Recommended,323580,23463070,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,redmenace2,"I said ""Hey Jera, wanna hang out?"". She said, ""No."" Then she went blam blam blam and I died."
,Recommended,323580,23392184,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Arkaichz,Tough to beat bait.
76561198055691934,Recommended,323580,29129321,Posted: 8 January,all,Holy Diver,This game has been a lot of fun. The art syle is awesome and you can tell a lot of dedication went into it.I enjoy the fact that the developers clearly took time to study up on Norse Mythology to make this game.this game is not insanly action packed and the worlds are pretty devoid of any enemies but I do not think that takes away from the experience.
76561198126804608,Recommended,323580,29152590,Posted: 9 January,all,ronin4six,I love this game. the art is stunning
,Recommended,323580,29154342,Posted: 9 January,all,hdaniel1,"Jotun is a beautiful game with amazing boss fights and great music. Sadly, I think it's a bit overpriced, as the rest of the game feels like filler (Though it's not terrible by any means)."
,Recommended,323580,29173945,Posted: 10 January,all,will824,"Jotun is a fantastic game, with beautifully draw graphics and an amazingly interesting story. It is one of those games you can say its not only about fun but learning as well.It is a relatively short game but that is not a negative point. The challengue is average and it provides insight and tactic combat.I would love RPGs creators to take ideas used in Jotun, like the graphics and animations. This is one of the art that I keep missing from recent titles. A cartoon animation fits this game wonderfully.By means if you enjoy hand drawn graphics and action/adventure games, Jotun is one of those titles that you would remember for some time."
76561198034934791,Recommended,323580,29153871,Posted: 9 January,all,Jeffer,"Great little game, cool art and fun bosses, an excellent one to pick up on sale. Full price might leave you a little wanting"
76561198146065011,Recommended,323580,18476061,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,rusty-double-oh-seven,"NIce game. Small, but very beautiful.Jotun is more about adventure and exploration ( although Boss battles are epic and intense ), so it's simply not for everyone.I was looking for this type of game, and i was not dissapointed.PS. Please add achievements :)Thanks!"
,Recommended,323580,30799510,Posted: 28 March,all,Creamium,"This game has an interesting structure: you explore levels that have little to no combat in them, but you do find combat abilities for bosses later. Most players probably choose to beat the boss after each stage, but I did all the stages first to collect as much as I could (health upgrades + powers) and then tackled all the bosses. So first Jotun felt like a relaxing exploration game, to culminate in one long boss rush... and I really liked that.It's a good idea to find as many upgrades as possible, because the bosses are no pushovers. There are 2 in particular that could take a few tries.There's also a great soundtrack and the Norse narration is really well done. Aside from a few nitpicks (main character is pretty slow, hitboxes on bosses) I loved this game.Bonus point: no padding! Game doesn't overstay its welcome and can be completed in about 5 hours."
76561198189486726,Recommended,323580,34359105,Posted: 19 August,all,shauny red,it's just fun ;-)
76561197963791079,Recommended,323580,18301540,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Jah,"This is a game worth buying.  The game's theme is Norse Mythology.  The music is welldone and the landscapes are beautiful.   Similar to games like Shadow of the Colossus and Titan Souls, in that the areas leading up the the bosses are mostly about exploration than battling.   The boss encounters are the crux of this game.  The boss fights are above average difficulty."
76561198045645917,Recommended,323580,33849748,Posted: 27 July,all,Turenne,"People keep complaining about how the game lacks potential, is annoying and the environnement is desolate. Well it seems that most of those people didn't get that this game is loyal to what the nordic sagas left us. It's not meant to be a God of War style game or dark souls or whatever ♥♥♥♥ing geek and nerdz game you are trying to compare this with.Read the sagas, especially the Heimskringla and the Edda by Snorri Sturlasson, once done, you will understand this game, and actually appreciate it for what it is. Yes the controls are basic and not that challenging, you can pass the game without using your God Powers. Personnally, it allows me to focus on the story, the graphics and catch those very short moments of beauty it has to offer.Honestly, this game is not for those without knowledge of nordic culture. Go back to your Marvel's norse mythology with a sex-boy Thor and a black Heimdall (Of course I have nothing against afro-americans, it just doesn't fit in the character in my opinion). Come on, let's leave with a happy note! Look behind you, I'am sniffing you hair.I bet you looked"
,Recommended,323580,33700368,Posted: 21 July,all,NinjaSudo,"Jotun inspired my imagination w/ the rich dive into Norse Mythology and the ""challenge yourself"" bosses that shoutout to learn-by-dying-a-lot as you refine your timing and strategy.Sure there are some refinements that could be made to the next game this talented creator makes, but I was thoroughly entertained in the big reveals that left me awestruck, the dangers of the environments, and norse-rich puzzles.Reminded me of the torture I used to put myself through beating Battletoads, Metroid, and more classics. Not only that, it's short for those busy people who want the satisfaction of beating a big boss in an evening.9/10 would die by giant serpent to reach Valhalla again."
76561198170455054,Recommended,323580,26481326,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The Banana Man,The art alone deserves my money.
,Not Recommended,323580,22834622,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hitt.william,"This title had a wonderful art style, and running through the worlds was interesting and unique.  However, the boss fights (especially Odin) really brought this game down in my opinion.  Your character is tremendously slow, both in terms of movement and attack.  Playing this felt like I had a disorder of movement and reaction time."
,Recommended,323580,18288670,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at sale price (<10€)score: 7.5/10 - goodsimilar games: Titan Souls, Dark Souls, Banner Saga (visuals)tags: Bossfights, Artstyle, strong ThemeJotun is a game where you play as a female viking and have to defeat 5 bosses to impress the gods. Your basic moveset consists of a light attack, a strong attack and a dodge button. Later you will also find ""powers"" which give you effects like speed or more damage or protection. So for the player there isn't that much complexity, which I like, but the game could need a little bit more depth, however the bossfights make up for that.Every boss has a unique theme and unique mechanics. The nice thing is how the game introduces you to some of these mechanics in the ""puzzle"" sections before the boss itself which helps to learn how to dodge certain types of attacks and so on, so there is no trial & error. Also the bosses start slow and easy and get more hectic and difficult the more you damage the boss. There was 1 boss which was a bit dissapointing, because that boss had very little attacks and didn't have the quality (in terms of animations, sound design etc.) as the others for some reason. And that's a big deal, because you only get to fight 5 bosses, the game isn`t that long. If you take out all the ""puzzle"" sections, you could complete the game in 2 hours, but I think it is good that these intermissions exist, to give the player time to breath between bossfights, however they aren`t designed that interestingly.Sometimes you get to visit interesting locations or see cool creatures, but as the player you are mostly just running around with a very low movement speed and that made these parts a bit boring to me. Also it discouraged me from exploring, but the game wants you to explore. Some powers are hidden really well, but are SO helpful to beat bosses. Thankfully the game shows you the location of these locations on the map, but the map doesn`t show you your location, so you always have to keep track of where you are, but that is artificial difficulty in my opinion. If the game had actual puzzle mechanics and things you could solve or secrets you could find, then the game would probably show you your location, but currently it's just about finding the right path.Because the game isn`t that long anyway and the ""puzzle"" parts didn`t feel fleshed out (some were cool) I can`t recommend this for full price, but it is a game you should definitly buy at some point, because the bossfights are just really well made, except 1 as I explained and there is a final boss after the 5 bosses, but that boss just recycles all of the previous bosses. That isn`t neccessarily a bad thing to do, but here it is, because of the low amount of bosses/content in general and because there is nothing after that. In Shovel Knight for example you also fought every boss one after the other in the final level, but then you also got to fight a real final boss with unique mechanics.One last thing I want to mention is that I think the theme of this game is wasted. This had so much potential, but outside of some random dialouge about the things you visit there isn't a big story or anything. The game ends as abrupt as it starts. I mean visually it had some really cool places, the voice actors did a great job I think and the soundtrack is also really well made, but it's just the theme of the game, it could easily be something else and it would stay the same game."
,Not Recommended,323580,32742665,Posted: 24 June,all,//Portal/,This game is very enjoyable but the thing that takes a bit of joy -for me- its the navigation.. I find it waaaay too sloww.... the only way to walk faster is by using your own powers wich ar very limited B-
,Not Recommended,323580,33070433,Posted: 30 June,all,arbingordon,"As others say, the artstyle is great, but the gameplay is just awful.  The bosses are the high point of the game, involving actual, deliberate gameplay, but even then they're underwhelming compared togoodgames.I don't normally try to refund games, but for this one, I will definitely try to get my money back, even at sale price."
,Not Recommended,323580,18400691,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,birdsaround,"Looks beautiful, but i extremely dislike battle controls - it takes a second or more to hit after clicked, and you can't stop it with a dodge. Lost my patience on a second boss fight (that's about 5-10 minutes of gameplay)."
,Not Recommended,323580,20377408,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Konrad,Visually it's really amazing. Play it for the visuals. Game play itself is uninspiring and really boring. Not a $20 game.
76561197968373098,Recommended,323580,22918125,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Mr.Peanut,You have impressed the Gods
,Not Recommended,323580,25827823,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,jtt1978,"You move like a three toed sloth. I made it to the end then quit. I found the lack of movement frustrating. I can see projectiles swinging sword, axe, etc. but have difficulty moving to avoid damage. I hate frustrating games.I liked the storey and the character design. Not my type of gameplay.I have a game personal game category called ""Blah"" (racing, RPG, action, favorites, etc). This is were it is going.If I want to be annoyed I'll just stay at work."
76561198046833327,Not Recommended,323580,33326794,Posted: 6 July,all,NanShanker 2.0,"Honestly, the boss battles are somewhat hard and the normal levels are laughably easy, you're character walks so ♥♥♥♥ing slow it essentially ruins the mood of the game because you stop caring about the art style after the first 10 minutes. I regret buying this garbage when it was on sale, I coulda gotten something far better for £3."
,Not Recommended,323580,33334940,Posted: 6 July,all,Rafo,"As everyone mentions, the art style and hand drawn animations are beutiful, albeit nothing you'd probably remember like Bastion and Transistor.After the introductory level you can already see how far this game's ambition goes and it isn't very far. You have a weak attack and a strong attack but there's no cobination or chain movements whatsoever. Slowly walk to enemy, press attack button. Move back when enemy winds up a retaliation. Every movement is very clunky, yours and your foes ones. There's no timing involved, just responding to predictable patterns. Walking through levels quickly becomes a chore. The snow level is specially annoying as every few seconds you gotta stop before a rock and wait for the blizzard to fade a bit.The overall feeling I've got from playing it was ""This is not intended for this media."" The main drive behind the game's purpose and intent was definetely not about a game experience but a narrative one. As the narrative isn't strong enough to justify it's existence alone the gaming aspect end up working against it."
,Recommended,323580,30306263,Posted: 3 March,all,Lenin,Amazing game with great gameplay. Hope they do a Greek or Roman mythology themed game in the future.
76561198058435933,Recommended,323580,22789137,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Corny,"Such ja beautiful, challenging game. I preference playing it with a controller, It somehow has a nicer ""flow"". Don't worry. still pretty playable with the keyboard, too,; I just found the bosses easier to handle by controller. If you need a calming, but still challenging and atmospheric sinlge-player-game, try this one."
,Recommended,323580,30825963,Posted: 29 March,all,DERPmazing [MMPR],This game is beautiful! Also a lot of fun to play so far!
76561197976065783,Recommended,323580,18327356,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,poodles noodles mcdoodles,Beautiful
,Recommended,323580,18321187,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SheepEater,"The game is very pretty, and its mechanics are very tight.  I especially appreciate that it gives you a variety of skills, and ALL of them are useful, even up to the end of the game.  It reminds me a bit of Shadow of the Colossus, in that the levels don't really have significant threats as much as the boss fights are the main skill draw.  The amount of polish and attention they gave to describing the Norse mythos was great.  I'm a little biased, though, as Norse mythology has some of my favorite characters and stories."
76561197970133179,Recommended,323580,18285843,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,agent6488,"Giant combat is generally heart-pumping. I feel like a few too many of my deaths came from unclear cues. Additionally, the 2D assets don't always communicate well where they are in 3D space, which can make getting angles of attack and avoidance difficult, especially when things zoom way out.Abilities could tie into the fights a little better. I mostly resort to pumping out damage early to try winning before things get frustrating and too hard to manage. Simpler fights were most fun.Edit: reading about other people's play-throughs, it looks like I took on some of the harder stuff early. Wish there had been better clues about the optimal order.Content between the big face-offs is a little dull. Simple puzzles, long walks. Mostly easy enemies except for a few insta-death from above dudes.Very much would have liked to see a better map. It's difficult to be sure where I am, as the terrain isn't really marked, and there is no marker of the player's current location. I can't think of a recent game with a map that doesn't provide this. Seems like this was an attempt to make exploration a little challenging, but there are probably better obstacles that could have been placed. If I'm trying to get somewhere specific, I just find myself spamming the pause button as I move across screens to keep track of where I'm at.Art style is novel, and is a big factor in holding my attention. Some of the environments could use better contrast/shading and coloring to make it easier to navigate.Great use of mythology."
,Recommended,323580,18390402,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,zodis,"This game makes you feel puny, in a good way. I'm going to go read some Norse mythology now."
,Recommended,323580,18313348,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,rDotFunky,ALL HAIL TO THORA!I could go on for quite a while here but I will summarize the game in a few bullets:- Artwork - The art in this game is incredible.  My hat goes off to the folks who drew this.  Amazing stuff and this by itself makes the game worth purchasing.- Soundtrack - The music in the game is just incredible. It hits the right mood in the right places and really adds to the experience.- Gameplay - This game is challenging... but when you do beat a boss (and yes the Boss fights are EPIC) it gives you a GREAT sense of achievement.All in all this game is WELL worth the price you're going to pay for it. 10/10 and I really hope to see more games like this from this developer.  WELL DONE!!!
76561198001880613,Recommended,323580,18338371,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,nimbostratus,"Overall, this game is worth playing:Positives:- Great hand drawn graphics/animations- Huge scale of levels and feeling- Nice use of Viking Lore- Pretty simple movement and attack system, but fun- Decent exploring rewards- Neat surprises on levelsNegatives:- Sometimes those huge levels feel empty and there is a lot of walking alone- Two of the bosses are damn hard, be prepared to die a lot on them- Occasionally, certain graphics will look very sketchy or blown up too large10/10 would get stomped on by a giant viking again!"
76561198026372543,Recommended,323580,18338543,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ZeusThunderer,"I love this game, it's like a mix between Journey and Skyrim, but even much more than that. It has deep mythology and ambient music, definately the best indie I've bought in 2015."
,Recommended,323580,18372283,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,⋮[N00bFisters™]⋮ Høstiii,"ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! Lovely hand drawn Graphics,Very fun game with a lot of information about the Norse gods.The only thing I would add to this game would be a faster axe swing, but other than that its perfect.8/10"
,Not Recommended,323580,28657070,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Beautiful Murder Machine,beautifully hand drawn. an unforgiving mix between gorgeous coloring of this artwork and really poorly executed recoloring. jarring at best.
76561198149824605,Recommended,323580,30118633,Posted: 23 February,all,ironhide001,"If you like Norse mythology, then yes, get it. If you don't, then no, it's probably not for you."
76561198108196517,Not Recommended,323580,35013377,Posted: 16 September,all,shaxquan,"It's too hard, and don't have any action in it."
76561197962403134,Recommended,323580,30453264,Posted: 11 March,all,The Joshua Tree,"Despite its imperfections, Jotun is a great game.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and can easily see myself being enticed back to its wondrous realms.  However, it is held back by the underwhelming start and oversights related to camera and movement.  It seems a bit short for the price of $15, but was worth it for the art alone.https://tiny-spaceship.com/2017/03/10/jotun/"
,Recommended,323580,21949401,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ProofreadFire,The game is like a top down dark souls. the art is amazing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNMU5ZhfwIU
76561197971887513,Not Recommended,323580,34648857,Posted: 31 August,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/fS5cKoZ0RwU
76561198068248362,Recommended,323580,22802042,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Groggnik,"10/10, would get smashed by epic Jotuns again"
,Not Recommended,323580,30359946,Posted: 6 March,all,{notorious}DustyDuckster,Looked coolBought itStarted coolPlayed itDidnt have fun ... at all. If you're into mythology i recommend you Apotheon. Its better in every way.
,Not Recommended,323580,27676936,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,xav33,"Great art, simple and fun game mechanics, every thing is pointing towards making this game a must buy.But the ♥♥♥♥ing bosses.  I was punching furniture.  I like a challenge, but the boss difficulty really ruined it for me.  Enough to give a negative review for an otherwise fantastic game."
,Not Recommended,323580,31210616,Posted: 17 April,all,TimonWDC,"Beautiful, but not that fun."
76561197990927224,Recommended,323580,30348895,Posted: 5 March,all,Protector,"I love everything about this game, it looks beautiful has simple controls, subtle puzzles, challenging guardians of the 7 realms, nicely written story and a great insight into Norsk mythology. I wish this game would never end, then I could play until Ragnarök."
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,323580,24194909,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"Don't be fooled by the characteristic art style of this game, everything besides that, it's among the most dull, boring thing i've ever played in my life, i had more fun playing freaking Homefront than this, this is one of those games that the only thing that has to offer is it's distictive art style, nothing more, nothing less, the combat is extremely repetitive, the bosses are predictable, the obstacles and even something as simple as the exploration it's a tedious chore giving that your character move's so slowly that there's even a power up which increases your speed. It was such an underwhelming experience, i expected to have something like say a 2D Shadow of the Collosus type of game, instead what i got was a game that it's been simplified to it's core, to the point in which said game it's banal, and has nothing more to offer, ironically enough, than it's art stlye, i say ironically because you can tell the creators of this game wanted to make one of those type of ""artsy"" games, in which they tell you (in this case) about a different culture, and the whole norse mithology, etc... None of it it's interesting, each boss behaves exactly the same, everything is extremely slow for some reason, and no, not just because the game is slow i hate it, what i hate it's that it's a game that things it's interesting because it slows down your character."
,Recommended,323580,26183022,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,meagar,:+1:
,Not Recommended,323580,33116296,Posted: 1 July,all,Naughtypuppy,"I'll give them credit for trying new things with the art, but the gameplay is just terrible.  Really just awful.  The art in game isn't that great either.  Avoid this."
76561197969849409,Not Recommended,323580,19326325,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kaelside,"Game is beautiful, whoever did the controls should be castrated and fed his own testicles before being stabbed in the face. go play Bastion rather."
76561198127188820,Not Recommended,323580,29868499,Posted: 12 February,all,🥖🥖🥖S.Jibeng X Julia Mcd,"boring af , control suck af , kids game ,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lame"
76561198093694363,Not Recommended,323580,28085945,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,samanRM,just black screen on Mac
76561198020044816,Not Recommended,323580,23643612,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,creamius( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)memeius,For the final boss you might as well be fighting RNGesus.
,Not Recommended,323580,24327665,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Rainmaker709,This game is what happens when you get a bunch of concept artists together and they think they can make a game all by themselves. It's not that hard right?Wrong. The game is beautiful and every frame of animation looks hand drawn but there is little to no actual game there.Tl;dr Like Paris Hilton - Pretty but empty
76561197970956898,Not Recommended,323580,31184233,Posted: 16 April,all,Stobislaw,"I love norse mythology and this game has done it nicely but in other terms it sucks:(Bosses fights are ok, bosses are hand draw and look really nice, but combat and those fights seems so slow. Bosses have really easy patterns.Most of the hand drawn things looks great.Fight is super slow adn uninteresting liek the animation. It is like 5 fps game.The background is too simple and too ugly, it looks like done in paint :/ And what most angered me is that it is so unclear and hard to read.Exploring maps is super boring, lazy and slow. Literally nothing happens there. On Map U don't see Urself, there is no ""help"" (U need to figure out everything urself).Main character is some fat redhari viking, she looks ugly and moves ugly. It is unpleasant to play her.TLDR: It is weak♥♥♥♥♥platformer with bad graphics, weak animation and resilient main character. On Plus things is norse mythology and hand drawn bosses."
,Not Recommended,323580,33380548,Posted: 8 July,all,Sei,Pros:-Art Direction (seriously!!!)-Nordic MythologyCons:-Boring: I don't buy games to simply click. No real strategy needed.-Map-Slow game
76561198053653599,Not Recommended,323580,22991803,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Grizzzly,this game is unplayable...... i was really looking forward to playing this game. i could run darksouls 3 on medium with this laptop and cant even play this game on the LOWEST seetting/resolution.... it froze my laptop.
,Not Recommended,323580,31367207,Posted: 25 April,all,Y0URS BL00D 0N ME,Simulator of boooooooring...booooooooooooring of 10
,Not Recommended,323580,22918302,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dakusan,"I'm getting from all the other reviews that this game is all about the boss fights, and the rest is utter crappy fluff. Well, I fought 2 ""bosses"", and was underwhelmed. And everything in between the bosses was boring as could be (tried 3 different worlds). I couldn't justify trying to continue playing this game, as I could barely keep myself from falling asleep while playing."
,Not Recommended,323580,28147201,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Tau,Just boring. Not even worth a review.
76561198022608702,Not Recommended,323580,22902851,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,bossfight1,"The game looks very nice, and has a nice setup, it's just a shame the actual gameplay feels purposefully clunky, slow and, most damning of all, unfun. I only played for twenty minutes, but if it takes that short a time to leave such a bad taste in my mouth, then something's gone wrong.This game's probably just not for me - I'm not against very difficult games, so long as they're well presented, but this felt like playing Dark Souls on a character that could only do fat-rolls and used a weapon that they lacked the requisite stats for."
76561198035289938,Not Recommended,323580,23540685,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SoupTown,I don't know what it is I just don't like it
,Not Recommended,323580,22917503,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Lunchbox,"This game is horrible. I struggle to see how anyone could have found any entertainment within. The game lacks any form of gameplay. There was one level when I went in to a mine. I would walk around a corner and become confronted by 30 enemies. Upon which I would click repeatedly until they all died. Then I would walk through an empty area until I came across another group of enemies. The game lacks any creativity/fun within it's combat. It's practically a point and click adventure with a longwinded terrible walk cycle. The art style is tremendous. It's just a same they spent more time on that then the actual game. The bosses look awesome, but ultimately they die the same way all the other enemies do. I found myself actively checking the clock making sure I didn't go over 2 hours because I wanted to make sure I could get my money back. All the while I was hoping that the game might actually get a little interesting.I seriously do love the hand drawn aspect. I would love to see this done to a good game. Hopefully this dev team will get noticed by somebody and may advance to make something I can bear playing."
76561198044049787,Not Recommended,323580,22931696,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,batmask,"Beautiful graphics. But... If you love dark soul this is so boooooooring, Maybe."
,Not Recommended,323580,18350721,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,flat chested woman,One of the worst games I have ever played in my entire life.  DO NOT BUY.
76561198079561042,Not Recommended,323580,30827275,Posted: 29 March,all,the pee pee poo poo man,"starts up, press new game, loading screen, doesn't move10/10 game"
,Recommended,323580,18259723,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,RaZeR2020,"Though the game is pretty repetitive, the art is amazing and breath-taking, and the boss encounters don't let you down. Definitely worth 15 euros"
,Recommended,323580,20389779,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tay,"This game is absolutely stunning. If you have a moment, I highly recommend giving it a try. The only drawback I found in this game is that your character doesn't move too quickly, so you'll often find your times moving around the map with one hand, while using your phone in the other."
76561198023814306,Recommended,323580,20158503,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Vic Vinegar,"Incredible visuals, great little story, short and sweet, very simple (maybe too simple for some.)Highly recommended!"
76561198010140369,Recommended,323580,20134121,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Chicago Ted,"This game is really damn fun, not too easy not too hard, the right level of difficulty. It's also got a fantastic soundtrack and amazing hand-drawn athestic, the only real problem with it is that its only about 5 hours long, but still worth buying for sure."
76561198091071173,Not Recommended,323580,20146235,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Destruct,"Awful game, I bought it and the odds were automatically against me, The art and Norwegien are nice but the gameplay mechanics and programming is awfulWould not recommend"
,Recommended,323580,20053509,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,What's Kraken?,"This game is basically an art book of Norse Mythology that you play instead flipping pages. The art is absolutely gorgeous, narration and soundtrack are awesome, and I love the scenes where they retracked the camera to give you a big picture that tells you a story.The Good: I recommend this game if you are into storytelling and artwork immersion.The Bad: Fighting is lackluster for those who are into fighting mechanics.The Ugly: The final boss is inexcusably too hard for a game that was casual for the most part. The devs really need to fix this issue."
,Recommended,323580,20071853,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SaucyCryptoCommi,"This game is very good, In fact so good that I decided to write a review of it, which is something I have never done, dont take my word for it, play it and experiance it for yourself. Its simple to play but not so simple that you get board, the story is immersive, the drawings are gorgeous, the music and the voicing gave me eargasms. Its really good."
,Recommended,323580,20075805,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Uraspid | Adam,"Great game and concept. Obviously anyone who enjoys Norse mythology will relish in all the references. The game itself is fun to play and isn't complicated to figure out. It doesn't spoon feed you the answers with bulky text or voice overs but instead uses clever animations to both warn of attack range and direction, leaving it up to the player to use patience to plan their approach (both in boss encounters and regular exploration). Really loving the audio, both the score and the dialogue is top notch. Give it a go, you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,323580,20208124,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,pH,"Fantastic game of skill. In many ways reminded me of Titan Souls, but with a different art direction. Both games are great and worth checking out. I love the simplicity of the gameplay, and the variety of the puzzles. The secrets also give some extra incentive to explore more. There are some truly breathtaking scenes in this game, and the narration is beautiful too."
,Recommended,323580,20206981,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JakeMonkey,"Drop dead gorgeous art, great music, fascinating Norse mythology.  The boss battles are the main focus of this game, and they were truly spectatular. They are an old school type of difficult, focusing on pattern recognition and an elevating difficulty the lower the health of the boss.  I absolutely recommend this game, as it was honestly one of the better gaming experiences that I had in 2015.  Be prepared for a game that can be punishing but also very rewarding at the same time. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,323580,20251279,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cynicster,What more could one ask for:- Norse mythology- Crisp vector graphics- Stunning soundtrack (which I highly recommend you buy as well)- Challenging boss fights- Even more challenging achievements =PFighting gods has never been this fun ^_^
76561198065287920,Recommended,323580,20411159,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,dsagent,This has already been compared to Shadow of the Colossus many times however it should be noted that this game is much more colorful and has a more straightforward story. I love the Nordic language and the feel of being a small part of a world filled with lore.Now this is not a long game but very enjoyable while it lasts.
76561198068016023,Recommended,323580,19377561,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Thrashbeard,"Solid game with a few technical hiccups here and there (though that may be because I was playing this on a laptop).  The presentation is absolutely wonderful and the story is short and sweet, enough for this kind of game.  I'm really hopeful that the devs eventually release the other two Jotun that were up as stretch goals as well as other god powers for DLC.  I'd buy it in a heartbeat."
76561198048722402,Recommended,323580,19994074,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,sophie_leenders,totally love the animation and the overall feel of the game. it's challenging but you feel awesome when you finally beat the jotun :) love it!
76561198042236349,Recommended,323580,20027613,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LadyMissfit,"Clever puzzles, simple yet very deep combat, fantastic atmosphere and visuals, intense bosses, perfect presentation and all of it drenched in norse mythology. I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.If you have any interesst in any myth or old stories this is a must-buy. Heavily recomended even if you're not since it's just such a good time either way."
76561198033866805,Recommended,323580,20044562,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,h0b0king,"A lovely aesthetic and dreamlike quality to play, Jotun's mythological feel and sparse beauty help it transcend its genre.  A top down adventure/puzzle/action game with a slow pace.  The combats are few and far between, fights against huge bosses that will require some strategy and thought rather then pure twitchy speed.  Otherwise the challenges of Jotun are almost all puzzles, and while these puzzle vary, they can sometime sfeel a bit drawn out.  Overall a wonderful game with a ponderous pace (and not just the hero's attacks) that encourages the player to enjoy its lush hand drawn art."
76561198103942151,Recommended,323580,20037200,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MuffinCremoso,GZUS ♥♥♥♥♥-♥♥♥♥ING CHRISTdarksouls + dust an elysian tale = Jotun10/10
76561197994585644,Recommended,323580,20034516,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MegaTiny,"Absolutely beautiful, but also with a fun story and good gameplay.Some pros:Some well made and memorable boss encounters.Doesn't make the mistake Titan Souls did of having a forgettable overworld, this one is interesting to explore with some great references to Norse mythology.Fair check point system that doesn't make you run 500 miles to get back to a failed boss fightGameplay is basically top-down Dark Souls, which is funHonestly, it's beautifulA couple of cons:Bosses can sometimes stun lock you in a ridiculous way. The lighting boss is a grievous example of this: hit by lightning > screen flashes white for a very long 1.5 seconds and your character does a hurt animation> can't see > get hit by next lightning > screen flashes white > repeat until deadThe map doesn't show you where you are on it, making it pretty hopeless in some of the more complex environmentsGameplay is basically top-down Dark Souls, with no effort to add anything"
76561198007887341,Recommended,323580,20037534,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Uratha,"This game is a very well designed, entertaining beautiful artpiece. And it makes a lot of fun too. Got it in Christmas sale and played it in one go 5 hrs approx. Recommended"
76561198047982927,Recommended,323580,19836749,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,scottyo,A truly epic and lethal world to experience. A short game packed with legendry and mythology. My only complaint about this game is that there wasn't more.
,Recommended,323580,19793817,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,S3bizarre,"i just started this game and Oh my æsir , this game looks good, i feel like , i'm in a cartoon."
,Recommended,323580,27489250,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akellast,"To start I love the art style, it is gorgeous. Also I love the concept of the game involving norse mythology. The only thing I had a problem with, which is nothing too bad, is that I kept getting lost and could not figure out where exactly I was in the map. Then again, that may be so you can focus on the scenery. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys hand-painted beautiful worlds and getting engrained into a story."
,Recommended,323580,27559803,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fish Boy,A very nice game with beautiful graphics. 11/10 would recommend
76561198101309143,Recommended,323580,27442935,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tai Prev,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,323580,27528044,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,liamon4,Truely fun and challenging
,Recommended,323580,27365043,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aazyafather,fun little casual game to pass time
76561198002779305,Recommended,323580,27338877,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blin,This game was a feast for both my eyes and my ears.
76561198055511411,Recommended,323580,27357137,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Robosquatch,The level designs in this game were pretty bland (unless you're into Norse Mythology) but WOW the boss battles were epic. YOU FREAKING DEFEAT ODIN. I think this game might be worth purchasing solely to play the boss battles because THEY WERE AMAZING.
76561198012933614,Recommended,323580,30934641,Posted: 3 April,all,KashMango,"BOSS RUSH FUNThis game is made in the mold of your typical boss rush.What it does differently than the others that has made me lay more than 1-2 hours of it (sorry titan souls) is that the gameplay is varried.While the in-between stages are little more than fetch quests they provide world-building opportunities for the gamer to get invested in, which is great (as the story is lacking and the characer is pretty flat).THE BOSSES THOThe main meat of this game is superb.Im the sort who usually quits and tries again later with bosses, especially ones like in this game that rely on patterns,In the end though i couldnt put it down (until i got stuck on the final boss), and got 7 hours so far of fun.I got this for $5.60 canadian, and id say at under a dollar an hour for play i got my value. Full price im not sure i would recommend but while on sale its a must-own."
76561198012892232,Recommended,323580,26645266,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Why did you click this morty?,clearly alot of love was put into this gameboss fights are awesomevisually impressingbut other than that it kinda feels like walk to the boss room simulator
,Recommended,323580,26792056,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Victor Bruno,"The stages of this game are full of puzzles and exploration. They are always criative and with different mechanics. The bosses battles are great, but once you get to understand the modus operandi of each one of them, they beacome a little easier.When the camera zoom out, showing the complete background of the stage, or some nordic easter eggs, I can't just help, but stop and see it for a few minutes.I certainly recomend this game, if you apreciate nordic tales/mithology, or games as art."
76561198128477135,Recommended,323580,26830905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,∆ Eicholas Nir ∆,"Gr8 graphics and gameplay, pretty difficult but fun."
,Recommended,323580,30925807,Posted: 3 April,all,Myoldoy,"This game is very fun and the art/music combination is truly spectacular.Pros:- Boss fights are challenging (but not too challenging) and involve strategy- The mechanics of each boss fight are introduced through more casual, exploratory levels. This is an excellent use of recombination and acts as a tutorial- The atmosphere of the game is incredible. The art is amazing, the music is amazing.Cons:- I found myself using a lot of walk-throughs, which is not what developers usually intend with exploration games. The reason I did this was because moving around a level can feel very slow, especially when backtracking"
,Recommended,323580,27031930,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lobogalvez,"Jotun is a game like i ever wanted givingme an Amazing story of the Warriors of the north and the nordic legends, the animation is amazing, and the story telling is awesome too, i' recomend this Game to every viking soul in the world and i congratulate to the warriors in that create this game, may odin bless thy."
76561198043253469,Recommended,323580,26985323,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A Strong Independent White Man,"This game is astounding in a number of ways. While the combat might get a little repetitive, the game overall is great. First of all it looks and sounds absolutely amazing. The visuals are to die for and the music really captivates you. The premise is great but the part of the game that gets the biggest praise from me, is how accurate it is. From the narration to the story and the facts. You can see everywhere that the people who made this game cared about it and had a real passion for Norse mythology. I've yet to find an error in anything presented in the game and the VA is beautiful."
,Recommended,323580,26812263,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mohss,"On the surface: a basic isometric hack and slash. Underneath: a hack and slash with moderate puzzles that pulls you into Norse Mythology through the sole use of Icelandic language, beautiful hand-drawn visuals sweeping music and the sole use of Icelandic language."
76561198215117392,Recommended,323580,30914355,Posted: 2 April,all,Chocktu,"a beautiful game, so sad is so short, but doesnt matter, this game will stay in my heart and in my memory for ever"
,Recommended,323580,27062035,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thamrius,"Love absolutely everything about this game. Great art style, fun gameplay and amazing story. Would recommend this to absolutely anyone who enjoys video games."
,Recommended,323580,28114909,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Benedict,"The journey is the destination, and with Jotuns focus on artistic style, I found it to be quite a pleasant journey. The boss fights were funnily enough the weaker points of the game for me, with the requirement to learn how to beat them through trial, error and repetition being the most ""game like"" part of the game."
,Recommended,323580,28014860,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Caramel Swirl,"This game has amazing music and fights, but that's not where its strength lies.This is the most beautiful game I have ever played, and even that is an understatement. I have never seen artwork this amazing in any game,  ever. Jotun puts even Supergiant's masterpieces to shame. I suggest you buy this game just so you can stare at each individual scene."
,Recommended,323580,28023290,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Specks,"First of all, the art in this game is stunning.  Hand-drawn 2D from an insometric perspective.  It's gorgeously animated.  Good thing the game is fun too.  Enemies and bosses are challenging without being overly frustrating.  Also, you might learn a lot about Norse Mythology."
76561198090116760,Recommended,323580,20364021,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,dark3duser,It is a great game and art is amazing it is a must have for 2d fans.
76561198057886666,Recommended,323580,20436348,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ilidan olujni bijes,"TLDR: Play it for the mood if you can power through a few artificially dificult moments. 8/10+ Cool approach and atmosphere, nice touch with the language and the info about nordic mythology I reaaaaaaly enjoyed this aspect.- Misplaced hitboxes- Some bosses are clearly better designed then others. Random factor is sometimes present and it feels unfair.~ Exploration is cool, but scenes sometimes drag on too much.- Healthbar not showing at boss fights bug was present more often then not, which turned out to be a bug specific to my laptop, so you might not experience it at all.Conclusion: Amazing idea and approach, but it was rushed at few places. Overall I'd recommend it for its originality."
,Recommended,323580,20496305,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Wiseblind,"The game is amazing, short but amazing!"
,Recommended,323580,20496665,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Matney,+Good Exploration Game+Beautifully hand drawn areas-Not very long-the world map can be confusing+very challenging+The story is very interestingoverall decent game 8/10
76561197995974615,Not Recommended,323580,20520685,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Fraggelsmurf,"This game is not enjoyable. I like norse mythology but the gameplay is so bad. You walk long distances where nothing happens. Picture Diablo without skills and loot, and 95% less monsters and slower move speed.The camera is really bad and you have are often behind big enemies. Behind stuff you are a shadow, enemies behind other stuff are shadows, coming attack are shadows, big monsters have shadows; it's really hard to know what's what!There is only one difficulty. I managed beat the tutorial boss with some health less, I beat the first boss with no health less and I have died two times already to the second boss.This game is just slow, frustrating and boring. I would rather cut my arms than play anymore."
,Recommended,323580,20522161,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,haniquds,the game is a master pice and i cant say more becuse am thriled .. but the game is suffering from beeing frozen in a midle of a fghit or if i but it in a high resoloiton .. so please fix this problem as soon as possibole  .
76561198027845400,Not Recommended,323580,20522372,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Shuffleblade,"The game is very charming and the exploration is soothing and fun in its own relaxing way. However the exploring does feel like a bit of a chore to get to the next boss which is supposed to be the fun parts of the game.The boss fights however are very badly designed, at least some of them. The first two were very fun and challening and I loved them. The next two were a chore though and I still haven't finished the fourth one. The problem with this game is that it limits players controll to such a degree that you get utterly frustrated and it feels like part luck if do manage to evade the bosses attacks. Your movement are hindered, your view is limited and on top of that the attack telegraphing of the bosses are hiliarously bad at times. The whole thing turns into a boss fight that is hard not because it is hard but because its hard for you to see where you are supposed to go to evade the attacks.The game really went above and beyond in bad design when the badly telegraphed attacks hindered your view and made it so if it did hit you it blinded you and made it thus unlikely that you could evade the the next attacks that were coming. I fought the third boss for half an hour, when I did defeat it I was not in the least happy because it felt like it was mostly luck. The fourth boss feels like it will leave the same bad aftertaste in my mouth if I do defeat it so at the moment I am not sure I will have the strength to go on and finish the game. I sorely hope the last boss is better designed but frankly I don't count on it."
76561198129780716,Not Recommended,323580,20523638,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,jallen2,"Beautiful atmosphere and music, but SLOOOOOOOOOOWER than molasses."
76561198049135112,Recommended,323580,20523811,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Eightlegs,"This game is breathtakingly gorgeous. The gameplay is good, it really suits the feel nd the style of the game. It's definitely worth a play. I've only just killed the second Jotun and am excited to see what the rest of the game has in store."
,Recommended,323580,20500346,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,cmacneilliii,Beautiful and Brief
,Recommended,323580,18270641,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,[NC] GanjaNinja,"Just started playing the game, 1 hour into the game and kinda getting attracted to the artwork. Still does not feel really smooth with the game play and facing puzzles currently and getting hit by lightning. Oh well can't complain. Nothing bad about the game though, i really hope this will get better as the game's plot develops. Feels like im in norse methlogy."
76561198038866448,Recommended,323580,18270829,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Zoric,"Great music. Great visuals. Great voice overs. Really I'm having a hard time finding something I don't like so far. The lore is already fascinating and the game does a great job working it all in. The voice overs are in Icelandic which also helps set the mode for a rich Viking saga. The gameplay can feel a tad slow at times when you're just running around, mobs and puzzles are fairly spread apart. This does allow you to really soak in the visuals however so I'm not counting that as a definite negative mark. All in all the only real downside I see coming is that it will end far before I'm ready to stop playing.10/10 - Will kill Jotun again"
76561197967114074,Recommended,323580,18272952,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ramius969,"An outstanding game ,great story ,gameplay,beautiful art and very innovative..I want more of this.....I`ve been playing this game a couple of days now ..And all I can say is that is absolutely amazing ..I don`t know a word of the Icelandic  language but it sounds beautiful and it adds to the overall  Norse Mythology theme and mystery,I love it (I`m very happy reading the subtitles)..The music is beautiful and atmospheric, perfect for this game...The combination of the art, the gameplay ,the music ,the Norse mythology theme  make for wonderful game with great replay value.. I`m hope Thunder Lotus Games makes Jotun 2...I`ll be the first to buy it...Thank you for a great game."
,Recommended,323580,18310368,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SAMTEDDEH,"This game is beautiful, the visuals... the music... I just want to say this for me at this point I'd easily go 8/10Now, for the difficulty, I would say the difficulty scales up quite well, though I have just run face-first into a wall, this boss is... well.. I'll not spoil anything, but I keep getting swamped. I'd up it to a 9.5/10 xDBasically, what I'm saying is, if you like beautiful yet dangerous games, you'll probably love this game"
,Recommended,323580,18311342,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Loki Odinson,Being a Norse Pegan I was a bit weary of this title. The art really caught me though so I decided to give it a go. So far its really pleased me!I will be doing a more in depth review once I've beat it.
76561197998634512,Recommended,323580,18318870,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,D.E. Void,"Quite literally the prettiest game I've ever played.  I'm not talking graphical fidelity, or photorealism.  Something about the paralax movement and the art direction in this game have left me absolutely stuned.  If purely for that reason and that reason alone I highly recomend this as a purchase.   After all this, you still have a simple yet extremely engaging gameplay mechanic that never detracts from the pure eye candy dancing waltzing accross your screen.  This one really hits the spot.  Hope you get to enjoy this as much as I did."
,Recommended,323580,18320328,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Axeface,"The aesthetics of a polished modern indie game. The deep narrative of Nordic warrior Thora. And above all, skillfully designed boss battles delightfully remiscent of classic games such as Revenge of Shinobi and Golden Axe. Like a great novel, I couldn't put it down until I finished it."
,Recommended,323580,30908940,Posted: 2 April,all,Ragna,"Very nice game but with serious flaws.Art , music , lore are excelent.The powers you get from the gods are very cool and always save me in a pinch.The boss fights are very fun, but the game is almost a boss fight only game.There are some stages witch are very beautiful like climbing the yggdrasil , ice tundra,... but empty.No enemies, secrets,nothing.It would be nice if there were other weapons and if the main character move faster .Still is a good game , a short one btw7/10 no regret buying the game"
76561198021974294,Recommended,323580,23009882,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,crashlanding87,"Definitely worth your time.The gameplay isn't perfect throughout - some of the levels (particularly the two ice levels) are somewhat sparse and boring. However, the boss fights, which are the star of the gameplay, are really challenging and fun (especially the last two!).The art and story is where this game really stands out . 11/10. Everything is BEAUTIFULLY hand drawn and animated, and the story has excellent pacing and phenomenal voice acting. Excellent use of Norse mythology, totally engrossing.I loved every minute - even the kinda boring ice levels."
76561198019997491,Recommended,323580,23007510,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mig,I find the exploration and the combat very rewarding - presented through a good story and magnificent art. Give yourself a late saturday of immersion - definitely worth it!
,Recommended,323580,23337606,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Frostilyte,"Jotun is an isometric action game where you play as a viking woman who has died at sea. Because her death wasn't honourable she has to prove herself to the gods by defeating the Jotun in combat.The game's art style and sound design are both fantastic and do wonders for setting a tone in the world as well as the various Jotun fights. The combat is slow and feels very deliberate when executed. This makes fighting the giant Jotun feel like it has a better sense of scale. You feel as if you are this tiny person fighting this formidable giant who is much stronger than you.The thing I liked the best about Jotun is that it teaches you almost all of the mechanics required for the bosses organically in the exploration phases prior to the actual boss fights. You are given an environment to learn and practice in, so when you eventually get to the Jotun there are no surprises. I say almost because there is a mechanic in one fight that isn't introduced prior to said fight. Not sure if I missed something, but that aisde Jotun does an excellent job of introducing and teaching the player through playing the game.Jotun is a beautiful game that is mechanically sound and prefers to teach it's players through it's design. I think it is a fantastic game and if anything I've said here has you interested I would recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,323580,23152390,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,CursedBohemian,"This game is truly amazing. I am not a big fan of linear or top down style games but this is so entertaining that I was hooked immediately. Catch my streams on Twitch or Youtube under Ata_boy and you will quickly see how the graphics, sound and storyline will draw you in."
76561198055146416,Recommended,323580,23272276,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,wldziedzic,This game is absolutely beautiful and breathtaking. I loved every piece of it. If you love indie games with a soul - this one is definitely for you.
,Recommended,323580,23470001,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Xen0sys,Cool game - great artistic visuals. Haven't beaten it yet but played enough to recommend it. Bosses are gargantuan - sometimes I can barely see myself.At the beginning you can't do much. In fact the controls/movement are very limited. You can jump/roll. You can do a quick attack and a charge attack. And that's it. Nothing fancy.But as you progress and explore you start finding shrines that provide you with new abilities. There are quite a few of these and are the core of most big battles. You're also limited to only a couple uses of each ability between save points so you have to be strategic.
,Recommended,323580,23460048,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Goremonger,Great game! Very nice artwork! Very fun to play. Amazing scenery. Recommended
,Recommended,323580,23262277,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,darksteelhyren,"Quite enjoyable.  If you're a fan of giant monster fighting games (YS for example) you'll love this.  Bosses range from easy, if you're going for victory without achievements, to moderately difficult.  Each fight is fair.A touch short, would be my only complaint.  Game is definitely worth buying on sale, possibly worth buying at listed price."
,Recommended,323580,23295945,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,RedXIII,"Jotun is definitively worst its price.Pro:Fresh and nice hand-drawn graphicsGreat and original SoundtrackBosses are truly epicThe difficulty is pretty well balanced. You have to try, you will die dozens of times, but if you observe a bit and adapt yourself it will payCons:Exploration part is a bit boring (The map is especially bad)Tora is not really punchyPower selection can be really cumbersome (at least with keyboard)The main story is... hhhhm, like the main story of an Hack&Slash?Price of soundtrack (10€) is just a joke."
,Recommended,323580,23265014,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Narcissistic Cannibal,"If you like games like Titan Souls or Shadow of the Colossus then you will probably love this too, its sort of like Shadow of the colossus but with norse/swedish gods as the colossi. Check it out nerds."
,Recommended,323580,23527537,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Señor de las Pagodas,"Fantastic game, the music and illustrations are breathtaking, also the voice-over in icelandic it's great, it trully feels epic. The combat is well-balanced, it reminded me of Shadow of the Colossus because the giant bosses, but this is a slow paced combat that is not for everyone, and in some moments while fighting the bosses, kinda problematic, this is the detail that could be more polished. Anyways, this is a truly great game, a must-buy if you are a fantasy love, specialy of nordic mithology."
76561198073202641,Recommended,323580,23543266,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Orogontorogon,"The Boss Battles are great, in all regards (music, visuals, difficulty...)And thats pretty much it. But for 15 bucks thats totally fine, so if you enjoy big epic fights, in which you will die often and don´t care much about story, character development etc. go for it.Oh, and buy the soundtrack too; it´s amazing. Even if you don´t buy the game...buy the soundtrack."
,Recommended,323580,23811196,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,bopp,"A very nice game, beautifully drawn with great sound design and presentation. The fact that all the characters only speak in Ancient Norse really helps with immersion. Boss fights are straightforward and kinda uninterested, but the last giant and the final boss are VERY fun fights and VERY difficult.If you don't like a slow, plodding pace, however, I wouldn't recommend this at all. The game is very slow."
,Recommended,323580,23863198,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Durzarina,"I absolutley love this game!!Its art style is beautiful, it moves well, but the only thing i would say is that when it comes to attacking its all about the timing.  The timed shot between one small hit or  a bigger hit is what could get you killed.anyway, the music is huntingly stunning! and some of the bosses are looking creepy!  Yes, granted it IS quite a small game, but to me it is one of those ones where you can just pick up and play.  Doesnt matter if you have beaten the bosses once or 1000% it is a super lovely game to play.to totally reccomend. <3"
76561198044844320,Recommended,323580,23012909,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,MLGFeed,"This game is fantastic. If you have any interest in Norse mythology I'd highly recommend it. It's a slow paced game about exploration and giant bosses. Almost like a 2-D hybrid of Shadow of the Colossus and the best bosses of a game like Dark Souls. Before you can take on one of the Jotun, you must first collect it's runes in some fairly well thought out levels with lots of nods to norse mythology. Add in a variety of god powers to be found and life extending apples of Ithunn, you have yourself a scenic jaunt through Yggdrasil and the Nine Worlds. Highly, highly recommend. Did I mention it has a fantastic soundtrack? One that perfectly suits the mood?"
,Recommended,323580,22990604,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,du blanc,"This game has a very refreshing art sense and revists popular themes from other puzzle adventure games akin to zelda. Good story, functional mechancs, fun boss fights while remaining challenging and engaging. The art is something that was truly awesome. Good sound design too."
76561198098400345,Recommended,323580,22996327,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,KudukuPuding,"This makes you feel tiny, lonely and lost. So the feeling of accomplishing something big, is satisfying. It fulfill its purpose perfectly"
,Not Recommended,323580,22975204,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DanGraf,"'Shadow of the Colossus' on an indie budget.I found a lot to love about this game - it's awesome, but difficult to recommend without a warning.I bought it today and completed it. Total playtime, not including breaks between sittings, was around 4.5hrs at a leisurely pace. I got pretty close to finding 100% of the stuff, too. It was mostly enjoyable and had some very memorable moments, but some parts felt more like tedious 'filler' and it's all over too quickly.On sale?  Hell Freaking Yes. Yes Yes get it now!Otherwise, probably not.Cons:- It's not a long game.- Offers little to no replay value.- Exploration/Puzzles and combat are deliberately slow and ponderous - for some, an acquired taste.Pros:- Bossfights are ♥♥♥♥ing epic - grandiose in scale & seriously heartpounding challenges.- Hand-drawn Art direction is second to none especially considering it's a low budget indie.- Character animation, FX, Music and visual setpieces are jawdropping.- Story is refreshingly oldschool traditional mythology :)- KAUNAN OWNS YOU.So yeah - if it's cheap and you're a fan of intense bossfights, Norse Mythology or Shadow of the Colossus get this game and enjoy it for a few hrs - it's awesome.. :)At the regular price it's hard to say whether or not you'll get value for money - I would almost certainly recommend Hyper Light Drifter instead - it's a similar game, with *way* more bang-for-buck!!!"
76561198065411990,Recommended,323580,22988000,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,pantssassin,"Super fun and pretty, not a massive amount of content but worth the money.I beat it in about 4 and a half hours, but I also didn't get everything i could have."
,Recommended,323580,19040470,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,baeblade,One of the most stunning and fun games I've played in a loong time!! I've never had this much fun dying~
76561198010017930,Recommended,323580,18267659,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Vorpal,"I love Norse mythology, and these boss fights are so huge it's like playing 2D Dark Souls / Bloodborne.  It's unbelievable how perfect this is.  BEST INDIE GAME 2015!"
,Recommended,323580,18268624,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Rezon,Takk fyrir mig!
76561198077222801,Recommended,323580,18269111,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,DYN DIM ACSIWN,"I'm early in so take this with a pinch of salt but the game runs and controls really nicely, everything has a really nice heft to it (imagine a relly weighty titan souls) also it's ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous so based on the little I have played, I'd recommend it"
,Recommended,323580,18272000,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Vuni,"Jotun's gameplay is fluid and absolutely incredible. The backgrounds are beautiful and the scale of the game is awe-inspiring. The story is great paired with the gameplay considering you actually feel like the task is impossible. This is an amazing game and you should give it a run, just for the story if not anything else."
76561197994182864,Recommended,323580,18272330,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,JaqenH'ghar,"I'm only 30 mins into this game and I might revise this review later as I get more into it but oh man do I love this game.  After seeing the trailers I knew I had to get this but was weary that the art style and action could live up to what was seen in the trailer.  So far soo good and I would definitely recommend that you pick this up like yesterday.Do you like Zelda?Do you like Dark Souls?Do you like the mythology?Then buy this game, and if you don't then you're a monster!      (j/k about the monster part)"
,Recommended,323580,18274141,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,kadalyst,A game about Nordic culture that actually has the ability to listen to it and watch the subtitles in Islenska. So few games cater to Islenska that it's worth the price tag just for the care and attention of the translation alone.
,Recommended,323580,18275078,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gwer,"tl:dr = Worth the money, beautiful game and music, challenging boss fights, awesome Nordic mythology.I just finished the game, managing to collect everything possible, it took me 7.9 hours.Is it worth the money? Absolutely.It's a beautiful game, the music was like butter to my ears. All the Nordic lore was such a fun thing to experience as well. I found myself googling a lot of names and such just to find out more about these beings of myth.The only thing that irked me was the basic attack of the axe, it felt a bit too clunky, but I can understand why since it's a big battle axe, and this is only a minor thing that got to me.The boss fights were challenging, at least the last three were, the last fight actually had me go back to places to collect golden apples that would give me more health, and shrines that I had missed which gave me very useful abilities.Speaking of Shrines, I would give this tip, use your map and find them. They are beyond useful, and can easily be missed.The story is simple, it doesn't need to say much for you to understand it, and it does a good job of telling it with brief dialogue in between and in different worlds."
,Recommended,323580,18275497,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,JohnnyPurple,"A beautiful game. Fantastic hand-drawn animation coupled with a wonderful soundtrack in awe-inspired settings (who doesn't love Norse mythology?); the use of layering to create breathtaking backdrops is really rather lovely.On top of all that, the boss fights themselves are stunning. Well designed, challenging enough to give you some trouble, but the mechanics are sound so you'll never feel it was a cheap defeat and will be happy enough to dive back in."
,Recommended,323580,18275775,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,inhow,"Great game! I plan to play a little everyday, don't want to end it too soon :("
76561198022679039,Recommended,323580,18275979,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Glim Glam,"At this price the game is an absolute steal.The game's packed to the brim with creative and interesting visual content. Sounddesign compliments the visuals to a T.Combat's not too complex (early Diablo-esque) but doesn't need further complexity as it allows the player to focus on the absolutely gorgeous vistas and characterdesigns. That's not to say the game's a walk in the park-easy, it's just that the game knows its strengths and how to build itself around them.Highly recommend if you're a fan of atmospheric adventure-type games, you'll get more than your money's worth."
76561198045012274,Recommended,323580,18276814,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,PRIEST,"This game is so simple and awesome looking! Besides the fact that it is all in subtitles, the Norse mythology, language, and music make this adventure unique and fun."
76561198041060324,Recommended,323580,18279831,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,matthew.n.lauzon,"First and foremost, this game is beautiful. It's controls are tight, which is important when dealing with the giant boss fights. These are spectacles to behold and always feel like worthy foes to conquer, trully epic fights. Although these fights are the centerfold of the game, exploring its various locales for powers and health power-ups is a treat. Every area is beautiful, unique, and fascinating in its own right. the narrator has a powerfull voice and her story, although not ground-breaking, is enjoyable and atmospheric. If you liked games like Bastion and Transistor (Supergiant Games ftw), then you'll love this.*The only gripe I have is that there doesn't seem to be much replay value, but this is minor as the experience as a whole is very polished."
76561198045581848,Recommended,323580,18280969,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Diablo,"Oh yeah to describe this game in word's is tough, Think Princess moninoke meets Shadow of collosus? If you even know both of those titles you will like this game, It's not a gorefest if you want a gorefest turn back now, This game is eligent and beautiful, it's not fast paced because you would miss the best parts about it if it were fast paced... take your time, sip on whatever you have and enjoy"
,Recommended,323580,18281644,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,HeisenBear153,This game is incredibly beautiful. Everything you see feels handcrafted with a Studio Ghibli vibe and then bathed in beautiful water colors. The occasional clunkiness of combat is immediately forgiven upon experiencing the beautiful world of Jotun.
,Recommended,323580,18284432,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,sad times,"I doubt any dissenters to the notion that video games are ostensibly a form of art exist within the video game hoi polloi anymore. To those self aggrandizing cultural stalwarts who are - I present to you Jotun, the latest in an exponentially increasing list of beautifully crafted indie darlings that strengthen the art argument just about monthly.Jotun's story is that of our heroine, a viking woman named Thora, who's life ends unceremoniously in a storm. Unable to ascend unto the halls of Valhalla, Thora must garner the reverence of the Norse gods to secure her rightful place in Asgard, all the while revealing the story of her life in pieces along the way. Thora's life is fraught with Shakespearean tragedy, told in a fashion which is somehow both autobiographical and eulogistic. Developer Thunder Lotus Games out of Montreal couples this with a hauningly minimalist landscape and score, and has created a deeply moving experience.The gameplay of Jotun is deceptively simple. There are no enemies besides the bosses which the player only encounters by gathering the necessary runes from their respective area. Exploring these areas was an incredibly joyous experience for a very unique reason; the area maps are purposefully vague and do not show your location. The game remedies this in very realistic ways like zooming the camera out when you're on high ground, giving you a better lay of the land and forcing the player to navigate using a form of dead reckoning. Not all will find this as endearing as I did, but I found it added a layer of realism and difficulty to getting around and, at the very least, gives you a much better appreciation of the level design. Boss battles are the classic ""notice a pattern and counter accordingly, using the abilities you've acquired thus far"" but, in practice, are not so patronizingly easy and in fact can be quite the opposite.Jotun is everything from beautiful to terrifying to heartbreakingly tragic. The gameplay, art style, and score are resonant and powerful, and the difficulty and learning curve are just right, meaning Jotun feels something like the perfect mix of Dark Souls, Shadow of the Colossus, and Transistor. Jotun could benefit from a length increase, but then again, so could most artsy indie games, and even though I found it's unique take on navigation to be charming, there was a definite need for a mini map, as I found myself pressing start just about every 2 minutes to look at it. Jotun is a fun game that is presented well enough to make you feel feelings and think thoughts which, at the end of the day, is a definition of art. Don't expect Jotun to change the way video games are perceived tomorrow, but absolutely include it in the list of games that will change that perception in a few years."
76561197991867766,Recommended,323580,20499657,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Joker7689,need more games like it!!
76561197977165692,Not Recommended,323580,20509284,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Tjaranis,"not for me :) the gameplay mechanics is a bit too simple when it comes to the combat, getting rooted and the slow pace of it wasnt too fun.the story telling is done in a langauge i can't quite set my finger on, which is sad (since i do understand most nordic langauges) and i do think that since it is a full story driven game you should hold more to a langauge which can be understood ^^the artwork is beautiful and i like that you play a warrior women. the music i heard was decent as well ^^"
,Recommended,323580,20594115,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,7win_fl4me,"beautiful game, awesome level design and boss fights, soundtrack is spot on, i'm enjoying the hell out of this!"
76561198053192641,Recommended,323580,20121758,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Caid,"Looks beautiful, has an interesting story and setting and the combat is perfectly judged.Great game. 10/10"
,Recommended,323580,20574348,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Myst~,"Haard as Balls, but tasty too"
,Recommended,323580,20572886,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,kuzenbo__,"After taking a while to beat the game, I can honestly say this is one of the best games I've played. I am shocked that not many people have found this gem.Pros: Solid Controls, Great Story, and Wonderful ArtCons: REALY (Dark Souls Level) CHALLENGING BOSSES, Sometimes Tedious Levels (The Crater), Not Many Collectibles for an Exploration GameFeatures (Not Good Nor Bad But There): 8 different angles when charging an attack on a controller, fine for keyboard but would like more accurate turns to support analog sticks instead of WASD. Dialouge is all in Norse with English subtitles, which adds authenticity but I can't really understand what is being said without looking. I am looking forward to playing this game again."
,Recommended,323580,20613877,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Nemi,"Okay, I give up. After failing the bossbattles over and over again I just don't want to go on. Maybe something is wrong with my gamer brain because defeating one doesn't even feel good anymore but rather just gives me a feeling of checking off a box before the next frustrating opponent.Jotun is a very pretty game that is deeply steeped in Norse mythology, but it is also very frustrating. Thora, the main character moves very slow for a hack n' slash style game and choosing between the two possible attacks (normal and heavy) is like choosing between plague or cholera. The normal attacks do very little damage, but already feel very heavy and slow, while the heavy attack doesn't really work on most targets as they often move before the charge animation is over. Even downed Jotuns after their heavy attacks get out of the way before you can hit them. Exploring the levels is nice, because the atmosphere and the mythological tidbits are really cool (I love that the voice over sounds Norse), but the slow movement speed makes the occasional backtracking a chore.The bossbattles just wound up frustrating me, but maybe a more skilled player with more freetime will enjoy tackling them."
,Recommended,323580,20617058,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DrArchon,"A beautiful experience!  Fantastic visuals, outstanding soundtack (be sure to buy it as well!), and soothing and authentic voice acting make for an engadging and awe-inspiring game, but not one without problems.The easiest game to compare Jotun to would be Shadow of the Colossus.  Most of the game is spent exploring exotic locations.  You can look for power-ups and such, but really the reward of exploring is simply seeing more of the environments.  Rich colors and hand-drawn animations make for a feast of the eyes.  You will want those power-ups though because a few of the boss battles are very difficult, so be prepared to jump between stages with next to zero challenge (save for basic puzzle solving) to boss fights that require a great deal of reaction speed."
76561198056743337,Recommended,323580,20661434,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Karma,"Jotun is a relatively short indie title that is still absolutely worth the purchase. A beautiful soundtrack, gorgeous art, and simple yet attractive hack and slash gameplay set to the backdrop of norse mythology proves to be an effective formula. Beating bosses is challenging, but not enough to rip your hair out, the perfect difficulty level to establish a sense of meaningful reward when bosses are defeated."
,Recommended,323580,20655574,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,badrolljoe,"striking, hand drawn visuals. immersive soundtrack, very evocative of the style. incredible combat, brutally difficult but equally rewarding. for fans of Dark Souls and Don Bluth!"
76561198088557088,Recommended,323580,20658075,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,gokoza,Brilliant game with simple graphics..
76561198074224747,Recommended,323580,20648074,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Lumya,"Jotun is a beautiful game. It's beautifully drawn and the soundtrack is incredible. I study Old Norse myth and legend, and it is clear to me that the developers did their homework when it comes to the myths and stories behind Jotun (I also acknowledge the fact that this is the developer's interpretation of the Eddas. I never expected it to be “accurate”. It is obvious that there is a lot of attention to detail to make the narrative work and make sense, which is a challenge with the “original” sources).That being said, I found the gameplay slow paced and sometimes boring. Some of the levels are designed very cleverly, but others are just annoying. The storyline lacks depth and character development. It felt like throughout the entire game the same story was being told over and over again when different aspects of Thora’s life could have been explored.In the end, however, I’d definitely recommend this game. It’s absolutely worth the $14.99 and it is bound to (at the very least) spark some curiosity for the wonderful world of Old Norse myth :)"
76561198005304768,Recommended,323580,20712857,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kain,Good game overall controlles on the defalt seting dident feal intuitive but a steam controller can fix that right up. outside of that nothing bad to say about the game its short and sweet. the game mixes easy puzzels and exploration with somwhat difficult boss fights. i took my time enjoying the art (wich is beautiful) so the game will take most folks any where between 4 and 8 hours to compleat so it is short but. the story fits and the norse mitholigy wich isent very indepth is still a nice setting and enjoyable. i would say pick it up on sale like i did and you will most likely have  a good time with the game.
76561198132306876,Recommended,323580,20753747,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,YouTookTheWrongHolyLandBoi,This is an amazing and beutiful game that suprised me when it said it was hand drawn. It has fun and difficult bosses mixed in with viking mythology.
,Recommended,323580,20698211,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,♥,"Pretty tedious. The Slow Player Movement and clunky controls was annoying for me especially at the end. I felt like a slug moving around. Overall Interesting and Beautiful art.I would say just play it if you just wanna see the Beautiful scenery and art, not for the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,323580,20592610,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cedrada,The disparity between the ease of the levels and the impossibility of the Boss fights is so extreme. The game is not fun when you have to spend several long tedious hours waiting for the right set of RNG to happen to beat the boss.
76561198011088865,Not Recommended,323580,20582536,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,maumers,"Nice looking and during boss fights (just 6) challenging game, but 80% of the game is about SLOOOOW traveling around huge empty world. I can´t recommend it for people who presume this is game as Bastion or Transistor with Norse mythology.BTW for achievements hunters will be pain to do Jotun ones.I can recommend for players who has passion to find pieces of fine game in this huge world of nordic gods and enviroment. I´d like more action in game like this."
76561198052280288,Recommended,323580,20626397,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,bolox,Jesus Chrit this game is gorgeous.
,Recommended,323580,20598557,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Rekenna,Difficult and rewarding. Very well made game that is equally beautiful and challenging.
76561198009809111,Recommended,323580,20586273,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ccrazyclown123,"Very fun game with beautiful artistry. It was a bit short, but very much worth the money. I hope that we can see more from this developer."
76561197988306765,Recommended,323580,20529706,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,yung kaare,i like it
76561198252847276,Recommended,323580,18330356,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jan.christopher.arp,"This game is AWESOME!I've been waiting for the launch of this game for months, and it far exceeded expectations. Friends and I tackled this beautifully designed game set in the ever intriguing world of Norse mythology. We took turns fighting the challenging and addicting bosses; high-fives were shared all around for the one that finally ""impressed the gods"".Six out of five stars :-)!"
76561198064541296,Recommended,323580,18330617,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,thediusx,"One part The Legend of Zelda, one part The Banner Saga (aestheticlly), add a dash of Dark Souls, and a pince of Shadow of the Colossus, blend with fantastic writing, music, and voice-acting, and you've got a really great, tough, and just-long-enough game that's worth every penny.A work of art."
76561197970498972,Recommended,323580,18333329,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Wanderjack,"One of a kind, in the best way possible. This game is the complete essence of gaming: takes you on a hand-crafted adventure from start to finish. If it were 59.99 and had more valleys than peaks ** cough ** theorder1886 ** cough **, maybe not. But neither is the case. Fall in love with a game that teaches without teaching, and reminds you that we don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing."
,Recommended,323580,18333469,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,GameyAlexPlays,"This is a fun game that reminds me of Saturday morning cartoons with Dark Souls like bosses.If you are instested in seeing the gameplay in action, here is a link to my Blind playthrough on youtube:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLY7ri-49MY5nYbhWLChaZOjAXUNWeYJ58"
,Recommended,323580,18333520,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,OmegaBeard,Excellent game. Breathtakingly stunning backgrounds that make you want to stop for a bit. The soundtrack is perfection and builds an atmosphere you want to take with you. Shadow of the colossus meets bastion.
,Recommended,323580,18410444,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ghorta.DGL,"Short, but very good. If I had to compare it to something I'd say it was a mixture of Bastion, Shadow of the Colossus, and Megaman all wrapped into a delightful experience. The art is fantastic and looks like it was ripped straight from an animated film. The levels themself feel as though they were made in the Keiji Inafune School of Design. They do a fantastic job of teaching you the mechanics and then increase the difficulty while expecting you to keep up. Once you've mastered the two levels in each section you then fight the boss who takes the mechanics you just learned and throws them at you full-force. Each boss is unique and they vary in difficult, but most importantly you can fight them in any order you want. Exploration in each level is somewhat limited and I always felt like I wanted more reasons to look around, but sadly there are very few extras to pick up in each level. Overall I give the game a 9/10."
76561198031443472,Recommended,323580,18432089,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nuyarralek,"Jotun is a concise and beautiful game. The animation and music are both so enchanting and wonderful that it really leads to a mesmerizing experience. It also must be said that it's to the developer's credit that they decided to do their voiceovers in Icelandic, the closest living language to the language of the vikings. This extra bit of effort added greatly to the immersion of the game.The gameplay itself can be divided almost equally between exploration and boss fights. Exploration can feel tedious at times. On certain maps, finding all the content was relatively organic; on other maps it felt like a chore. Luckily the artwork is so beautiful that you can easily forgive the game for making you slowly run to the far corners of the map.The boss fights were challenging and exciting for me. I found them very easy to understand but sometimes incredibly hard to execute. There is a small amount of luck involved in some of the random effects, but overall, the fights reward skill. I happily discovered that I improved after each failure, and it was incredibly rewarding to beat them.The UI is very clean, but I did have one issue: scrolling for my powers was sometimes too time consuming and distracted me from the boss, oftentimes fatally. I'd prefer it if there was a way to hotkey some of the powers, rather than cycle through them.Overall, though, this is an easy recommendation for me. I put it up there with Transistor - another beautiful game with sometimes lackluster gameplay. The experience is definitely worth the price of admission."
76561198002315662,Recommended,323580,18449344,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,wallacetothe2,"Jotun is a good game. It's designed and programmed well. My faults with the game our its main character and a small gripe about Jotuns. I wish Thora was faster.I guess it balances out because the giants are so easy to hit. I would have rather had a faster character and harder/more hectic fights even if it broke the narrative a little. The boss fights were ok. All of them felt easy except for the last boss.  I felt like fights were lost because of Thora's skillset instead of powerful and frustrating boss skills. The final boss  broke that trend by feeling frustrating, taking a while to figure out, and then finallly defeating it. Jotun is fun and looks great but it could be more enjoyable."
76561198040959400,Recommended,323580,18450681,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,BLEEDINGTHROUGH666,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obN0lcTN-mYMy youtube video of the killing of the last boss in under 5 minutes. I believe this is the best way to finish ODIN off. Game was amazing and I recommend this game to anyone!
76561198080810063,Recommended,323580,18489833,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ODDity,"The artwork is beautiful, I love the Nordic theme.Plenty of exploration and some difficult difficult boss fights so far.I'd recommend this."
76561198025647929,Recommended,323580,18493101,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,silentOne,"Sad that the game was so short, even with the ample exploration available. From the music to the overall aestethic, this game was truly an experience"
76561198003336774,Recommended,323580,18494924,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,naragoth-BPR,"Wonderfully drawn artwork,  challenging bosses,  10.9 hours well spent!"
76561198015187657,Recommended,323580,18499027,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Chris' Waifu,"Great game, solid mechanics was fun to play!"
76561198051425398,Recommended,323580,18516215,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,dobbY,"This game is absolutely fantastic. Beautiful artwork, beautiful music, well thought out levels, and a little bit of old school difficulty."
,Recommended,323580,18539294,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,N~,"Between the epic scale, wonderful animation, inventive boss battles, and a soundtrack worth keeping on spotify for ages to come, Jotun cements itself as a pioneer its genre. Not only are the levels a tutorial for the amazing boss fights to follow, giving it a 'Shadow of the Colossus' feel, but the levels themselves are amazing to look at and a true delight to play. This game is worth recommending and playing to the end, even with incredibly difficult yet rewarding boss fights. I will say that after hours of trying to beat the final boss, the feeling of triumph is not like that of any other boss fight I've ever experienced. This game truely needs more recognition and I sincerely hope for either DLC, a sequel, or prefereably both. Good on you Thunderlotus for making a masterpiece, and I can't wait to see what else you develop."
,Recommended,323580,18548762,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TheMuffinMan,"Solid game mechanics, excellent aesthetic and an awesome soundtrack. Everything about this game is good."
,Recommended,323580,20535485,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,qwerji,Worth every penny.  Beautiful and satisfying.
,Recommended,323580,20539737,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Tickolas Nesla,"Everyone should get this game, it is a piece of art!"
76561198028182819,Recommended,323580,20531102,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,shnowitzer,"This game is fantastic. I bought it when it was just released last fall. If you loved shadow of the colossus which unfortunately I have never played, you will probably like this game. The art is beautiful to look at and all hand drawn. The game is a master of scaling, and does not only an excelling job of making you feel small, but also of making the enemies feel big. The Jotnar can travel across the map in a few steps while you slowly try and catch up. Each boss battle is unique as each jotun uses a different element. The puzzles are not the hardest in the world, but the real challange if you like exploration as I do. The map you can pull up does not tell you where you are on the map, so you have to use geographical features to juxtapose yourself onto the map. One final note. While most levels do not involve combat, the boss battles are extremely challanging. I give jotun a solid 8/10"
76561197990672230,Recommended,323580,20551478,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,NineByNine,"Play Dark Souls by way of Legend of Zelda!Die (presumably) way before your time in a storm due to bad luck!Wake up in an unfamiliar and yet beautiful land!Journey through rich, hand painted, beautiful landscapes!Learn about norse mythology!Wield an absolutely f**king gigantic axe!Wear a badass horned helmet!Seek out Runes of power to bolster your abilities!Kill giants of unbelievable power!Impress the Gods!Earn your final reward!Why haven't you gotten this game already!"
,Not Recommended,323580,20550039,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Zverity,"Dont waste your money! Boring, repetive and no action."
76561198148912958,Recommended,323580,24064738,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LopsidedChicken,"Jotun is an amazing game when it comes to art and gameplay. It is challenging, but still very fun. The only criticism I have about it is that I would like to see more levels or just more gameplay in general, but for now I can keep replaying the game over and over until I get bored. I can't wait for the DLC!"
76561198006262643,Recommended,323580,24018586,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sup3rDave,"Art style was pretty awesome and the boss battles were impressive. Fun game, although not particularly long."
76561198051078365,Not Recommended,323580,24911541,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Dahunar Happy Feet Mama Sanchez,"Some nice boss moments but boring inbetween levels. Some boss feels ""random"" as battles greatly depends on boss position and paterns."
76561198203073683,Recommended,323580,31305031,Posted: 22 April,all,lukehampton04,"Beautiful, hand-drawn animation & fascinating Norse mythology. A lot of reviews complain about the controls, but I find them to be a strong point of the game. Seriously, she's swinging a gigantic, heavy axe!  Definitely recommend picking this one up, although it is a little short."
,Recommended,323580,31241986,Posted: 19 April,all,Lord Kaiser,"This is a great little game who like the old school Zelda titles and presentation of the God of War series. The presentation is amazing, with the art design looking like it was animated by disney, any fan of Norse Mythology will of this game."
,Recommended,323580,32710833,Posted: 23 June,all,1st RvR Pte. Stonewall,One of the best uses of my time in gaming.  I suggest reading the basics of Norse mythology on websites such as timeless mythology or whathaveyou (Wikipedia is not the way to go). Knowing the back stories of Gods allows you to pick up on minor details and allows the game to be a fun refresher of the pantheon. Beautiful art style and well-chosen theme.
76561198059582025,Recommended,323580,20109194,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bloempje,Slay the Gods.
76561198065054426,Recommended,323580,33263983,Posted: 5 July,all,SupaGalaxyFabian,"I recommend this game and for the price (Steam Summer Sale 2017 had it at $4.99) it's well worth it. The game is short, however, but it is cohesive and gets straight to the point."
76561198138671458,Recommended,323580,33281722,Posted: 5 July,all,tuxon,"Ár Var Alda..Gap Var GinnungaEven, if these words say nothing to you,you will definitely find something special in ""Jotun""Highly recommendedfor ""Ori and the Blind Forest"" fans. Same atmosphere, but more serious, and far more Nordic.Hail the Old gods!"
,Recommended,323580,33551095,Posted: 14 July,all,Tyrienous,"A nice refreshing game that doesn't assume we have no attention span. Action is not forced down your throat but rather we are treated to a beautiful experience we can take at our own pace.Visuals are a gorgeous hand drawn style, audio is immersive and blends well with the visuals of the game.But the game is not just a visual experience. The combat is challenging and rewarding as you take on bosses of epic proportions. The screenshots do well to show the scale of the enemies you are fighting, however, even on such a grand scale your character is not lost in comparison.Would absolutely recommend, and even with its current free price tag, would still buy to support these developers."
,Recommended,323580,33566840,Posted: 15 July,all,XaivierX,"Great little game - I love the art style.  It's great to play a game that feels like a cartoon / movie.I have only been playing the non-boss boards so far, so I can't comment on the boss levels, but the ones I have played are more on the side of relaxing.  This game attempts to convey a story, and the game doesn't focus on lots of combat. Instead, you are to take in the sights as you wander around Valhalla.  The story unfolds with little quips of text / dialog here and there, along with what you see / experience along the way.  Its a great way to relax and unwind.  Each level offers a different kind of gameplay vs the others, so it doesn't feel like you are performing the same actions over and over again.Although it doesn't seem like an overly long game, it is nice to encounter a game like this that you can get through in one day if desired, without having to spend your life witing for the story to progress."
76561198117861731,Recommended,323580,18403972,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Reyadh.Rahaman,"There are so many things I want to say about Jotun, but to save people having to read a novel I'll use point form.Positives:-The attention to detail is incredible! 99% of this game looks like it was hand drawn by brilliant artists because it was-Visually stunning, the establishing shots that are scattered throughout the different areas really makes you feel like you're part of a bigger, more mystical, world-The music is awesome; epic and intense when appropriate and ominous when it needs to be, and very well composed with action-sensitive crossfades so you're never taken out of your immersion-The gameplay is as solid as a rock with plenty of variety of puzzles, terrain, level design, power ups, and enemies-The hit detection is excellent. You never take damage unless you should take damage and the enemies get the same treatment. If you want to beat this game and are having trouble, just get good.-The difficulty is pretty high in some parts, but fairly forgiving with deaths. As it should be in an action-adventure game.Negatives:-In the first area (Niflheim) Yggdrassil's roots are very pixelated. This is the only time in the game that I've seen this and I'm surprised it got past the alpha stage. Not really a big deal, it just looks weird.-When you stand behind something it's difficult to see yourself. You can still see Thora's silhouette, but in the darker areas you can get lost for a few seconds, which is a bit annoying. If your silhouette was a bit brighter when you walked behind something(light gray instead of dark gray) it would remedy this-The map is great, but Thora's current position doesn't appear on it. It's not too difficult to figure out where you are, but it slows down the gameplay everytime you consult your map and need to double check your surroundings. Especially in a game that encourages exploration.Overall I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes adventuring, Norse mythology, and a combination of both. Also to the gamers out there looking for a challenge, the bosses in this game DO NOT JOKE AROUND. Be prepared to get owned a few times, I sure as hell know I did. I had a great time with this game and am looking forward to seeing more from Thunder Lotus Games in the future."
,Recommended,323580,18533575,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Pinamigay Na Halaman 2,Old Norse is music to my ears.
,Recommended,323580,18535954,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,猫Katz,"8/10For the price, it's worth it. Overall great little game, fun while it lasts.+ Amazing art+ Simple controls+ Cool story / lore- Short- Too easy at times"
,Recommended,323580,18295591,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Fimbul,"Gameplay is a mix of isometric exploration and bone hard boss fights. The exploration part is unobstructive and not very eventful but the bosses aka Jøtun will melt your face! Throughout the game the protagonist will comment on several characters and places from norse mythology in genuine icelandic (subtitled) and manages to stay suprisingly true to the literature at that. I know my way around norse mythology and I'm certainly not used to having it so accurately portrayed in popular media. So if you like vikings and their weird believes, check this out! A little short, but I think the price was fair for the 8 hours I had with it."
76561198002588852,Recommended,323580,18296592,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Game Crunch Zombie,"Disclosure: Have not Beaten all the bosses, or even challenged them all yet, however I doubt beating them will change your impression and enjoyment of the game positively or negatively, and they are all immensely challenging from what I have seen so far.This game is beautifully hand drawn, has a great art style and direction, and can be described as a peaceful, yet engaging experience, with a heavy emphasis on exploration, and puzzles with a minor emphasis on battles and fighting.The single hardest level in the game is the second fire level stage with the giants throwing rocks at you, exploding on you, landing on top of you, creating lava bridges. There seems to be a problem with how long the second half of the level is from the last check point compared to every other level in the game, making it feel like a gauntlet, it's approximately a ten to 15 minutes gauntlet, that I had to repeat 6 or 7 times, which felt extremely unrewarding, and was a huge spike in difficulty from the remaning portions of the game.But I would definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a very artsy, exploratory, puzzle game, for it's amazing art style, music, and as of this review, boss battles having a very epic feel to them.The gameplay experience is well worth it's price tag, and the levels feel well balanced with the exception of the aforementioned fire level. The boss battles are incredibly challenging so far. (Tree being, Lightning Being, Viking Gold Mine Creature being) And I have only actually beaten the first boss. (Tree Being) yet still finding myself enjoying every moment of it so far.A slight complaint is that the power ups feel a little underwhelming and don't seem to particularly help with the boss battles too much, HOWEVER it also means that the boss battles are essentially always challenging, and my guess is that you can probably go for speed runs with enough practice against the bosses without any power ups which might add for some interesting replay value.Get this game if you are looking for a unique experience, with a very artsy feeling and some interesting difficulty levels. Be prepared for the level with fire giants to potentially ruin your enjoyment of the game however, as it is a really high difficulty spike compared to the rest of the game."
,Recommended,323580,18285699,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,golem_000,"One of the very best reasons to buy this game is simply to experience the art and animation style.  Every area and zone that you visit are done extremely well, with a distinct flavor for each.The combat difficulty ramps up as you progress, with the final couple of fights leaving you with sweat and a huge sense of accomplishment.Sadly, that time you see played on my profile is the time it took for me to fully explore every level, get all powers and life increases, and beat the game.  The time I spent with the game was incredible, and I really wish there was more.  That said, it was well worth the price.  Get this game."
,Recommended,323580,18629045,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Negihama,"This game is an all-around winner! Fun gameplay, great artwork, and amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,323580,18629328,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,kaiclubbe,"Beautiful, shows that a game doesn't have to be crowded with content to be compelling.Plays great, and My boys love seeing the Norse myths I've read and told come to life!"
76561198229231924,Recommended,323580,26512511,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,teufel_barde,"Jotun is a isometric action boss rush game based in norse mythology.The plot is simple, you are a female viking who died at sea during a storm and have been given a second chance to go to valhalla, but first you must kill several giants in order to prove your worth. Short, sweet and to the point. The game itself is dripping with norse mythology, every aspect of it is based in the mythos of the nords, from the HP increases to the locations you explore. While you can't teach someone about norse mythology using this, you could certainly get a kick out of it yourself if you know about it on a basic level and learn some new things, and for those who love norse myth to death, they'll be as giddy as a schoolgirl on prom night seeing all the references and depictions.The game has relatively straightforward combat, your axe has two attacks, a quick slash and a ground pound, on top of that you also gain various abilities from the shrines of the gods, each one giving you a little one up in combat. Each boss you fight has a unique set of abilities and attack patterns that you must learn and avoid while laying the smackdown on them in order to progress. Between each boss fight are levels where you wonder around and collect the various goodies inside along with the rune needed to unlock the boss door, typically these have some basic puzzle or minor enemies to kill in order to progress, nothing too straining.Visually, the game is stunning, the entire thing was hand drawn and it really shows, for better or worse. A few times some of the animations are a little ugly, but the vast majority of the game is downright praise worthy. The soundtrack as well is beautiful, turning what would be a slightly boring none boss level into a relaxing experience as you sit back and enjoy the sounds of violin among other classical instruments.The game does have a few minor issues. The levels between the boss battles vary in quality, some of them are great, while others are just a chore to get through, especially in the case of one of the later levels which is a real slog. Some of the animations look a little unpolished or are a tad jarring and i wish there was more content than there actually is. There are a total of six bosses, all of them fantastic, but the game can be completed if you really push yourself in around 7 hours, if your not, 5 hours.despite that, what your paying for is entirely solid and fun, with only one or two minor issues that don't ruin the overall experience. I enjoyed my time with the game from start to finish (minus that one level) and would recommend it to anyone who likes boss rush games, norse themed games or just in general want a quick, beautiful experience."
,Recommended,323580,26182847,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,DeuceBag,"Fantastic game, and worth the time and money.The Good:This game is beautiful right from the opening sequence. It keeps the audience interested in the character and the quest she is on. The levels are beuatifully done, and very large. Controller works perfectly, the keyboard does with a little reassignment of the keys. The boss battles can be a little tought, but they are mostly fun from start to finish.The Bad:Other than reassigning the keys on the keyboard, there is nothing that is displeasing playing this game.Overall:Pick it up. If you love beautiful games that you can invest 10-20 hours in, this is for you. It is beautiful, fun, and a great story from start to finish."
,Not Recommended,323580,28729466,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kalusti,"What can i say i justo don't like the game at all in the trailers and the screeshots seems EPIC and fast and you must be good at the controls . But no just wait for the IA miss the atack and go do this over and over some puzzles here and there , i know that a lot of games are like that but this one miss somenthing right in the biggining already :\"
76561198032450266,Recommended,323580,28729012,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Booket,"6.5/10This game is probably the most accurate representation of Norse mythology even down to the representation of Odin in the final fight.  The art is good, but the gameplay is simplistic and cumbersome.  I would have much rather seen more development in the story as it is quite very simplistic and linear.  There were many missed opportunities on development aspects here that could have been built upon in order to extend the base game beyond what it is.My suggestion: this game is good just to see some graphical representation and to follow the story through Norse mythology.  If you're not a fan lore then avoid.  There is a massive body of Norse lore that is not included but that's understandable.  It hits the basic primers."
76561198031898273,Recommended,323580,28654469,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,chunk_e_toast,"This game was Amazing! i loved all of the voice actors and the writing of the game. The visuals and sounds are Great as well! i loved the gameplay and the maze-like maps . great game to grind a boss and find out its weakness.:::;;;SPOILER;;;:::I have just defeated all of the Jotun and Odin , i have not played through any other modes but the story."
76561198055532613,Recommended,323580,28659947,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Babooki,"Jotun is a hand drawn, action game that is inspired by Norse myhthology. You play as Thora, a warrior who died at sea and not on the battlefield. You are to prove yourself to the Gods so you may enter Valhalla through multiple trials of combat. While the game doesn't cover all the Norse Gods (there are hundreds), the ones that they did use are brilliantly translated into the art style they went with. I absolutely adore the art style of this game along with its combat. I'd describe the combat to be much like a baby's first Dark Souls style of gameplay. The game encourages you to explore each area and really take in the beauty of the art that they've created by using panning camera shots to really show off the whole environment. I highly recommend using a controller for this one and not sitting too far away from the screen since many fights have a zoom out camera effect that makes Thora less than a half inch tall on the screen. My biggest complaint with this one is the hit box can be a little wonky at times but it doesn't hinder the game unplayable. If this game is on sale, I'd definitely consider picking it up if you enjoy a game with beautiful art and action elements of gameplay."
76561198116374899,Recommended,323580,28669335,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wolfclaw,"This game has the most awesome bosses I have ever fought! The game is not that big and the fighting mechanics a bit primitave, though that doesn't make it boring at all because of the great handdrawn artstyle. You will find very few moments of boredomn and will be drawn back to the game."
,Recommended,323580,28580242,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,the_grassninja,"This is a beautiful, somewhat challenging game, though not something I imagine would appeal to everyone. It has a pretty slow pace, and little in the way of combat outside of boss encounters. Instead each environment has it's own unique way of trying to kill you as you wander around looking for power-ups and trying to unlock the next area of progression. There are some noticeable difficulty spikes in the boss encounters, and thanks to the game not holding your hand after clearing the first area it's entirely possible to face a few of the more difficult ones early on. Thankfully the final boss, who is easily the most difficult and potentially frustrating of the bunch, is locked away until the others have been defeated. A few bosses proved a little frustrating before I learned the best ways to deal with them, and some of the exploration did feel uneventful, but overall I thought this was a fantastic game. If a 2-D isometric DarkSouls/Shadow of the Colossus hybrid sounds interesting to you, this game is probably worth checking out."
76561198124209367,Recommended,323580,29020980,Posted: 4 January,all,Wrath,"Jotun is a well done game. i have to say before i get into this that if you want a thick meaty story then this game is probobly not for you. i dident go in expecting it and you shouldent either but aparently some did.How the game looks: The game looks amazing its art style is one of the two factors that originaly got me interesed in this game. obviously art is subjective but i think most people would atleast say it was well done. most of the game, if not all, is hand drawn and it shows. during boss fights you can see it in the animation. once again seeing this is realy cool for anyone who likes this art style as i have enjoyed seeing all of the animations and landscapes within the game.How the story is: the story can be told in a good few sentences and is not so much about the background but how the main character gets there. Thora drowed and was taken to Ginnungagap where you must fight the gods to get to Valhala. That is about what you get from the trailer alone. The story dosent have too much more other than a more fleshed out explanation later on along with a bit of more new info. Now with that out of the way i can get to the good stuff, Norse lore. This game might not have the most fleshed out story but man it gets the Norse mythology right, wich brings me to the second reason this game got my attention. The first time i saw this game i noticed its name was Jotun, thats giant in norse, and me loving Vikings and Norse mythology i decided to check it out. the dev's made sure there were alot of easter eggs in for you to find regarding Norse lore. among them you can find Jormungandr which just so happens to be my favorite mythological creature. you can also find information about the gods and monsters you encounter from thora. While it isent much its easy to understand and digestable for people new to the mythology.How the game plays: The mechanics to this game are polished and easy to learn. you get three basic actions off the bat. first is a light attacks followed by a heavy attack you have to charge, last you get a roll that acts as a way to dodge quickly away from hostile creatures. while the roll will not make you immortal for a short time it is vital in the game for quick movement. The boss fights are the center of the game and can be extreamly hard, even harder when going for the extra achievements. each boss has a different attack pattern and enviorment to work with. all interactions are smooth and have no issues that i can see making the only thing stopping you from beating the boss is skill. i will move on from boss fight as i dont want to spoil any of them but over all some of the best quality boss fights you can get. The main feature in the game asside from boss fighting is the puzzels and exploration. to unlock the boss fight itself you have to go into different locations and find runes. in the locations you have to explore and solve puzzels. while this is a bigger part of the game you can get through it without too much trouble if you only care about the boss fights.8/10"
,Recommended,323580,29077593,Posted: 6 January,all,Kamy,"Very short, very sweet. This is a beautiful, relaxing game.Pick up on sale if you can, $10-15 seems like too much, only because the game is short.However, if you like challenging yourself, the game has an immense amount of achievements focused on perfecting your combat skills against each boss. I just played the main campaign, and got all of the items, beating it under 4 hours.SO, it's not a very long game, or one with lots of replayability, but the story is fantastic, the graphics are beautiful, and I finally found a game on steam that did not immediately stress me out when I died.It was nice learning the little bits of nordic mythology along the way - definitely want more though!"
76561198043618693,Recommended,323580,28853694,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SrBoris,"Despite it is very short (4 hours), I will remember this experience very fondly. The explorative element is boring but the boss fights, the beautiful art and the narrative (although very little of it) compensate. This game also proves norse mythology has loads of potential."
76561198057544966,Recommended,323580,29027445,Posted: 4 January,all,nambaza,"It's short and heavy on visual imagery to carry you through it, but its still sweet."
,Recommended,323580,28852912,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jackdw31,"Very promising first game from this developer, very excited for Sundered. Plays well, art is great, music is good and Kaunan's jump attack always either made me die in game or CRAVE death IRL! :))))))"
,Recommended,323580,28807749,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hashgar,"I felt alot of satisfaction in beating this game. It wasn't the longest game ever, but I had a blast playing it."
,Recommended,323580,28780627,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheBigCheese69,"As somebody who thrives off of rage games, I went into this game expecting to get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked. Up until this point (approximately 90% of the way through the main story), the difficulty has been entirely fine and every single boss has been very manageable. If you see a review bashing on this game for being ""too difficult"", it's objectively wrong. Git gud. Now onto the actual review.This game feels like a missed opportunity.The bosses, that which the game is primarily advertising, are uniformally great. There wasn't a single one which felt like a weak link. In addition to this, the amount of satisfaction you get from slaying these titans is insane. In my opinion, these encounters alone make the game worth buying.Now onto the negatives. The stages themselves are incredibly slow. They really break the pacing between fights and can drag on forever if you're attempting to explore them thoroughly, this which will most likely discourage many players from continuing. There are a few diamonds in the rough here though with The Northern Sky and The Roots of Yggdrasil coming to mind. Camera angles in the stages themselves also feel way too zoomed in and remove much of the wonder you'll get from exploring these fantastically hand drawn environments. However, this problem isn't present in the bosses where the camera is entirely zoomed out. Why it couldn't be like this for the entire game is anyone's guess.To conclude, Jotun's got some pretty spicy bosses and even more not so spicy stages in between. Buy it if you enjoy a tough but fair challenge and can bear the boredom of a glorified walking simulator in between. I wish a neutral button existed for games like this but the glorious encounters against the titular Jotun inch this one into thumbs up territory."
,Recommended,323580,29234955,Posted: 13 January,all,Lion,"I will start off by saying this:This game is absolutely incredible.You are a mighty viking warrior who had succumbed to the darkness of death, only to awaken onto the grassy plains of the Nordic afterlife. You are given a second chance into greatness, to prove that you are to be welcomed to the halls Valhalla by defeating the Jotun that stand in your way. The lore is spoken to you in the Nordic tongue and it really brings that sense of viability to the game.The game is unique in it's way of visuals. Instead of using computer graphics, they use animation. You can see the sketchlines used in creating the massive bosses that you are put up against. I admire their 'wholesome' aspect because it felt like it came through someone's no. 2 pencil and their imagination, instead of regurgitated computer 3D renderings.The soundtrack left me in awe as I was thrust into a fast-paced battle with beings that are more than 100 times my size.The game itself isn't very long, but I got a decent few hours out of it. There is level hazards, other than the massive, towering bosses that you face against, and sometimes I felt like ""well, that's a little unfair"", especially during the final fight, where I find it borderline impossible to be able to surive the onslaught of everything, as well as dodge MASSIVE hitboxes, but despite the small irritations, I can't wait to see if there is more games like this from them. I hope the makers of this game do it again. Maybe with a different mythology! I'm a fan!"
76561197997171234,Recommended,323580,29312247,Posted: 17 January,all,coponeinthenuts,"Loved the game play, simple controls and an enjoyable story related to the gods of Asatru."
,Recommended,323580,29688776,Posted: 4 February,all,wyulf,"jotun plays fairly similarly to the likes of titan souls. you explore a bit, but mostly it's about the epic boss battles. simple controls, not many moves, some god powers, that's pretty much all you're equipped with. so again, like titan souls, it's all about maneuvering, and remembering patterns. it's a steep learning curve, but fair enough that the battles arent all that impossible, and in fact, seem much easier once you know what to expect.a visually stunning game, very beautifully hand-drawn, with a nice soundtrack. the voice acting is pretty good too. it's nice that the developers went through the trouble to make all the voiceovers in icelandic; makes it feel quite authentic. not much to tell in terms of the story, but that's not really the selling point either so its fine.if you like games like titan souls, and more so if you're a fan of norse mythology, do get this game."
76561198012246949,Recommended,323580,29736042,Posted: 5 February,all,Doctor Strange,"Bought this game, was so excited to play it because I LOVE Norse mythology. The game wouldn't open. My heart....my heart."
76561198329638505,Recommended,323580,29258638,Posted: 14 January,all,MrEvilFalcon,"In short:This is overall a really good game. It has challenging bossfights, but the challenge feels very 'fair'. It always consists of elements that are already known to the player. It also has a great atmosphere and art style and pacing, which help make the player feel like a tiny part of a world made for creatures much larger than them. This makes the entire experience feel like a set-up towards a series of boss fights, which, as far as I'm concerned never disappoint.Longer version:In terms of gameplay, it offers two very different parts. On the one hand, there are the levels which are all well designed and full of beautiful artwork. They feel very distinct, and all have their own challenges in terms of both combat and exploration. The main character has a somewhat limited repertoire of attacks, but the types of enemies and environments the game provides never let it be boring.On the other hand, there are the boss battles, which are very challenging. The bosses are all great hulking giants that get more and more dangerous as the fight progresses. Along with the fact that the levels leading up to the bosses generally incorporate some elements of the bossfight, this results in a game with a very natural feeling learning curve. The levels more or less serve as tutorials for the bosses, and the early stages of the boss serve as tutorials for the later stages.It is in the later stages of the bossfights that the gameplay really shines. At any given time in the game's more difficult parts, there will be many different moving parts on screen, and correctly managing them is key to defeating the boss. At these times the game speed feels really appropriate. Sadly, this means that during some of the more 'relaxed' parts of the game movement and attacking speeds feel somewhat slow. This is only a minor gripe, and there's usually enough interesting things to see and do te keep a player invested.Lastly, it's very impressive how art style, music and narrative are used to enhance the feel of the gameplay. The atmosphere is somewhat oppressive and intimidating, which really aids in an epic feel when beating bosses."
76561198287679652,Recommended,323580,31029820,Posted: 8 April,all,Lumbo,"Jotun... Oh jotun... A game that yet again holds a place within my library with honour lets get into this review shall we?Jotun.. A game surrounding the legend of a woman a warrior called Thora going against the gods as a mere mortal the games dialog is within the speech of vikings themselves which only makes it far more special now lets see what the Positives and the negatives are.Positives1, The games storytelling and basic understanding on what is happening is laid out very well and you feel part of the adventure because you know what you're doing and if you have good understanding of this mythology you'll know what your end path will hold for you.2, The games level formats were refreshing and always different holding great puzzels to awesome fight sections to even avoiding dangerous objectiles to even stink vapours3, The artwork is just so weldone and just beautiful its done in such a manner you can't find fault at all I honestly thought it would be quite liner but you truly appreciate the games talent not jus tin its story but its artwork.4, Jotuns music is without doubt a masterpiece on its own right the games music only makes you want to fight and play the best you can very intense to very soft and beautiful to even weary toned music for atmospheric interactions with zones.5, The games vast majority of achivments listed are great gives you insentive to replay the game which many people need to adopt in most of there games.Cons?1, The game does not really tell you the keybindings that well I only really found out how to use the spells at the last boss.. Kinda lucky right? Sadly this could have been done better in both keybind selections also it felt I had to break two of my fingers while still moving around to find this at al comfertable.2, The game itself is rather short for someone that wants to play the core game than get all the goodies I would say it would have been nicer to maybe see installments where you collected 4 signals rather than 2 as it seemed rather quick overall for myself.3, The game could have had potential for more weapon interaction possibly showing what a true warrior is a master of all weapons, Though ofcourse its badass swinging a axe about it woul dhave been nice to see each weapon maybe been stuck into the gods you defeated leaving them being useless untill you step foot at the next door by picking up the chosen weapon by the god spectating her.Now would I reccomend Jotun? I most certainly would if you want a game that honestly  feel awesome and actually educate you but also gives you some form of decent puzzels and even great fights then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,323580,29772842,Posted: 7 February,all,Chacha,画风精美音乐优美操作一般（偏硬核）boss战刺激8.5/10
,Recommended,323580,29496465,Posted: 25 January,all,Crimsonthrull89,Beautiful Visuals with simple controls and story.Epic Boss fights keep you humbled on your toes.Hand-drawn art style is amazing.
76561198138024637,Recommended,323580,29630662,Posted: 1 February,all,tyson.tian.qin,"After 8.3hrs into the game and have beaten all bosses in normal mode, I think I have some say to the experience that Jotun can offer.The first thing i want to say is, if you are a fan of Dark Souls frachise, I bet you would fall in love with Jotun instantly. I myself am a expierenced player to the Dark Souls franchise (over 300+ hrs in game time) who was trying to find some game similar to Dark souls that can refresh my mind. Jotun, which is a 2D game with norse mythology background caught my eye instantly. In this game the player character, Thora,  who died an unhonorable death, needs to prove her worthness to the gods by beating the jotuns, so she can ascend to vahalla. Very much alike a 2D version Dark Souls game, Thora has light melee attack, heavy melee attack, dodge rolling, and a few unlockable combat spells that either heals, buffs herself or damages her foes. The key to beat many bosses lies on timing on dodging. The feel of controlling the character is exactly like that of darks souls, and any souls fan can pick up playing instantly.The con is, this game offers far less combat variety than Dark souls, as Thora wields one weapon only(a two-hand axe), compared with hundreds of weapons that are offered to players in Dark souls.Visual Effect:On the screen, Thora is often dwarfed by the colossius Jotuns she fights, and her moves and attacks felt powerless in front of the godly power the Jotuns wield. However Thora always emerges victorious through her courage and wit. This contrast is astounding both visually and mentally.Boss fight:Each boss fight essentially has a learning curve, and players have to learn the boss patterns through trial and error until they can eventualy beat the boss. All boss fights have serveral stages, and each stage is triggered by boss's remaining health. The boss will use more abilities and become more and more dangerous to the player with further progression into the fight. Quite often in the final stage players need to finish off the boss as quickly as possible through the burst of DPS, otherwise things will get out of control.Difficulty:All bosses have interesting abilities and  most of them are fun to fight. However, I have to point out that diffculty of each boss fight is not linear, some has a much larger difficulty spike than others. For example, The ice giant in normal mode feels like face roll while Odin feels way too hard (even for a Dark Souls fan like me). Took me 1 try to kill the ice giant and around 20 tries to beat Odin. Timing your dodging wrong,  or dodging in a wrong direction will cause you hit by Odin's thunder lance and lose a big chunk of your health, which typically results in failure in later combat stage. From the 3rd stage onwards, Oden will summon the shadow of one or a few Jotun that you previously beat ramdomly to aid him in combat, who throw their characteristic ability at you. As some Jotuns has abilitys that is much easier to dodge than others, whether we can beat Odin or not some feels luck based rather than skill based. I personally dislike this type of design very much.Summary:In general, Jotun is a hard and fun game. If you are not used to this type of game and expect to beat each boss in one go, I don't recommend this game to you at all. If you are into the souls game like me, or if you wanna give yourself a challenge, I am pretty sure you will enjoy this game very much."
76561198125515477,Recommended,323580,29792250,Posted: 8 February,all,PatacoTheOne,"Great game,♥♥♥♥♥♥final boss, seriously, its awful. Boring, cheap, and not fun. Other than that, it's a great game."
76561198126605760,Recommended,323580,29376648,Posted: 20 January,all,lastine_,"Play time : 36hAchievement 36/36Game difficulty : 4/10Achievement level : 8/10This game is similar to Apotheon, boss killing and mythology.Pros :● Hand drawn graphic - Surprised that ""pictures(?)"" are moving nicely● Music - Prevents getting bored● Narration - Icelandic narration helps immerse into the gameCons :● Too muck dependence on Luck - On Valhalla Mode, luck becomes the best weapon. No luck- No Achivement● Cannot see yourself in the map"
76561198193681207,Recommended,323580,31022959,Posted: 8 April,all,SuperJameser123,"Jotun is an amazing game, and i would recommend it to anyone looking for a challange. The game has 6 massive bosses all with unique abillities,and move patterns that you will have to remember to beat them. I have beaten sans from undertale (anouther amazing game you MUST play) and i still struggle to complete this game. it took me around 5-8 houres to complete the game, it is highly addictive and after you start playing you wont whant to stop.The game story line isnt too complex,there isnt any secreat lore, but you will have to know at least a bit about norse mythology to fully understand it."
76561198062513474,Recommended,323580,27854323,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,tyloros,Got my viking @$$ handed to me by giants (jotun)10/10 would die again
,Recommended,323580,31423170,Posted: 28 April,all,MorbidToaster,Amazing bossfights and artstyle. A good game if you like walking!
76561198024968719,Recommended,323580,31497925,Posted: 1 May,all,Ankar Moor,"A beautiful boss-fight focused game that has shades of God of War and Secret of Mana. The story's a mite simple: Thora, an Icelandic warrior chief, drowns at sea. While she's seen her share of battles, her not dying in one has made her ineligible for Valhalla. Thus Odin gives her a chance to prove herself: If she defeats the five Jotuns, then she will be granted access to Valhalla.And that's pretty much the game in a nutshell. Each Jotun's domain is divided into three areas. In the first two you hunt for Runes that grant you access to the third, where you fight the Jotun. It's a fun, old-school formula. Most of the stages offer moderate levels of difficulty. Most seem as though they were made with exploration in mind before gameplay. Not always a good thing, but Jotun pulls it off with aplomb. Mostly because the meat of the game is its boss-fights.These fights, while not all challenging, are always thrilling. Though they've nary a word in the script, each Jotun is beautifully illustraed and fairly unique to fight. Plus, once the game is cleared, there's a boss-fight mode wherein the difficulty is amped up, making for a considerable challenge to all you trophy-gluttons out there. On the basis of these fights alone one could recommend the game. In fact, other than the beautiful presentation, it is for these fights I recommend it.Speaking of the presentation, everything is hand-drawn and all the dialogue is spoken in Icelandic. It doesn't get more Norse than that, methinks.Overall, an awesome game if you're a fan of boss-centric games like GoW and Shadow of the Colossus. Or even old-school snes hack-and-slashes like the aforementioned ""Mana"". One caveat: The game isn't terribly long. I can't 100% recommend it at full-price unless good Norse-inflected media is a must for you. I cleared it at roughly three hours. Not to mention if you're hoping for a meaty story, you may want to look elsewhere. Thora's tale is not terrible. It's even strong. Just not very complex."
76561198060425216,Recommended,323580,33635661,Posted: 18 July,all,Orakan,One of the most  artistic and epic games i ever played.
76561198067005977,Recommended,323580,34536664,Posted: 27 August,all,Saratoss,"So I had mixed feelings about this game at first and came close to refunding it when I started getting frustraited with the bosses, However I actually ended up really loving this gameThe first 3 bosses I personally did not enjoy as the first two were nearly identical with over spawn of adds, however the art work is incredible and soundtrack+Narration really creates a capturing experience, I did find the bosses very difficult and I thought the last boss was way too RNG based, otherwise bosses 4 and 5 I found very well done, The atmosphere to each zone was very soothing and inrichful, but I did find one zone a little annoying and unnecessary which was the raft zone before the fire giant. I still believe they did a great job with this game which a few mechanical mistakes, otherwise reccommended"
,Recommended,323580,34440352,Posted: 23 August,all,D R A H J I N,"If you have a love for hand-drawn graphics, wonderful atmosphere and a somewhat passive interactive map that helps you solve how to get through the area, I can only recommend this.- Quick review -. OST - very fitting!. Visuals - wonderfully hand-drawn, vivid colors (imo). Camera - sometimes slow but very well done, the camera movements remind me very much of Shadow of the Colossus. Combat System - Slow and less motivating (see next point however). Difficulty - Hard. This is first because will have to fight against bigger figures than you that do a lot of damage. There are healing fountains of Mimir, but those aren't presented to you like you get presented dinner.Besides this, the combat system is very slow. Idk how it exactly will continue with the game but I can guess you will get more and more combat abilities. The game is very punishable if you aren't cautious.Other than that - it was too hard for me okay just try it out and play."
,Recommended,323580,34402270,Posted: 21 August,all,OC/DC,"Beautifully drawn and animated game - Jotuns themselves especially - combined with stunning camera scripting to show it off. Some issues with 3D perspective, and finding your tiny character, though.The illustration of Nordic mythology and culture is rich and detailed, without falling into over-exposition. Every element works towards this - music, art, story, voice-over narration, story characters, everything. The sense of place is engrossing.Gameplay is third-person action with all the fat trimmed off. Some god powers give character progression, and some strategy during fights, but mostly it's just your trusty axe and a dodge roll."
,Recommended,323580,34406284,Posted: 21 August,all,will_rider4098,Great game! Love the visual style and boss challenges!
76561198096308782,Not Recommended,323580,34173302,Posted: 11 August,all,VicViperTPS,"While I like the studio and their effort I have some issues with the game.The game is too short and should have included 3 + bosses.Playing through it you kind of create your own difficulty by either rushing through  it or taking your time instead of giving you the option to choose difficulty at the beginning.While some speedrunners might like this the game is not arcade enough to really replay it and is very linear.The only place where they break the formula they kind of break the game, This game has a mega man esc mechanic incorperated into it.  by giving you the option to chose the order of the bosses you face you quickly figger out the intended order of completing the game. Making the game way to easy once you discover which powerup can be spammed against a boss.That being said, I have to give it points for style."
,Recommended,323580,34218815,Posted: 13 August,all,Coder Jet,"This is a fantastic little gem. Beautiful artwork, great music and unique content. Each level was memorable, including the boss fights.Quite a short game if you just play the main story, but there is new game+ content worth a few extra hours.10/10, would ascend to valhalla again."
,Recommended,323580,34816561,Posted: 8 September,all,Skuzzy,"Wonderful game, runs smooth, not overly complicated, fun combat, great boss fights.  If you watch the videos / screenshots and think you will like it, you probably will."
76561198014397112,Recommended,323580,35128302,Posted: 22 September,all,Jaythreef,"Jotun does what it wants to do very well, and with a few minor tweaks, I think it could really shine.From the very beginning of the game,  you (Thora) feel tiny. These giant creatures don't even notice that you're there. And so even without introducing any kind of gameplay yet, you already feel the challenge you're about to face. The atmosphere of the game, as many have said, is phenomenal.My biggest complaint lies with one specific aspect of gameplay. Throughout the game, you acquire ""god powers,"" which assist you in combat (through healing, increased speed, damage mitigation, etc.). To activate these, you cycle through them and then hit the ""god power"" button. However, the icons that indicate which power you're about to use are up at the top-left corner of the screen. That, and you have enough of them that it takes some time to cycle through them to get to your preferred power.It would be nice to either 1) have some graphic show up near your character when selecting a power (think Shulk's Monado Arts from Smash 4) or 2) use the right stick on the controller to bring up an ""ability wheel,"" so that you could just flick the stick in a particular direction to activate that ability. I think either of those would help out a lot.Overall, though, this game is really cool, and definitely worth a try. And I don't even mind that I bought it like a week before it was free."
,Recommended,323580,35306895,Posted: 29 September,all,BoxDroppingManApe,"Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful game, but it controls very poorly. I still recommend playing it purely on the strength of its aesthetic, but keep in mind that the combat controls are stiff and frustrating."
,Not Recommended,323580,35235165,Posted: 26 September,all,proudnhello,"I cannot give this a bigger thumbs down.Exploration is boring, and the maps that are supposed to help are usless, giving you no sense of direction.Controls are sluggish, hitboxes are inconsitant, making some of the bosses compleate bull ****.At the start of the game you have no idea what you're supposed to be doing, as the game gives you absolutly no hints asides from ""find these runes""The only redming quality is that it looks good and has a nice astetic.This is, in my opinion, the worst game I own, and my only regret is that I spent too long stumbling around hoplessly to refund it."
,Recommended,323580,35507428,Posted: 5 October,all,Xenosium,"Jotun is an atmospherical masterpiece and a fantastic example of taking hand-drawn visual design to its highest potential. The game is a one of a kind experience, and while I would greatly recommend it, it is lacking in some serious aspects that would turn away some people.PositivesAbsolutely Stunning AtmosphereJotun builds a world using its visuals, art style and voice acting that almost no other game can rival. To my knowledge, it faithfully follows the old Viking legends and even has Old Norse voice acting (It could be Icelandic or Norwegian, I can't tell). It truly feels like you are experiencing something much, much bigger than you and learning more about it as you go along. You can feel the power of the frozen tundra wind as it roars past. You can feel the fear of being almost swallowed whole by Jörmungandr as he breaks through meters of ice with ease. Jotun is a journey through the world of Viking mythos, and it does it justice.A+ MusicThere's not much to be said on this, but it needs mentioning. Jotun's soundtrack is excellent, with no low points I can remember. Each boss track will have you really feeling the rush of facing something so ancient and powerful, while the area tracks suit their respective locations quite nicely.Hand-Drawn VisualsThe hand-drawn nature of the game gives it a visual appeal that really benefits the atmosphere it aims to create. Snow is heavy and whites out the screen. Ashes rain gently from the air as you walk through the active volcano pit. Giants lumber around with heavy steps as you fight them. This game would be a lot worse with 3D graphics or anything else. They hit the nail on the head with this one.Some of the Best Bosses in GamingWhile not nearly as numerous as other games famous for bosses like Dark Souls, the giants in Jotun are each a masterpiece. Each one absolutely towers over Thora, and fighting them is a hard battle against something that is leagues more powerful than you. The giants all have their own completely unique traits, attacks and characteristics, making each one a challenge of how well you can adapt, as well as overcome to your collosal opponent. Paired with the aforementioned soundtrack, the bosses are a delight to face and give you a true sense of victory when overcome. All of them are difficult in their own way, but none of them feel overpowered.Levels are Beautiful and Reward ExplorationThe areas of the game are all as unique as the bosses, with each one borrowing but not outright taking the theme of their boss to base it off of. Each one (Save maybe one or two) is based on an a place told of in Viking mythology. The World Tree is a good example, as is the the body of Ymir the first giant. You can freely explore these vast levels, which in turn reward you with godly powers and health upgrades for your exploration. This game will make you want to take your time and look around, rather than speed through just to reach the bosses. Enjoy the experience, don't rush it.NegativesThere's Practically No Gameplay Outside of BossesThis is Jotun's biggest weakness. Outside of the fantastic bosses, the gameplay is so bare-boned it's almost a skeleton. Only two levels out of around 9 - 10 have any form of attackable enemy, which are either swarm based enemies that individually die in one hit, or minor giants that really only exist to contribute to exploration via rock throwing. You'll be hitting inanimate objects with your axe to move them, but other than those times, 85% of the game is just walking. If you are a fan of a great atmosphere, then this might not be as big a problem as you think. Treat it like an intereactive movie instead of the average FPS. If you're the kind of person that needs to have gameplay to enjoy a game, sadly, Jotun just isn't for you.Achievements Don't Demand Excellence, They Demand PerfectionIf you are in it for the experience, this shouldn't matter much to you. But if you enjoy obtaining achievements, be warned of how ridiculously difficult Jotun's achievements are. They demand a minimum of absolute game mastery, and expect you to be able to flawlessly combo god powers or rolls to beat Time Trials and No Damage achievements. Two of the achievements require you to beat different bosses in under 25 seconds, which is insane. The rest all demand 60 seconds, save for Kuanan, who takes 80 seconds because he's hardcore. In order to obtain all achievements, you must complete Valhalla Mode (Which is basically NG+, except it's only bosses and they get buffed damage and health) without ever taking damage or using a god power. If you don't think that's hard yet, try and you'll see how much perfection it takes. Pray to RNGesus that you get lucky if you try. Ye have been warned.Minimal Replay Value Other Than Achievements and BossesThe downside of such an amazing atmosphere and story is that you can never really experience it twice. With the lack of gameplay added in, Jotun gives you no good reason to return to previous areas, and can never really be fully enjoyed again. The bosses can be fought again at your leisure, which is good, but once you complete the full story in about 8 - 12 hours, there's no reason to replay it until many years later.ConclusionIf you intent to purchase Jotun, do it for the one of a kind atmosphere and the amazing boss battles. If you want a super involved gameplay experience, don't buy this game, or try and tolerate the lack of overall gameplay while holding out for the next boss. I would heavily recommend this game to anyone that appreciates art in video games."
