user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,324080,16038503,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,_Patrick Swayze,"I have over a 100 games and it's only the second game I have ever taken the time to write a review for. Since 2 days I own this game and already clocked over 20 hours. I've played several sandbox building games, such as Minecraft, 7 Days to die, Arma 2 and 3 epoch (if you want to count that) and many more.The difference with many other games, is that in this game, nature is your enemy, such as bears. With that approach, it is different from most other survival games. It is nice for a change not to have zombies constantly chasing you and always find you no matter what you do.For construction you use resources you gather on the map like wood and stone and with workbenches you can turn it into the kind of wood or stone that you find, looks appealing. Besides that, you can change it into many shapes to make your building look original in design or create tools and materials such as furniture. it uses similar physics as Minecraft. Except that trees come down completely when cut  down (no more chasing leaves that float in the sky).Even though the game is in early access, it has a lot to offer already. The development team is very active, also on the forums. The last update caused a bug and was  reported by several players and the developer promised to still fix it the same day, which they did a few hours after.If you like building games with survival aspects and much nicer graphics than most building games available today, this game certainly deserves your support to make this into one of the best building games ever made.I  wish the development team all the best with the further development of this game."
,Not Recommended,324080,33736688,Posted: 22 July,all,Xendrae,"Original ReviewAs a whole this game is better than most similar games, but there is one glaring flaw: eternal early access. This game has existed for nearly three years, and I've owned it since the beginning. My lack of play time is directly related to the lack of content, which has been exacerbated by the increased time between updates.When I first played this game, the collection of voxel world games was small but growing. This game seemed to be unique and the most up-and-coming. That all changed when the developers began to lose interest in the project. The last update was months ago, and the new ""exciting"" update promises player models. To put it simply,development is slow and today there are scores of games with more features/content for a similar price, with more active development.UpdatesEdit (8 August, 2017): After a month of posting this review I discovered how toxic this community tends to be as well. Every negative review has a goonsquad of people on it personally attacking the reviewer for their honest opinion, you'll find the same on this review. Save your energy from the keyboard warriors and avoid this game and community while you can.Edit (10 August, 2017): Formatted review for additional clarity, as it seemed to be necessary given the 11 pages of comments as of this edit."
76561198018554331,Recommended,324080,17671222,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Yahgiggle,"Rising WorldAs the name suggests this game is about you starting off with nothing other than a pickaxe and then dominating  everything around you to rise up and turn the would into anything your imagination can come up with, but does this game live upto its name!!,To start i have now clocked up around 3000 hours so i think ive put in the time to be able to answer some of your questions,The frist thing i think of and most of us do is, is this game like minecraft ?, well lets see,1• Is it a open world, yes,2• Can you interact with every object within the game, yes,3• Can anything kill you, yes,4• Can you build with blocks, yes,so now its realy starting to sound like mincraft right, but thats about where it ends, with rising world your world is even more  interactive the things that kill you are more true to life than some green box Creeper thing or zombie, and the game goes beyond the blocks with planks and beams witch can be resized to fit your needs,To put it short think of rising world as mincraft on crack,Now thats out of the way what do i think of the game,well coming from minecraft it was very simple to work out how to build just place a block and place another one,but frist i had to get stone, i got my pickaxe and then hit the ground i was like, whats going on here theres not a box looking hole what i was left with was more like a chunk uneven and more to real life this i found is awesome and i give them a thumbs up for, then i cut a tree and crap it started to fall like a real tree getting cut down that was so epic and very well done 10/10 for this its awesomeNext i had to work out how to craft my blocks and by pushing the i key i found the inventory was a little hard to see something i think that needs to be improved 8/10,After finding where to craft more tables i crafted my frist block bench where i found over 100 textured blocks with a number of shapes, oO i could not beleave my luck finding a game with this amount of blocks to use 10/10 for that,Next i built what is called a sawmill, with this you can craft a number of things including planks, beams, tables, seats, and much much more, for crafting items this game is 8/10 you wont beleve all the things you can craft right down to a toilet and a toilet paper holder,For NPC theres things like goats, bears, sheep, fox, rabbits, even moose and they all look amzing i give them 9/10 for looks but we cant say the same thing for how the act ATM you will find strange things going on and we can only give them 3/10 for there artificial intelligence,Next we have plants theres 41 types at the time of this review and they all look stunning with tomatos with tomatos that you can farm and eat, apple trees that you can even eat from, carrats witch you can also grow and farm, for plants i give them 7/10 i would like to see more types with seeds that we can plant witch ive been told will happen there are types of saplings but i feel seeds would be more epic,Graffics are a key part of todays games and this game has much improved graffics over mincraft but the lighting could be improved, for graffics i score this game 7/10,For overall building  i give 10/10For overall farming i give 5/10For overall customizing characters 0/10 you cantFor survival mode i give 3/10For endless hours of fun i give 9/10Overall i score this game 7.3/10 as it is, but lets not forget this game is in alpha and theres lots more to comescore is taken form my total score divided by the amount of times i gave a score."
,Not Recommended,324080,18352815,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Absolutely Barbaric,"I'll start of my review by saying that anything you read here reflects my view of the game at this point in time. Since this is an EA game, it's perfectly reasonable that later on there will be much more added and the game will feel more complete.Therefore, my review may change accordingly.So, this game is obviously similar to Minecraft. I am not going to go into detail on whether it's a clone or not (to me it doesn't feel like one) but it's fair to say that the basic gameplay will be familiar to Minecraft players.The graphics are pretty, not top notch, but beautiful in their own way and style. To me, the blockiness of Minecraft was unimmersive, so Rising World gives a nice visual alternative to people like myself.Sound is also well made. The music is nice and relaxing and the effects are fairly well done and don't detract  from the experience. Only point to make here would be to add a bit of variety here and there but this is in alpha so things like this are excused.Gameplay as mentioned in similar to Minecraft. The main difference is that the world is not blocky, so it may get a bit of getting used to mining ,for example, since it's a bit more realistic (you mine chunks off the rock, rather than square blocks, so you get a bit disorientated after a while). I would say the gameplay is reminiscent of Rust, especially when it comes to gathering resources (obviously excluding mining).That being said I found the gameplay enjoyable.As far as bugs are concerned, I did notice a few visual bugs that are excused for an EA game but nothing gamebraking, as some other people have experienced. So, in that regard kudos for the good state of the game. I didn't feel like I got cheated in any way.Generally, the game has a very nice ambience and I found myself being immersed into it, for the first few hours at least. I started mining downwards and quickly found a web of interlaced tunnels and caves waiting to be explored and precious ores to be mined. A couple of hours later and I pop out of the ground a few miles away from my base, finally seeing the light of day once more.All in all Rising World is a very nice game with great atmosphere sure to keep you company for a while. So, why the negative review? Simply put, the game as of now is very bare bones. If you like to do anything other than just build stuff there is simply zero interest after the first few hours.The game offers nothing in regards to exploration or adventure, something that becomes evident after a good underground venture into the dark, subterranean caves. The only thing that poses a danger are bears and personally I didn't even encounter one in my first few hours. Additionally, the world is lacking some sort of landmarks to orientate yourself (Rust had the road to follow and a few very specific buildings, so you had a rough idea of where you are). Therefore if you die you practically lose your progress. More to the point, the world feels a bit faceless, as it's just a randomly generated grassland with nothing of note.So, taking the above into account the game is currently not worth the money it is asking out of you and is recommended only to avid builders. That being said, it's obviously an EA title and , contrary to other EA games, it seems like the developer(s) is active and invovled in the forums and thus it feels like he could take this game somewhere eventually.If you like what you see and would like to support the developer, consequently helping him improve the game and add features faster, buy it. The price is not THAT steep anyway. If you are looking for something more fleshed out and ready to be explored you may want to wait for a few months. Personally, I don't regret spending the money, but I did so as an investment for the future."
76561197976813629,Recommended,324080,19968294,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,76561197976813629,"I can't play it since my resolution is not supported.. 1920x1080.  I am also afflicted by the broken mouse pointer position.  These two bugs make this game unplayable for me.  I know it's in Alpha, but how am I suppose to test drive it or support it if I can't even play it ?Edit:Well I have to admit that the devs take care of their product.  After I posted my review, one of the devs sent me a reply and gave me the solution to fix the issue.  Because of this I changed my thumbs down into a thumbs up.  I'll wait a bit for them to fix some of these issues before I venture in again, but if you'd like to try it and you don't mind bugs, then I recommend this game.  The devs are on top of it, and I'm sure the two bugs I've previously mentionned will soon be fixed."
76561198093948138,Recommended,324080,16187253,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ph0enixMind,1. Created dedicated server for myself and daughter to play on.2. Daughter and I  spawned in.3. Daughter attacked a goat....goat killed her.4. Daughter ran through grassy field and fell in a cave and broke her legs5. Daughter's hunger was growing...killed pig...made campfire with grill grate..burned bacon...daughter fell over from starvation as I was removing burned bacon from grill.Would watch daughter get killed by goat/break legs/and starve to death again.
76561198055598251,Recommended,324080,34445205,Posted: 23 August,all,Blue,"If you’re reading this review, you’re probably wondering what this game is about and whether or not it’s worth the price. You’ve also probably looked at the tags, and at the genre and the pictures and you’re at least mildly interested in what this game might be able to offer. I can answer the first question quickly enough. Yes. It’s very much worth the price. But what’s the game like? Let me tell you about it. Chances are that you may have heard of Minecraft. You’re likely to hear “Rising World is like minecraft, but better’. In some ways, this is correct. In many other ways, it’s like saying “A pear is like an apple, but better”. Yes, there are similarities, but the experience is very different. Without further ado:Looks:The graphics are beautiful, but serious. Don’t expect high saturation with splashes of many colors. They are, however, very detailed. Everything looks finely crafted and there’s a LOT of attention to detail. The voxels are not basic blocks, like in minecraft, which leads to natural-looking scenery and huge mountains and valleys and tunnels. All textures are HD, and best of all, there’s texture pack support. The game will be mod-friendly, so server texture packs will eventually be a thing and auto-downloaded. There are blocks too, in case you’re building something where the natural shapes of the ground and rocks won’t do. Speaking of blocks, there’s tons of textures and unlike Minecraft, you don’t have to get some kind of rare rock to start decorating your buildings. And all those block textures are of great quality. But coming back to the voxels… holes/tunnels do tend to be rounded out, which might make it seem almost unnatural. That said, there’s plenty of tools to smooth out the terrain if you feel so inclined.TL;DR: The textures are simple and sober, but of great quality. Variety is the key word here, too, and this game has plenty. Voxels make for great-looking natural terrains, but will make holes very round. There is, however, support for custom textures.Sound:The sounds are simple, but pleasant. The starting music will give you a great idea of what to expect. It’s beautiful and instrumental and strictly for ambience. The sound effects are nothing to write home about, but they’re perfectly acceptable and there’s nothing that really clashes with anything else. The trees do sound a tad hollow, but it’s not really distracting or anything.TL;DR: Music is beautiful. Sound effects are okay.Gameplay:First the blunt part: you’re going to find reviews that call this a “terrible”, “boring” game. They’ll even claim there’s “nothing to do”. You’ll also find reviews that will sing this game’s praises. That might make it confusing. So let me start by explaining something. At the time of my writing this review, the game is in version 0.8. That’s right. It’s not the first “release” version yet. It’s in alpha. It’s 100% playable, and very stable, but it’s not complete. It’s got the basic foundations (and they’re strong!), but there’s a lot that needs to get added. There are few biomes and animals and plants. Water looks gorgeous but isn’t dynamic yet. Temperature doesn’t yet affect the player. Yet, it’s untrue that there’s “nothing to do”. There’s plenty! Okay, so expecting a fast-paced, combat-heavy gameplay is not going to make you happy with what you’ll get. But that’s not all there is to a game, and this one has plenty more to offer. There’s already the basics of survival: hunger and thirst. You also fight hostile animals, like tigers and bears. Combat is simple and needs polishing, but the foundations are there and they’re solid. Animal attacks cause bleeding, which keeps causing damage unless stopped by a bandage. And even the terrain presents a challenge. Falling from too high will break your character’s leg, making you easy picking for hostiles, and also ensuring you’ll have a very hard time getting back anywhere. And there’s fog, which makes it easy to get lost without a map or a compass. And that’s just survival. If you’ve played Minecraft, you know that’s only half the game! The rest is building, and on that front, Rising World is second to none. From the variety of blocks, to the ability to place more than one block at a time, to the versatile creative mode tools and the powerful console commands, not to mention the in-depth positioning and resizing system for many construction elements, the sky’s the limit for what can be made with some skill and creativity. I must strongly suggest that you visit the community posts to see what some very talented people have made. But even if you believe you’re not very skilled, the quality textures and powerful tools will allow you to build some very nice things. If you like building, then this is definitely the game for you. You can even save your creations (or elements from them) as blueprints, to easily reuse them. Especially in creative mode, it doesn’t do the game justice to compare it to Minecraft for building. Another important feature that should be mentioned is the high level of configuration this game allows. You can enable/disable most mobs/structures one by one when creating a world, and the configuration file allows for an even greater control of the features and options you want. You don’t like tigers or bears? That’s okay! You can disable them! The developer is making the ability to customize your experience an important goal. And it shows.TL;DR: The game is incomplete, so don’t expect a high-paced, combat-heavy gameplay. The survival aspects of the game are not completed yet, and only present at a very basic level. However, the building foundation is impressive. If you like to build DEFINITELY get this game.Developer:This one is especially important given the fact that the game is still in Early Access. What if the developer isn’t good enough or loses interest? Rest assured, that’s not Rising World’s fate. The developer is involved in the community, and listens to feedback and suggestions and provides technical assistance. And you can tell that he loves what he does. Updates have so far been pretty consistent so far, and substantial. Sure, there’s a lot to be done, but the game is very ambitious. It’ll take a while, but it’s moving forward at a steady pace.Community:It's still small, but generally friendly. It has some incredibly talented people, too. The official forums also have plenty of friendly and talented people. All in all, it’s a pleasant one. Eventually, the game will have workshop support, and people will be able to share their blueprints. Having a talented community is a boon.Closing Thoughts:Rising World is “like Minecraft” in that it’s a voxel-based sandbox with survival gameplay. That’s where the similarity ends. Minecraft goes for a fast-paced minimalist approach and it works. Rising World goes for a more reality-simulating approach. You cook meat by putting it on a grill. You open a hatch on the side of a furnace to put in the fuel, and then you light it. This isn’t an approach that indicates that the game is optimized for fast-paced gameplay. Instead, it indicates that the game is going for the details and for a “realistic” experience. If you want a fast-paced, adrenaline-pumping gameplay that is combat-oriented, then look elsewhere. There’s games that are made for that. If you want an immersive, realistic(as far as can be done in a game) experience that is as survival-based as it is building-based, with strong combat elements… this will be your game. Maybe not now (unless you really like the building aspect). But it sure will be. And even now, it’s worth having just for the chance to experience and be part of the development process(strong, active developer that listens to the users). If you do buy it, enjoy! You’re getting a quality product right here. But if you buy it now, just make sure you understand what it means to be on Early Access and in an alpha version. If you do, then that’s great! Enjoy the ride. It’ll be worth it!"
,Not Recommended,324080,30308000,Posted: 3 March,all,BrightExistence,"Like so many Early Access titles emerging now days, Rising World is a title filled with vast possibity and potential -and little else at this point.The community seems to largely consist of people who get excited because after posting several times on a forum they've finally figured out how to do something fairly basic. The smelter for example requires finding a hatch that appears almost dileberately hidden, using one key to open the hatch and another to load it, clicking on the right spots to turn it on and off, and some degree of trial and error to load the materials into it that you wanted smelted in the first place. Finding a rare material as a reward for your dilligent exploration is fun, having to resort to youtube videos to learn how to turn on the smelter - not fun.I am a bit suspicious of all the positive reviews in fact, and wouldn't be surprised if this one gets rapidly down-voted just for not recommending the game. However this may prove to be a totally unfounded concern and only time will tell.In most repects it plays much like a Minecraft for grown-ups but with one important difference. Instead of everything being a block, everything in the world is realistic and lumpy. This is both an advantage and a disadvantage. It means that the world looks very much like a real world, instead of a world built of giant lego pieces. Literally everything in the world can be interacted with, harvested, destroyed, etc. And unlike similar titles the world is vast and fun to explore, and NOT filled with hostile monsters you're either running from or doing battle with.But while it's pretty to look at and fun to explore, the organic nature of the world makes it a serious pain to actually build upon or modify. It's difficult (to understate the matter) to create level ground. And even if you can the pieces with which you're building are nearly impossible to line up correctly.There is a built-in grid system that should help with this, but it actually makes matters worse. The grid option seemed to deliberately place each plank of wood slightly off of where it should so that it NEVER matches the plank next to it. Building floors works ok for some reason, but forget about building a wall that doesn't look like the construction guys were *very* heavily intoxicated.To make matters worse the spawn points never seem to be near water, and by the time you've trapsed half way across the map to find water you're going to be near starving. That's ok, just go kill one of those elk that look like such a tasty meal right? Well not so fast, because you'll find that there's no meat in the corpse, only a pelt.The in-game documentation and help is virtually non-existent and seldom helpful.Some things can easily be forgiven in an early access title, such as the finished wood textures that look bland to be generous, and often not like wood at all. But it's difficult to forgive a game which will quickly make you starve to death but won't let you get meat by killing game. Where you're beginning to lose health to dehydration by the time you've found a source of water. Or where building a shelter that isn't a primitive tent of branches seems about as intuitive as learning professional drafting software.Players who want an experience which seems at all realistic, or who want a fun rpg would be happier with any game in the Elder Scrolls series for example (although those games are not sandbox like this one.) I've never heard anyone accuse Skyrim of being too simplistic or easy, but it's without a doubt easier and more fun to learn.All in all it's a beautiful game to look at, but wait until it get's out of early access and is a bit more polished before you pay any money for it. I would have liked to spend more time trying to learn the game, but given how everything I tried was either unintuitive, broken, or both I had to make sure to request a refund before the window of time elapsed and I was stuck with it."
76561197970459072,Not Recommended,324080,24962310,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Christianholmes,"I feel like I'm being punked. There is no way all these positive reviews are playing the same game as me. In 5 hours I've crafted all of the important tools/workbenches available. There is literally nothing else to do. It cannot be overstated that this is a far, far simpler version of minecraft. The terrain is awful. Mountains that go straight up in every direction make every place feel the same and claustrophobic. Almost a complete lack of animals. My character got a broken leg, but there's no way to fix it that I can find. Falling off mountains is your biggest enemy. It is like Space Engineers without space. Oh, and there is nothing in the world. No NPCs, no structures... nothing. The only reason to explore is to find ore. That's it. Save the $12 and buy something else."
,Recommended,324080,14842764,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,kitten2021,"First and foremost I would like to point out that this game is in the very, very early stages of development - this review is based on Update 0.5.3.5 Alpha released February 21st, 2015. That being said,  I have a lot of good things to say about this game, I as well would like to point out some things that I hope help the development team along their way should they read this. I have clocked 5.6 hours - SO FAR - into the game by the way so I haven't experienced everything yet. Here is my review on what I have seen so far - warning, it is lengthy as I have comments for the Devs too.Rising world is a Survival game but in its current condition it is more of a Creative play - which that by the way has been promised to be added later on as a playable game, I look forward to this (so for those of you that do not want to worry about monsters chasing after you, right now, there are none - made me REAL happy to see for now).+ Graphics: They feel rustic, they allow players to use Modern Day graphics pre-built into the game itself to allow for a more modern-day game play and there are the fantasy graphics available to allow players who wish to go back to Ye ol merry times in ol' Camelot to have some fun as well. *The grass is beautiful*, the trees have a very nicely thought out animation when chopped down and the sounds they make are just incredible!- Graphics: As I said, they are rustic. I am expecting this to get slightly better as more funding becomes available. *The grass in this game - though beautiful as previously stated - will quickly get on your last nerve. Reason being: objects are hidden in the grass and you have no way to cut it until you establish yourself a base of operations basically. It is too tall, Devs, make it just slightly shorter and I think we would be good. If you can't even see the melons you are standing directly next to, we have a problem here (and I'm not going to talk about the apples disappearing issue).+ Lighting: It is fantastic, that's really understating it too! Torches are beautiful looking, lamps are smooth and light 'just' the right amount of area. These were all done very well - great job guys!-  Lighting: Though nice it has its drawbacks as well... Environmental drawbacks. At one point you could be standing next to a torch placed on the ground and turned to your right where two trees (or even that tall grass again) is at that and each tree will be affected by the torch differently (weird, not annoying, just weird). The grass could have some grass directly next to your campfire not lit up at all, but take some steps further into the grass and you will find orange light lighting up the grass a bit further back. I am certain this is just a calculation issue with the light mapping that will be cleared up at a later date, but it is still worth mentioning here for the Devs.+ Overall Mining: This is a beautifully done digging process, and the sounds along with this were incredible just as much as the trees or torches are. The graphical side to the digging is nicely done, as the pick hits the rock cracks a little more with each smack. The wholes created make sense as the player beats on the rocks, they are small and rough not smooth and round (or square) causing you to actually make bigger holes to get your large body through. The endless ravines under the ground are incredible - some paths lead to dead ends, others lead to very deep holes you do NOT want to fall down. Well done Devs!- Overall Mining: There are a few things to mention here for this. Though the mining is done nicely, it takes a while to break the rocks - but this is a fine balance between taking too long and way to quick, so it’s really just a preference to each person playing. The holes created are very nice, as mentioned above, but can also be very annoying if you do not hit the rock wall just right. I understand you were aiming for a not-so-perfect feeling, but something isn't right there as the ground will crack and form and then you have a sudden dip in your floor that you were not trying to make just because you broke down a large stalagmite in your way. You might want to look at the calculations for this or something... ORE! Ore was nowhere to be found. Now, I'm not sure if this is just because it is still in the process of being worked on or what, but some people could find ore some could find iron - I played 3 different tester worlds and found nothing but dirt and stone, and I dug. A LOT. The ratio here is WAY off... you might want to look into that Devs.+ Building: There is NOTHING negative to say here at all. Only positives. The Building is done extremely well! The options you are given are limitless it feels. I am seriously impressed with this... You can twist, turn, enlarging, shrink and even mass-place objects into the world - all while either free-handing the placement, or using a customizable grid to assist with snapping things together. Above all things needing to be worked on, THIS needs nothing done to it (except maybe allowing for smaller or large sizes on things - but I digress).*Oh! I do have one thing to point out Devs... The Glass Panes. They are annoying as all out to try and see in the world. I would love to suggest maybe some kind of outline on it or something to assist in viewing it, just makes seeing what size it is or where exactly you placing it a lot easier.- Animals: I really don't have a lot of positives here for the animals. They are almost all currently empty as they are still in development, minus the pigs and I believe it was the cow. They make for some good grilled meat meals I assure you! But the SPEED of the animals is ridiculous... I was at a flat out run while chasing a sheep and (I think) an antelope and they were out running me. Not nice when I cannot find any food and the only thing around me is livestock with food and I cannot catch it to survive. The pigs are relatively easy to kill, but forget the sheep at the moment.*Hint for you guys... I got up behind the animals and with my pick I dug a fairly deep hole under the animal to cause it to fall down into it then slaughtered them in there that way, only way I could finally catch the antelope.**Multiplayer: This really doesn't get a plus or minus to it as I really couldn't get involved with any servers that had people on them or was English (or at least not English enough to ask detailed questions). But I DID need to make sure and thank those that allowed me to use their servers to test the Multiplayer function out on:Thank you   Neue Welt PVE   and Thank You   Hessenstrolche eXz-Hosting Server!Anemon was extremely kind and very helpful in all ways that he/she could be, then Pinky on his/her server was extremely kind and answered what he/she could for me as well.BOTH individuals shared their massive worlds with me and allowed me to look around on them to see the many different ways this game permitted you to build. I was greatly impressed and HIGHLY encouraged to keep on building (many ideas were formed thanks to these two servers).Once more:   THANK YOU EVERYONE ON BOTH SERVERS!General Game overview:I LIKE IT! It is highly entertaining in such an early stage and is on the fast track to (sadly) beat Minecraft in entertainment. Yes, it is a little expensive at $15 for an Alpha-based game, but think of it this way... You are now involved in a game where you can voice your opinion on how the development of the game should/might turn out. YOU have the voice to help make changes in the game. It is fun, entertaining and once you figure out all the little tricks (you know, like the Light button and such) then you will find the game very hard to walk away from.Well done JIW Games, you are doing splendidly so far!"
76561198056665987,Not Recommended,324080,29466011,Posted: 24 January,all,[TFN] Lord_Sluggo,"You wake up and climb out of bed as dawn breaks over your castle. Its Romanesque because you aren't quite creative enough to build in the Gothic style, but you could if you wanted. You walk past the bathroom with Bauhaus-style shelving and go to the Ikea-inspired kitchen illuminated by a gigantic metal brazier. You feel like exploring the nearby cave, so you head out the door, pass the gigantic stone smelting furnace and meat smoker from Wal-Mart, and head into the caves. You've already set up fluorescent office lighting down the tunnel to the entrance of a creepy sandstone burial tomb. You enter it for the first time admiring the stonework, but it's somewhat dim, so you put away your trusty battleaxe and whip out your....Mag-Lite Mini.This is the most schizophrenic game I've ever played. It's advertised as a Minecraft-style adventure-building-miner, but really it's mostly just a building game that lacks any clear sense of stylistic unity. The survival element is minimal, with more than enough vegetables and small ponds to keep you alive without worry, and the mildly tempermental polar bears can be easily avoided. The caves are all the same; round tunnels ending in either a dead end or a path to another tunnel. There are no grand vaults or secret underground rivers; just the same tunnels. There are dungeons, which are beautifully crafted, and can be quite labrynthine, but if you've seen one, you've seen them all.The building system is capable of amazing things. Look at what people have built. Seriously, it's unreal and to call it impressive is an understatement. However, if Minecraft is virtual Legos, this is building a model ship without a kit. I believe very few people will have the combination of time, patience, skill, and creativity to make the most of the advanced construction methods.What this game lacks is a sense of direction. It doesn't know if it wants to be medieval or modern, although most of the content now appears to be modern. It doesn't know if it wants to be Minecraft for Adults, or an architecture simulator, but it seems like this game needs to completely eliminate the survival aspect and rebrand itself as a building game.Minecraft is over seven years old now, and the genre it spawned is petering out. Rising World came late to the party, and to excuse the lack of content due to it's Early Access status, despite two years of development, is dishonest. This game is like a sixth-year Senior; sure, you can claim you're 'working towards your degree', but we all know you're just hanging around to pick up freshmen girls, and you're starting to be creepy."
,Recommended,324080,28460642,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SneakyPug,"Its okay. But it gets boring quick, this weekend i played a ton of it and im already bored. The game needs to give you a reason to explore, like bases or something you could find. Also theres really no challenge besides the ocasional bear youll run into. Although i feel like the dev really cared about this game and put alot of work into it and hopefully it will get better in the near future. I still would get it on a sale or something."
76561197986365521,Recommended,324080,20778111,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Diarrhea Cactus,"3-19-2016 Re-ReviewMy initial review still holds my opinion.  More features have been implemented and the game is as fantastic as ever!26 Jan 2016 Early Access ReviewI was bored last weekend and figured I'd give an EA game another shot.  After clocking ten hours in three or so days, I must say I am impressed with the amount of content so far.  Think minecraft alpha after the redstone update.  There is no electricity yet so that might have been a bad analogy but still, the content is enough for the time being.Plenty of different blocks and you can turn them into different shapes to meet your building needs.  No, I'm not talking stairs, pyramids and squares, I'm talking rounded corners and a myriad of other different curved shapes.  This can let you build that tower you always wanted but got hosed by minecrafts limitations.  I shouldn't really compare this to minecraft, it's just in the same genre not the same game.  Yes you mine, you build, and you eat to survive but that is where the similarities end.  You build tables with different variants and colors depending on what you want.  You cna go medieval or you can go modern or a mix of both.  Plenty of different blocks like marble, stone, cobblestone, sandstone, loam, metal, wood, the list goes on.Biomes were introduced last month based on the update news.  So far I've seen the temperate, tundra, and safari.  I took an axe to an elephant and got wrecked.  Bears...well get a weapon to say the least.  Mountains and ditches as well as caves and ravines are plentiful.  Penguins, moose, chicken, sheep, bear, cows, pigs, giraffe, and elephants galore.  I managed to dig down far enough after a few days of playing to get to hell.  The only place that a liquid exists.  Word of advice, don't fall in, it's easy to do.Outside of those features there are a crap ton of ores.  Copper, iron, silver, gold, tungsten, mithril, cobalt, and aluminum.   Some of these don't have any apparent use yet but they are working on that.  Water is presumeably the next update as well.  This should make getting something to drink in the game easier as right now you eat apples or watermelon to get rehydrated.The music is very ambient and sporadic.  Everything seems to flow and I haven't glitched to my death yet.  You can rotate things you are about to place as well as even out the land whether it be dirt or solid rock.  Nothing like a sledgehammer to make that wall flat!  I started a tomato farm but haven't really went beyond that.For a game that has been out for as long as it has, I was expecting more.  However, there is still plenty to do and build.  I'm not sure how many more world wipes will  be necessary but it isn't a big deal as I enjoy building in this game.Multiplayer works well.  You can host straight off of your computer to jump right in or you can host a dedicated server.  This can be either on a separate box or it can be one that you pay for in the event you are not network savvy ro simply don't have the capability to host a server for whatever reason.  At the current time I give this game a thumbs up.  Time will tell but I think with the constant support and active development team, this could turn into a masterpiece.  Just keep in mind this is still an alpha build."
,Recommended,324080,15592771,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TheExplosive18,"I got into the game, accidently dropped my axe, tried to pick it up and ended up breaking it in half with my pickaxe instead. 8 hours into the game and I fully have down the mechanics of the game now. Just built my first house.I have to say, even in early access, the amount of detail and customization is what makes the game shine. This game isn't just another minecraft, it's a growing evolution from Minecraft. You have furniture items, different shapes (not just cubes), scaling, a sense of realism, and more to come such as cars, trains, and electrical wiring.I highly recommend the game, even in alpha. It is worth noting that at the moment there is no water or ores. Items that require iron are free, and since your person needs water, watermelon is the current substitute for hydration."
76561198088104546,Recommended,324080,14567134,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,RoadHog,"Mind you now, I've only got 142 hours into this alpha game.It's the best bug free alpha game I have in my library and I have quite a few.It has great crafting that'll keep any crafting player happy.It is a survival game so you do have to eat and drink and hunt for food.  This is not complete yet.  More animals and food is still yet to be added, including gardening.  I really like the fact that you actually have time to do other things besides eat and drink.At present ,  in solo mode there are no dangers except falling.  In multiplayer there is pvp or pve.I was able to connect on a multiplayer server.  I met some players who were newer than myself so I had fun teaching them the basics of the program.  We had a good time.This game is going to be awesome."
76561198022815390,Recommended,324080,25745147,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,FiveSixtyEight,"What Rising World lacks is threat.  Danger.  Many games have attempted to emulate Minecraft survival-style gameplay, coupled with smooth voxel terrain, most have failed eventually.  Rising World is agonising because it ticks all the right boxes for pretty much everything except a sense of danger, or any real goal to the game.  Once you've crafted everything and built a great house there isn't much left to do.The survival aspect is there (needing to eat and drink/heal wounds) but it is so easy that it becomes an annoying distraction, rather than a desperate need to be fulfilled.  You are literally falling over food everywhere you go.  Bears will kill you given the chance but they are too easy to evade.  In fact the biggest danger comes from blindly running and falling into a deep cave system.  But it wasn't really the mobs in Minecraft that gave that game a purpose, it was diamond.  Mobs were just a necessary component to make GETTING diamond so tricky.  It's not even as though diamond tools were totally amazing, it was the challenge of getting the resources.Rising World is on the very brink of greatness, if the devs just add these missing vital ingrediants to its formula.  It needs mobs, even if they aren't spectacular or with great AI it NEEDS them.  Then it needs a super-rare resource to go hunting for which can be used to craft tools that have interesting effects on the gameplay dynamic itself.  Lastly I feel the game needs a sense of identity because there is no setting, no time or place given, it's just 'Generic world' basically.  It's very frustrating that with some relatively minor tweaks to the survival aspect and adding these other things would make such a massive difference.One thing i know about survival games is that you need a challenge.  The harder it is to survive, the more exciting and compelling it will be and this game lacks that.  But should you buy it?  I'd say yes, if you want to back a game which is closest to achieving a great gaming experience."
76561198060760857,Recommended,324080,13222347,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,A mossy rock,"Over the last few years i've come to avoid early access games as majority of them never reach a finished product let alone match the promises they make. However whilst browsing steam today Rising World caught my eye, so i thought why not take a chance and give one a go? I'm so glad i did! This game is one of most stable alpha build games i've ever played and it is a lot of fun even in this early stage. For a Voxel game it looks really impressive, especially on the higher graphical settings (the screenshots don't do it justice) and the sound assets are great. Plus it is just so much fun tunneling through mountains and building bases with such a large array of options. Also i freakin love the ability to put your own images in the game as posters/paintings. So do i recommend this game? Absolutely!Now one last message for the Devs in the event that they read this.You are sitting on a gold mine so if you want to be rich do not stop until this game meets it's potential! Add hostile enemies for the nights and add a crafting progression system for gear and materials. Add more and more building options. This game can be the next minecraft if you let it! Good luck!"
,Recommended,324080,13442026,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,✪ Stazza,"Rating - 5.5/10This game is actually really graphically pleasing for Alpha, I really see the potential this game has. Honestly it is Minecraft next gen. Obviously being Alpha there are a lot of things that need to be tweaked, added, removed and contemplated over but in the state this game is currently in it's more of a time waster than anything.The current features include:* Digging* Cutting down trees* Very limited crating* And placing some items, including bricks for basic structure.In the long run for this game to really draw people in and become ""The New Thing"" it will need better animation when it comes to player models, animals etc.-Much more content added. There are animals roaming around that you beat to death then can't actually loot anything off of them.-The UI at this point in time is sloppy, as well as the sensitivity of the mouse... I had to turn mine up to max in order to get a normal gameplay experience and not having to drag my mouse to the other edge of the mouse pad to look an inch to the left. And it seems to get worse when you are trying to move items around in your inventory.-The map needs some tweaking for more accurate digging etc, I know voxels have a mind of their own but this really needs to be refined otherwise you dig somewhere and it creates a huge hole and some places are smoothed etc.-Recourse collection system and crafting will have to be tweaked a lot. At the moment it takes about 30 seconds to a minute to cut a tree down, then another 30 seconds to a minute to remove the stump and cut the tree up only to be left with 5 - 10 logs which = 4 blocks to place. I can understand where they want some realism there but even if you were given 8 blocks it would be a better system.-At the moment you cannot pick up any crafting tables you place. These cost 16 planks I believe to make, that 4 logs. so roughly 2 minutes to create a crafting table only to have it stay in the once place. If you try to 'break' it to pick it up it simply gets rid of it and you have to create another.*NOTE*I understand this game is Alpha, more Pre-Alpha than anything as it really is just the basics, more like the start of a survival sim/adventure/open world game. I am giving this a thumbs up BUT I would suggest you wait till it comes on special to purchase as there isn't enough content to justify the $15 price tag at this point in time, $5 - $10 would be much better.Being Alpha I also understand there is going to be a lot of tweaking done and all of the issues or... opinions I brought up could be fixed, added, and/or removed within a week. It’s simply a guide/ feedback for everybody including the developers.I will be sure to update/ change my review as updates come out or I discover anything worth talking about!Thanks for reading"
76561197973954932,Recommended,324080,31938631,Posted: 24 May,all,ArcticKitsu,"I love this game. I wouldn't be playing this game, nor wasting my time with it if it was either 'garbage', or 'boring'. I'm a busy guy, I don't have time for crappy games. I'm loving what Red51 is doing with the game, and I'm loving where it's going.  I've been with this game for about a few years now, or so my forum history seems to show. I'm seeing this game steadily grow, as I have with Minecraft, into something more solid.The whole concept of being able to survive in a gritty manner is something that's appealing to me. I love how you can eat food, drink water, grow your farm near realistically. Creating a shelter from what's supposed to be medieval era to a make-shift modern era (Medieval era to Modern era tech-tree progression is planned) that I can't wait for a more gritty side of it to be implemented. Living in a medieval era to then tech up into Modern era, thus the randomness of it all.What makes this game also interesting is how you can stumble across abandoned shacks, pyramids, underground dungeons, and underwater ruins. More is planned, as well as the various variety, yet it makes the world feel more 'lively', in a way. it still needs various NPC life, yet this helps in making Rising World more 'immersive' and 'explorable. You find goods at those places. Still needs NPC villages, more dungeon room types, and etc. More is planned, and more shall be added at a later date. All those clever traps in the dungeons, and even the neat way they're laid out as. Even trophies for you to bring back.The way you craft stuff is detailed, even if placeholders. Paper press, loom, stone grinder, tanning rack, and etc are nicely detailed This is what I love about this game, how interactive the crafting stations are. Can't wait to see more interactive crafting stations.  Using a knife on a tanner to skin hide, pushing the grinder to crush rocks, using the loom as you would nearly in real life to spin cotton into threads, and etc. Everything is being aimed in being 'realistic'. You even have manhole covers to hide underground mining operations, or to simply have a sewer. You can open up a manhole cover to find whatever is below, something that may be an answer to Minecraft's trapdoor object. I loved it when I used it that it hides things nicely.People compare this game to Minecraft, and I can see why. This is only at a glance though. Once you've spend enough hours in the game you'll see that it's more Skyrim than Minecraft. WIth what's planned it's more 'Skyrim', yet with  Minecraft themed building system. It's supposed to be the opposite. You can build with planks, beams, and log beams that you can make something more unique than a block building. You can build however you desire, yet shall be more gritty when the game implements the actual resources for the various marble and etc. You'll have to make concrete and etc eventually. Even find marble in various places. There's still a whole chunk of the game missing that shall complicate survival style buildings.You can even use posters to hang up your recent trip travels in game. You can share normal, anime, cartoons, and game related trophy images on the wall of your home, or in an art gallery. Posters is something I enjoy about this game because I can personalize my home to be more of what I am, something I struggle to do at my home. I love this game for having posters.Red51 shows that he cares that we also have cotton & hemp to turn into rags. Paper for map making and posters. The recent map update encouraging us to make maps to then go exploring as we OCD our way into filling in each void. Careful! Game is still young so stay within 10,000x10,000, or risk world instability issues (something I have to experiment with). Can't wait for Red51 to add in more biomes, such as rivers, actual oceans, jungles, swamps, and a bigger stable map size. It's infinite, yet stability needs to be expanded to roughly 40,000, or more.Things like environmental diseases, clothing system, and staying hot in cool places & vice versa is planned.  You'll be able to get sick from your environment if you're not careful enough. Bandits, pirates, and raiders shall be a threat also. Some things to look forward to in the next few updates.---------Flaws of the Game:-Short viewing distance: Even at far. Can't wait to see more terrain loaded at once using various rendering techniques. Billboarding, or whichever. Stranded Deep & 7 Days to Die style.-Water Placement:Drives me mad I can't fill in water naturally that I can't fill in an empty spot all too easily. I wish it would react somehow to filling in simple voids and holes to make life easier. Snapping to one another, and etc. I'm not desiring dynamic, just something more....'user friendly'. I wanted to make a canal, yet was unable to in survival. Need a more 'fluid' water which somewhat adapts to the world, Minecraft style. Nothing dynamic, just friendlier.-Animals AI:It frustrates me to no end that bears, tigers, leopards, and such need to be half-passive. They should only attack you when they're hungry, or a rare trigger rate to be attacked. Bears should only attack when they're hungry, or startled. Similar to others. They constantly attack, and attack that it ruins everything.-Market Stalls:They need to be able to hold goods within them. To be active like a chest, have the function of a 'trade' (automated), as well as displaying what's in it.-Bookshelves/Shelving:it's frustrating how you can't display goods on the bookshelves & shelving units. Those big shelves that just stand there empty, refusing to have goods displayed on them. Borrow from Medieval Engineers to display goods.--------------What I feel the game needs:-NPCS (Companions & Wanderers):It needs them not in general, or in an Admin RPG styled function, but also as lost campers, recruitables, as well as those that fight by your side naturally without being paid or forced to. The game needs them in general, as well as in a 'friendship' capacity. Stonehearth, Rimworld,  Skyrim, and similar styles. DragonQuest Builder style also.-Horses & Camels:This is coming in the update following the player model & updates, yet they're severely needed. With the map update you need to haul goods at a further distance that people resort to teleporting, something I dislike heavily. Carts and wagons shall follow later when Red51 can make them  behave more smoothly. Horses & camels are severly needed though for quicker travel speeds and to haul more goods at once.-Boats:With the ocean & lake update I hoped we wold have had boats, yet it's somethign that's coming after the next coming update. Oceans need to be more naturally expanded, as well as eventually having 'dolphin submarines' (Google them), as well as scuba gear and such. You need to get at the ruins underwater somehow. Sometimes it gets too deep.-Cooking Corn & potatoes:I wish you could turn potatoes into hot potatoes (half cut with butter & pepper on them), as well as having boiled corn cobs in this game. Something simple, yet it'll come with the cooking update. Even BBQ corn on a fireplace/firepit, and popcorn.-Displaying Objects Openly:Wishing there was a way to display food & other sorts of object freely in the world. They need to be free. Market Stalls needs to be functionable, as well as having a tool rack to display your tools. Something more open. Even a place to hang your knife on the wall, among other things.---------------Basically, there's way too much to note that I'm better off writing a novel. I love this game, yet there's still a massive portion needing to be added into the game. I'm sure I""m missing some things, yet I also had to summarize a few points. The rest can be mentioned in the comment sections, if you desire to go that far.(Note: I shall update this review accordingly to almost each & every major update.)"
76561198101782118,Recommended,324080,19889869,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ghostrobot,"'Rising World' could be described as a 'grown up' version of Minecraft, where the terrain is slightly more realistic instead of everything just being blocks. It's nice to have a similar gaming experience in a realistic environment however, despite the increased realism Minecraft still wins out on a couple of fronts.1. MC feels more like a survival game (I always preferred the challenge of dodging MOBs, it made the game feel more 'real'.)2. You can start building more quickly in MC, building huge projects in RW is definitely a massive undertaking.Overall though, RW is an enjoyable sandbox experience until it starts to feel a bit too much like hard work (probably not for the hardcore sandbox builders though).One thing I loved about the game was - ironically - a glitch. Once in a while the game would freeze and a few seconds later it would unfreeze and I'd either be underground or in the air and could see through the ground. I managed to look down upon a long winding tunnel that I had spent an hour or so digging and it was cool to see the 'big picture' of my efforts. Any chance of making this an actual feature in the game?Whilst playing, I imagined a game similar to this, but with aspects of a city building/ RTS game built in, whereby if you managed to construct an appealing mine/ village/ building with a road attached, that miners/villagers/ workers would gradually start to move in to your creation, moving around freely and interacting with you and the environment. I'd love to see a game something like that in the future, basically a first person city/ town construction game working literally from the ground up. If anyone knows of a game like that please let me know!In short. Would reccomend to those who love sandbox building and don't mind hours of tedious mining, smelting, crafting and construction. If you already LOVE everything about Minecraft, chances are you'll enjoy this game for a while but revert back to MC before too long."
76561198007980217,Not Recommended,324080,13881365,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,richcon.888,"And so here we are with yet another ""alpha"" sandbox game. This one looks pretty much on par with the rest but its really not a game yet. Whether it will be remains to be seen but in my  experience these games never get more than a few tweaks and a couple of additions before going silent.Rising World is nothing exrordinary. It has a lot of animals which is great but  other than running up and twatting them (which is bumpy to say the least) theres nothing you can do with them. This game promises to be crafting rich but really all I can see mostly vanity items so im unsure how much will be added with any praticallity that would make you want to grind mats for them.On that note the material load is poor , wood and stone  are all  there is, and for 20 minutes you will have fun making the items and the building system being smart actually makes it fairly quick to bulld a house, unlike TUG materials are bountiful and go a long way and your tools currently from what I can see are indestructable.  This seems like a good idea but actually leaves little to do. Once you have build a shack and crafted a few useless items you'll notice your food gauge hasnt dropped at all ...and that one pumpkin you've found in 12 miles of walking is actually not even useable.That's right food is not actually in the game yet!  so no need to look for it or think about it at all, I raked out 2 large squares for farms and was very dissapointed to know that farming  is not there either yet , this is survival and in my oppinion no game in this genre should be adding any features until food is ready or even launch a game in Alpha state for that matter. The scenery is bland , very nice graphics but then 3 trees types some grassland and samey mountain ranges couldnt have been too difficult to nail, At least TUG keeps it eye pleasing allbeit a bit ecclectic and keeps you grinding to have a supply of tools and materials.Some things look nice and if they keep to their promise of features and an 'Adventure mode' then this could be a good game , but I have that same feeling I have when buying one of these games and that is that I've paid for a concept that will never truly improve to a point where you can really enjoy the game.The biggest thing that pisses me off in this game is I've randomly fell through the floor several times and when this happens you're essentially ♥♥♥♥ed, the game doesnt return you to you tent so finding home is an impossible task once you die, This is a stupid oversight which makes me not even want to play, whats the point of spending 2 hours making a home to have that happen"
76561198027194329,Recommended,324080,15708053,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Ryan,"11/10 for an Alpha game10/10 for the Building part3/10 for the Survival part (too easy, but there are plans for improvement on it)5/10 for the Gathering system (takes too long to gather wood, and some things are near impossible to see in tall grass)Worth $15? Absolutely! It should honestly be higher than what it is. Price is only going to go up with future patches, which won't be long judging by the speed of content released so far.Amazing building game with immense potential and a great crafting system. The system is too vast to list here, so I would suggest checking out some gameplay videos on youtube to get a glimpse of it. Basically it's like minecraft on steroids, without the tiny balls. The graphics are great too, except for players though.. they look disturbing.Currently (time of writing this review) it's basically only a building game with very minimal survival aspects: food/thirst, aggressive bears, and some animals that fight back, all of which are easy to overcome. The friendly animals are cows, pigs, sheep, foxes, and rabbits. Neutral animals that will defend themselves are goats and moose. The only hostile creatures are bears that will attack you on sight, but are easily defeated once you learn how to manipulate their bad movement system. There is also no water yet, so my suggestion is to play this on single player creative mode because servers/worlds will likely be useless once water and other updates are released. Also because it takes less time to gather and being able to fly allows for easier building (which is what this game currently is).There are some glitches and bugs, but I am going to type this next part in caps for a reason...UNLIKE MOST ALPHA GAMES, THIS IS UPDATED/PATCHED REGULARLY AND THE DEVS LISTEN TO FEEDBACK!Some games have made thousands, even millions of $ and never come out of alpha... literally never. Other games act like they're running a political campaign and promise things that sound great, then deliver nothing but more words. This definitely isn't one of those, and that alone is why it's worth buying now."
76561198076530275,Recommended,324080,22788689,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ares Aries,"I'm going to go in-depth a little here, because I've absolutely gotten far more than my money's worth out of this game.Pros: Casual, easygoing sandbox game, like Minecraft but loads prettier.  Runs fairly well even on an old system.  Lots of block options, a good balance of grind and payoff, a very nice atmosphere in general.  An open-world multiplayer sandbox without zombies (I'm sick of zombies).  Creative mode for us architect-y types with a drag-fill option for blocks and free crafting.  Easy-to-use terrain tool in creative mode, it's fun and easy just to manipulate the terrain and build entire mountains, or dig huge caverns with just a few clicks.  Uses photo-realism textures, but manages to utilize them without them feeling janky or disjointed or immersion-breaking.  Dev team is responsive and seems to have a handle on all the bugs present and manages to either fix or create a workaround in a relatively quick fashion (7 Days to Die could learn a few things).  Reasonable cost.Cons: Still early access, so who knows, but development has been relatively slow (I hesitate to put this in here, as I don't count it against the game, but it's worth stating to anyone expecting the Early Access title to imply it'll update rapidly).  The menu could use some help in polish and visuals, and there are still some features that are missing, leaving placeholders here and there.  No character customization yet; everyone is a bald monk in a gray tunic, and pronouns default male on server notifications.  Water is not in the game yet (but is in works, as shown by recent dev snapshots).I do love this game, a heck of a lot.  It's still in the works, and has been for quite a while, but even in its current state there are hours and hours to be gotten out of it.  It's most apt as a building game, has a great balance between the modern and the archaic, and satisfies a wish I've had for a very long time for something like Minecraft, but more immersive and realistic.  It's not going to satisfy the gamers that want the survival mechanic to last them forever in their run of the game, but there is enough here to at least serve as escapism to those of us that are sad that the world's borders are already drawn and its wildernesses all behind fences."
76561198011608992,Recommended,324080,14022075,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sotavdod,"So far as its still early in the making of the game, the graphics are nicely done along with the dynamics of everything.What i mean by the dynamics is when chopping a tree it falls towards a direction (usually the direction your chopping), and if its on a hill it rolls down the hill like a real tree would, along with that you have to chop the tree up to get your logs. Along with the dynamics is the mining tool which will dig out a certain area of dirt or stone depening on which you are mining and just the detail alone is nice, but you can not really make just a straight line which is more real to life. There are actual roots on the trees which i thought was a nice touch and the stump counts as one log as well. Depending on how tall the tree is will determine how many times you need chop at it with the Axe.Graphic wise you have lush tall grass flowing in the wind along with swaying trees, the bark looks like bark, the dirt looks like dirt, rock looks like rock , there a few animals, Cow/Pig/Goat all lovely done. The trees themselves when they fall keep there dynamic shape and look really cool when rolling down a hill. The lighting is nicely done as well, looks as though they used a spectrum on them, like if your in tunnel and a torch is around a bend it will not shine light down the tunnel as the light itself is blocked by the corner or stone in the way.Would say they are off to a great start and I am sure if they keep it up will add alot more to the game to make it more compatible to everyones taste, I personally hope they add fishing so I can feed the bears they have not yet implamented (maybe).Would say if you like minecraft this is defently your upgrade. minus all the sniper skellies and bonzi creepers."
76561198187794330,Recommended,324080,21520334,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Arekasadara,"Rising World is an early-access game with a largely architecture-centric theme. One can choose a survival or creative oriented approach to the game. Whichever you choose, you can build a base, hunt for food, and explore a vast, procedurally-generated world populated by different animals, plants, and biomes.Singleplayer and multiplayer options exist, where you can play with friends on servers or by LAN connection.Access to creative mode can shorten building time if you are mostly interested in building things. Creative mode is entirely available in singleplayer mode. However, it may be limited or deactivated on some multiplayer servers.In survival, you experience the added challenge of getting adequate nutrition and fending off hostile animals. Craft the necessary tools and design a farm for easy gathering. If the nomad life seems the more suitable one, craft a weapon and go hunting.The amount of wildlife available, while diverse, is admittedly limited. A handful of predators exist to make life a little difficult, but they are relatively easy to dispatch with a heavy weapon at hand. Some animals only attack if provoked, so be careful blindly swinging weapons and tools. Only a few animals currently drop items when killed, but this will likely change in pending updates.Crafting and building are the predominant theme of the game. Raw resources are essential to the building process, so expect to spend a fair bit of harvesting stone, ores, and timber prior to building (unless you use creative mode or dynamite).Realistic graphics are a lucrative feature of the game. Many of the craftable items have particular textures and designs. One could feasibly spend most of the time just building since there are essentially no limits to what one can design, especially in light of the API update. I anticipate the update will expand the game's abilities greatly.PVP servers exist, but they are relatively barren. That aside, the weapons available are effective and fun to use. You could just dynamite your foes, but it takes the fun out of actual combat. Most of the weapons are medieval pieces and offer a flair of knight-like combat. The morningstar is the most powerful weapon available and the most bad*ss. Unfortunately, not many weapons exist, and combat is limited to close range melee fights. This will change in the future, but, for now, there are only so many ways of scewering your adversaries.All in all, Rising World is an addictive game. It has a polished and irresistible appearance uncharacteristic of most early access games. Most of the downsides are rather minute in scale and are usually addressed speedily by an otherwise small development team. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys this genre."
,Recommended,324080,21937620,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TwistedDude,"Very nice game. It's Realistic and very nice graphics, Building is a blast. However if you buy this game i hope you dont mind playing alone because when i checked how many players were online i counted 25. thats a big downer for me8/10 Very nice game but the player community has taken a disappointing drop."
76561198018739149,Recommended,324080,24482870,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mandrake,"I am not much of a reviewer, but this game really deserves a big thumbs up for the devs. They've done a great job with this, and have not slacked off on development. Every so often there are cool updates that make a difference and this world is just astonishing.I thought this was going to be a 'prettier minecraft'. Wow was I wrong. This is such an incredible environment. The big brain-freeze, is that this thing is in it's infancy! I can't imagine how it is going to look and play in another year? 2 years? Holy crap.My wife and I just play together for hours on end. Expanding our first world, making new ones and exploring, and we spend a lot of time just plopping down a campfire, a shelter, some garden furniture, and 'making camp' as night falls and just watching.Yep - this is a game that absolutely compells you to take time and just watch the unbelievable sunsets, sit in the glow of the fire, listen to the crickets, and watch the stars. Utterly amazing for such an early release.If this is your kind of game, then you will be in heaven. I have a feeling this is going to be much more than anyone expected. Just with the open scripting and model nature I have already seen astounding worlds on multiplayer servers. This is going to turn into quite the unfolding saga - Oh yeah, I highly recommend this if you couldn't tell. :)"
76561197970540987,Recommended,324080,18976936,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,MajorDICK,"I was on the fence with purchasing this game for a few different reasons, but I am glad I finally did.I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of content so far with it being early access (EA), and the graphics are better than I had anticipated.....graphics aren't what make a game great, but it is a always a bonus.  The game has good content and great potential so far, and I am looking forward to future patches/updates.For some strange reason I find the game to be quite relaxing (SP so far anyway).....I don't know if it is the music, the lack of enemies, or both, but I enjoy the exploration and crafting aspects of the game, and it will be even better with the addition of biomes to mix up the exploration more.  You do have to be a bit aware and careful of running into bears, as that is when the relaxation of the game is temporarily taken over by some intensity.   ;-)Once you get somewhat establish, you can make your first crafting station, and then as you gather more resources (wood, ore, etc.) via exploring, you're then able to craft higher tiered workstations that open up more items to craft.  The amount of different things you can craft is pretty amazing so far, especially for an EA game, and it gives you a really good sense of how you can run wild with your imagination crafting things.  With the plethora of items you can currently craft, I’d like to find a server where people are cooperatively building towns and cities.  So much potential……If you like exploring, crafting, building, farming, etc., then this game is for you.I hope my review helps you make a decision without any regrets.   :-)"
76561197991688642,Not Recommended,324080,22931688,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ReBow,"As of may 2016, this game is still too undeveloped to amount to any actaul gameplay. Unless you have a very imaginative mind that is. All you can do it chop wood, dig caves and craft some every basic buildings.If you came here looking for another Minecraft reinvented, keep waiting atleast another year. If it ever happens.Bright side tho, it looks very promesing for an early alpha game."
,Recommended,324080,28924177,Posted: 1 January,all,Chomers - Mercy Main BTW,"As far as a open world sandbox survial it has potential, and its pretty good for Early Access.Still a bit lacking in the ""things to do"" department. The recently added dungeons help, and looking forward to addition of enemies.If you like Minecraft or games of that sorts, you could give this a try, you might like it."
,Recommended,324080,20358507,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,seldom,"This game is great. It's got a long way to go, but it's great. Being built from the ground up, everything fits well and runs smoothly. It's got a little something for everyone. You can rough it out in an medievil castle or build a modern home.Farm your own food, plant crops and hunt animals. Animals.. The animals on this game are pretty damn cool. I started playing without realising how many animals there actually are. One afternoon I ran east for about 5km.. And i found myself in the african wilderness with Elephants, Rhynos and Giraffes... I was amazed.Graphic detail is pretty good aswell. I was looking straight down at the dirt and I felt like i was looking at a picture of real life dirt..But... My favourite thing about this game is the music.. It compliments the game and the atmosphere so well..Being early alpha there are sure to be some little things that might fustrate you, but its a pretty smal list of REAL cons..Worth a play!"
,Recommended,324080,19351668,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Crazy Zonie,"***WARNING: RISING WORLD IS AN EARLY ACCESS GAME***This is an Early Access game. If playing bug hunt isn't your idea of fun, or you don't like unfinished titles, please move on and revisit Rising World after it is completed. Otherwise, stick around for the notes.=========================================TL:DR Edition:As of 0.6.2 Alpha, game is pretty stable. Decent amount of in-game objects to work with, so crafting is good. Mobs consist of passive animals with rudimentary AI. Definitely worth checking out if sandbox builders are your bag. Check back later if you’re a fighter or explorer type.=========================================First off, if anyone has ever played Blockscape, this is what that game could have been. (HEAR THAT JENS!)This review is of the 0.6.2 ALPHA version of the game. I will probably revisit it at a later point in the game's development. So let's see what it does and how well it does it:Sandbox Building- It appears that this is the set of game mechanics that the devs focused on initially. I have to say it's pretty solid for an alpha state. The object library has an extensive list of blocks and objects to pull from. The combination of snap-to-grid and free floating positioning is great. If you know Minecraft, you can quickly get in and start building things. The interface and controls can be pretty awkward to use at time.Tutorial- At this point, I think it's a stub for things to come. The tutorial is a few pages in the Journal, and doesn't really explain much other than basic survival. Use the guides in Steam to learn how to play the game.Mobs- Still a stub. Only mobs are animals. AI is very basic and doesn't do anything unless you attack them. Bears will still mess you up. (Maybe OP)Graphics- Graphics are great. Textures are awesome. World generation makes interesting landscapes that can be deadly if you're running. From a distance, trees can look like paper cut outs at times. Biomes are coming (maybe this month). No water yet, either.Survival- Three basic weapons and no armor yet. Can sleep to skip night cycle, and bed option is available almost immediately. Can grow and eat a variety of foods, but can only cook bacon and steak. No night time dangers yet, other than running into a bear or a pit. No weather or temps to deal with, either. Many stubs here to flesh out.Dev Support- Devs are very active in the forums. Website as a list of objectives they want to include in the game, but could do a lot more in the way of project management. The website doesn't list what the planned order for features and what bugs they're working on. (Not a fan of Trello's site for use in game development, but it does this basic task well.)Online Play- Game has it, but I didn't try it out.My recommendationsIf you are a builder:Get this game. The building system is miles beyond what Minecraft can do, and it just looks more awesome.If you are not a builder:Put this on your wish list and wait for a few updates to pass. Exploration is neat for about an hour or two, and then it gets boring. No pregenerated structures outside of landscapes and caves. Biomes update will help to fix this, but will need a lot more to keep it interesting for explorers. PvP and PvE people may also wish to wait for more objects (including armor), AI updates, Mobs, etc. But bears will still mess you up."
,Recommended,324080,16041731,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SilverSatin,"This review has been updated 3 times the bottom review is the most recenti leave more previous reviews here as a diary of my experience.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Original review ------------So After I bought the game I skipped singleplayer and went straight into multiplayer  ( a no PVP server in survival mode )as soon as I loaded in,   i was AMAZED!The graphics are better than what I had expected from looking at screenshots.I mean when you look at the world go through a full and day-night cycle you'd see how beautiful sunrise and sunsets are, it's absolutely beautiful.   ( think minecraft + shaders mod but less cartoon colorful and no blur =good)The loading process going into multiplayer was quick and smoothand the controls to move around are very solid very responsive (good)the interface of how to craft stuff is nice and clean. I also didnt skip the notice to press J to open my journal.   It contains nice detailed instructions on how to get started and its pretty straight forward if you're used to build games.For total newbies theres even a ""First steps"" guide to help getting started nso its not like theres a big learning curve up ahead to stop you from enjoying the game. (good)Also the mechanics of gathering resources are very nice except  when killing animals with a weapon (knife or sword )   that's when you get reminded that this is an Alpha game   a.k.a  work-in-progress game.There's no real battle/combat mechanic yet,  just a red dot showing when you hit an animal or another player with your weapon.badBut so far I'm absolutely loving this game, played 38 hours before I wrote this review and have been playing it HOURS on HOURS non-stop  on the same server I started with.only problems i've found in the game is   glitching when teleporting  spawns me inside walls or the ground  I die ( bad )occasional random server kick outs    but i can just rejoing.  it doesn't happen much to me  but i see it happen with others a lot ( .bad)thats pretty much it,  all the rest is just a work in progress ( like the lack of a battle system )    so cant really say it's worth calling the game out on this.  it wouldnt be fair.If you've loved minecraft  YOU'LL LOVE THIS GAME MORE!!-------------------------------------------------------------------------REVIEW AFTER +1000 hours of gameplay----------After a Fauna & Flora update my mind was blown away again.  soo much rich colorful environments combined with nice lively sound.  The update added a performance boost that I do notice a lot.  I can play longer wihout having to restart the game.Forget minecraft, If you've felt like you've been tied down to minecrafts blocky limitations,   then Rising World is your creativity liberator !You'll still be reminded that this is  a pre-alpha game, but the building mechanics with the large choice of blocks,  the extensive advance use of planks and beams for very detailed creations on their own offer a huge amount of control to create highly detailed and realistic structures.And the awesome  little extras of decorations you get within the game lets you express your creativity like no other game(that i know of).+1000 hours done  EASYYYYY  on this game   jump from 1 project to the next always learning more always finding new ways of creating stuff.Screenshots dont lie !!! Check mine out anbd the rest of the Server i play on.     SERENITY SERVER !------------------------------------------------------------------------------------NEWEST REVIEW AFTER +5000 hours of gameplay (one year later)----What are you doing still reading this review ???    i have +5000 Hours into this game,  it means its a bloody good game  GO PLAY ALREADY !!!!!!!!!  if you hjave questions come see me on Serenity  Server."
76561198041681580,Recommended,324080,22480124,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,older than dirt,"Very relaxing early access game. Fun if you like exploring/crafting/building/mining games.- Loaded game 1st time- 5 mins in, killed by angry bear while reading journal- respawn, angry bear kills me again for reading- respawn, run from angry bear- mine out a crude cave to place my shelter, elk inspects and stays- sleep, wake and climb out of cave to meet angery bear, die again- respawwn, decide to hit elk with pickaxe, die again- respawn, elk & bear are at my shelter waiting angrily- met pig & cow, they like me10/10 bears and elk are mean, I am stupid lolEdit: My 3 year old granddaughter thorughly enjoys jumping in ponds we find and hunting for bears only to run from them. Be vewy vewy qwiet..."
76561198167307171,Recommended,324080,23163427,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,British Panda,"This game has some growing to do, but I'm already very pleased with its beginnings. If the developers continue to work on this game, it has potential to be a very popular sandbox game.Pros:- The graphics exceeded expectations and are far better than Minecraft or any other sandbox game that I have seen.- You are able to interact with 99% of the game. You can harvest crops, open drawers and cupboards, sit on chairs, realistically operate furnaces and ovens, and more.- The crafting system is in-depth without being too tedious.Cons:- MultiplayerI have found that the majority of servers are made in a different language, which makes it slightly more difficult to find my way around. There are very few players online most of the time, and that reduces the enjoyment of online servers considerably. However, should this game become more popular, I feel that this problem will solve itself.- ContentOne aspect of Minecraft that defeats Rising World is the vast amount of items and content that it contains. While very diverse when it comes to block textures, the game leaves much to be desired in the way of items. There are only 3 weapons, and they are all melee. Bows and maybe even rifles would be helpful and much appreciated. Also, there is no character modification, which means no armor.- No Mass InventoryWhen in creative mode, you can fly, break blocks with nearly any tool very quickly, etc. However, there is no mass inventory which means you have to shell out mass amounts of blocks, even in creative, which can get tedious.- TerraformingWhile terraforming takes practice in any game, I am not fond of the setup in Rising World. It tends to get frustrating trying to modify the environment in just the way you want, without it taking forever.Despite the many cons, you have to remember the game is still in its beginning stages, and, as I said earlier, it is still a great sandbox game and I imagine that many of the cons will eventually be resolved by the developers."
,Recommended,324080,18117525,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Kindred,"Highly recommend you to play online.EDIT 0.06:Game looks even more amazing than before !All textures have been upgraded,and they look amazing !Also,POTATOES :DPros:- Community,VERY,VERY friendly !- A lot of building possibilities- A good way to relax after a day of work is to make a barbecue in game and sit in a chair c:- Multiplayer is 100x more fun than singleplayer- Very good graphics,even at the lowest settingsCons:- Buggy(as every Alpha game out there).You will find yourself falling through map a lot(press F2 on SP when you get that)- For now,the only ""challange"" this game gives,is to build as much as you canTherefore,this is a great alpha game,if not the best Minecraft copy out there.Again,I strongly recommend to play online,as it is more fun.Buy this game,and you won't regret it.I'm not very rich,but I really wanted to buy this game,and I am very glad I did.It will give you endless hours of fun !"
,Recommended,324080,14438900,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,REDHAWK,"Do you want to fight? build? or maby just chill down with playing piano while other peoples is listening to your beautiful music?The choice is yours!Rising world. An epic voxel based sandbox game.peoples may ask why this game would be so epic, and come with comments like ""isnt this just another terriblie remake of minecraft""?well the answere is NO.This game indeed has inspiration by minecraft, but again theres a whole lot more to this game than you may think.As i said this game is a voxel game just  like minecraft wich means that the game is buildt up by cubes. And what i just said is not theoretically and scientificly corect, but i am just going to say that so you understand what i am talking about. an better explaination can be found in wikipedia.However, what is it really that makes this unrealistic pixelized game as good as it is and how is it possiblie that a game that most peoples would call a minecraft remake could be a good game? well i am going to tell you that.""The thing"" about Rising World is that in this game you are more ""free"" and have a lot more options to how you can build whatever you're gonna build. yes you can build your house with blocks as in minecraft if you like, but in this game the material isnt blocks by standard. in this game you have to manually craft the blocks from different material wich can be mined in same way as in minecraft. when you cut down your first tree you will see that it drops a wood log as a raw material, with this wood log you can create planks and supporting beams for a ""realistic house"" and floor/wall panel like you would do in real life. Or if you want to you can craft an wood ""block"" instead.The developers of this game have been focusing a lot on the subject ""Realism"" when you cut down the wood, they dont break in blocks, they break in logs, if you mine some ore they dont drop like  blocks they drop like rocks in real life. Honestly this is actually a really awesome looking in game, the way the grass and everything is made is in so high quality that you wouldnt even belive it.This game is based on the same subject as Minecraft wich is survival and building. As it is right now, the game is still in the early stage of development wich makes it a little bit dull right now if you want some action, but there will be coming hostile envoirment into the game really soon, and when i talk about hostile envoirment i mean hostile-wild animals like wolves and so on that can attack you. I am currently not sure what type of animals that will be added as hostile but i just used ""wolf"" as an example.The game has two game modes to play: single player and multiplayer.the single player part is pretty basic as i described above, mine, craft, survive, buildBut the multiplayer part has PVP. Wich means that in game you will be able to find other peoples and choose wether you want to become their friends or their enemies, and if you choose enemies... well i guess you can imagine what happens next. FIGHT FOR YOUR LIFE WITH WHATEVER WEAPON YOU GOT!In this game i have experienced a bit troubles when it comes to the online servers. for some reason i get this issue with getting disconnected every 30 minutes wich is really annoying but im sure the devs will sort this out pretty quick,In the  first sentence of this review i wrote about piano. and you may wonder ""what the heck has playing piano with this game to do""?well in this game you can craft a lot of furniture that can be used wich also includes a fully functional playable piano where you use your keyboard to play different ""buttons"" on the piano.and honestly i find this quite fun specially when im getting aplauded while playing ""chis medina - what are words ""live for peoples on the server.as furniture you have a lot of things to choose from, or more corectly said. hundreds of stuff!among theese you god atleast 8 different doors, book shelves, lamps, chairs, tables and so on. everything from medieval style to modern style furniture.In the end this game is a beautiful masterpiece of a game totally worth to check out.so let your imagination free and go and build an masterpiece!i will give this game an 9.5/10 points because of some lack of content but this is as i said resulted by early stage of development.but yet i highly recommend this game to any voxel lovers or gamers who likes to use their creativity.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar20O_YzzeI&feature=youtu.be"
76561197972222660,Not Recommended,324080,26218303,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,matb,"Another Minecraft wannabe that misses the mark, Rising World is not terrible, but you'll quickly get bored. Minecraft was a phenomena, but if the dev wants a fraction of its success, you're going to do far more than simply create a substandard version with sparkly graphics.The game is tranquil and relaxing with its pleasant tunes and (tediously samey) pastoral settings, but if I wanted that I'd put on headphones and go for a walk.It tries to improve upon the minecraft formula with multiple crafting stations, lots of furniture and a ridiculous array of block textures, but you'll quickly more past that and discover that the game lacks basics such as angled or even stair blocks. It has nice windows and doors, but rather than snapping to the blocks you've already laid (or rotating in 90 degree increments), you have to manually rotate and slide them into place. As a result, they are never properly aligned.The game has more tools, and they are okay to use, but building is based upon the XBox Minecraft mechanic where you simply choose an item from a list rather than having to remember crafting layouts. The developer could have enhanced the crafting if you at least had to develop skills over time which would have given it much more longevity.Farming is simple and boring. No fertiliser, no water, just plant and wait.At every stage the game's controls and mechanics disappoint. They never feel quite right. Walking around is ok, but try loading 60 pieces of ore into a smelter and see how irritating it is.I would cut this game more slack as it's an early access game, but it's been a couple of years now and the dev is messing around with plug in apis that the vast majority of people will neither use nor benefit from. Instead he should be adding basic content, more combat, a purpose. You can survive exclusively on watermelon, and within a couple of hours you can farm enough of that to survive indefinitely.Rising World has potential, but ""Early access"" has become synonymous with ""no pressure to complete the game"". It has no lastability, no quests and you can master all the required skills in 4 hours. After that it's just an endless rinse and repeat, but with landscapes that do not reward exploration.The game needs a major update, a transport system, and an actual purpose. Villages and actively hostile mobs would be a start."
,Recommended,324080,15945160,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Pancake Lizard,"Okay first off... Wow.... Just wow....... This game really exceeded my expectations, especially for an early access ""minecraft clone""; or so some people have called it...This game really has a lot of potential.I highly, HIGHLY, encourage you to buy this game.It takes some getting used to, so I would suggest watching gameplay videos to get an idea on what to do when you start this game.. And seriously... BUY IT ALREADY!I'm going to share some positive and negative aspects of this game:POSITIVES____________________________________1. It does the whole ""minecraft clone"" formula and nearly perfects it.2. You can place a plank over a hole to make a bridge. 10/10 -IGN3. You can make a piano, place it in your home/shelter and play it! Best piano simulator! 10/10 -IGN4. There is a poster in the game and you can use it to import your own custom images from your computer and place the poster on the wall of your home. How cool is that!?!?5. Overly addicting fun that will ensure you will miss work tomorrow.6. Did I say you can put a plank over a hole to make a bridge? HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥NEGATIVES_____________________________________________1. Would like a way to be able to flatten hills (unless that already exists in the game, in which case I am an idiot)2. Not enough people playing multiplayer3. So addictive that I forgot to feed my pet cactus and it died. rip cactus.4. Lack of enemies5. Not enough people are funding this game.6. This review is over."
76561198042288584,Recommended,324080,13292508,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Machine Medic,"I purchased this alpha after seeing what a few other people had to say about it, and so far, it shows a lot of potential.  It's still clearly a work in progress, but as of this very first Early Access version, it immediately beats the hell out of Starforge.If you are willing to venture $15 to support the devs, I think you will be happy with this alpha... If not, then keep an eye on this project... it shows potential."
76561197974927402,Recommended,324080,14802420,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,CNN is Isis,"Rising World is like an HD Minecraft, or 3D Terraria kind of.Good builder, good graphics and feel. Early access right now so there is no water or ememies yet (next patch) the game is fun to play though and well worth a buy even at this stage. You can build a lot right now even, check some videos it's impressive and should just get better.Definitly happy to support the game it should be fun on a bun!"
,Recommended,324080,16540911,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RT,"This is a phenomenal game! It's way more robust and fully featured than I anticipated, and the devs are extremely active, both in terms of patches as well as responsiveness to the communty.  This game is more than just a minecraft clone; it has amazing graphics and variety (in terms of crafting) that make it really stand out. Definitely worth your time."
76561198048878054,Not Recommended,324080,32511352,Posted: 17 June,all,Juice,"It's been a long time in Early Access and very little progress. I'd say wait and see before buying this game. As of right now there's nothing to do but build, and mods are the only thing that make it worth a flip."
76561198014969299,Recommended,324080,17685275,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,skoms,"One of the best Minecraft clones out there.Pros:- Good graphics.- Huge number of different blocks to choose from.- Huge number of items to choose from.- Gravity based physics. You chop a tree it will roll down the hill.- Easy and very good building systems.- The plans for the future looks awsome.- frendly communityCons:- Not much challange right now (0,5). Hunger, thirst and predators are easy to deal with.- Just a handful of multiplayer servers online, and they have mostly just 1-5 people on them. If you wanna play on a server with other people, you need to ask your friends to join you, or else you will be forever alone.- Small developing team, so updates are small and far between.A game with big potential, but the progress is slow. I have no doubt this game will be amazing when finnish, but i don't think we will see this game out of early acces  before 2018.Should you buy it:If you want the game this oneday will be, then you should wait because its still a long way from there. But if you just want to relaxe, mine for ores and build houses, this is allready a perfect game for you."
,Recommended,324080,22953400,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Furbal,"The best parts of Minecraft (the BUILDING) comes alive with textures that will blow your mind in Rising World. The multi-player servers add a new dynamic that seems to just be lacking in Minecraft. If you love minecraft, you'll leave it behind for Rising World.If your passion is mideval architecture, Rising World has you covered. If you prefer modern condos, Rising World has you covered. If you want to build something that merges both, Rising World again, has you covered. This is one building block game you NEED to play."
,Recommended,324080,16076239,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Troy_Pestell,"Great Game but i think its lacking. Transportation e.g (Trains, Horse etc).. Need water10/10 For Realism.6/10 Graphics Quality (Being used on Ultra)10/10 For great updates"
76561198052664089,Recommended,324080,30956786,Posted: 5 April,all,Lyandreth,"Rising World is currently a brilliant creative game, the support from the developers is top class and the updates are coming, albeit slowly, that will turn this into an even better game.Yes, the survival elements are currently lacking but these will come. Be patient, come and play the game, and enjoy the company of others and their builds on multiservers as well as exploring solo worlds. There is much to learn already, especially if you try out all of the construction creative tools that are available. It's not just blocks!!!Highly recommended."
,Recommended,324080,19628950,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Joseph Stalin,"IntroductionRising World is an early access open world indie survival sandbox game. You might be thinking, ""Never saw one of those before *sarcasm*"" but this one is actually kind of different from the others I've played. Rising world has beautiful graphics that fit the game perfectly and nothing in the world generated feels out of place. It is constantly updatated which is awesome. They recently added dungeons.SingleplayerThis is one of those surivval sandboxe games where singleplayer is actually fun to play. There is a HUGE variety of things you can do. You can build structures with (once again) HUGE variety of blocks and decorations. Animals like bears and tigers are things to avoid as they're two of the hostile mobs I've encountered. Some animals you have to provoke for them to kill you like hitting them, like goats and I believe elephants have the same AI. The world is either infinite or just really, really big. You can travel and find randomly generated structures containing loot around the world. So that's an adventuring part of the game. The cave system is great with a good generation system and dungeons. I haven't gotten bored of playing singleplayer.MultiplayerWith singleplayer being super fun to play to kill hostile animals (there will be monsters soon) and building your castle even though you're just one person and doesn't need it is addicting. Multiplayer, however, is dead, though. The most people I've seen on a server is 9 so far. Most of the servers and PVE with towns and such. I have fun playing these, but I think it would b e better if multiplayer had a survival aspect of the game, it'll add the most hostile enemy of them all: other people. Lua scripts are supported for multiplayer servers meaning that you can mod the game. I haven't seen like HUGE mods where there's like flying ♥♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere or anything, but there are mods like economy and building protection.Pros*Fantastic graphics*LUA SCRIPTS ARE SUPPORTED :D*You can build almost anything*Singleplayer isn't boring*Multiplayer isn't really boring, either*Generated structures to explore*Hostile NPCs*Great crafting system*Cave generation looks good*Dynamic lighting*Game is more realistic than mosto f the games in this genre I've seen*Constant updates from a loving developer*It's hard to believe only one person is working on the game.Cons*Multiplayer isn't populatedI can't come up with any more xDConclusionRising World is one of the most perfect games in it's genre I've ever played. The developer actually cares about the game. I think it has a LOT of potential. The game is already good in its alpha stage and I hope it doesn't fall."
76561198032128941,Recommended,324080,21897868,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Belgarian,Very good. it woud be nice to have a bit more info on just how to build houses especialy roofs. other that it is a very enjoyable game.
,Recommended,324080,20824432,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Nirvis,"I only played this game for few minutes and enjoyed it. I find it very pleasing to be able to interact with everything. There is a lot of room for improvement and some I've noted:-Animals should react instead of just standing doing nothing.-UI should totally change, having a nice and smooth UI with good quality attracts players.-The animation of chopping/mining should be smoother and more realistic. It kinda looks like a tool swinging in the air.-When I build a shelter and I mine and destroy the ground under it, it just stays in the air. It should be fixed to either be destroyed or fall down.-Third Person View would be nice.-Push to talk (in-game voice chat).-A little notification when you pick stuff up when you mine or chop.-Crouching is absolutely useless, it just feels like I am bending my knee a little. The character should crouch more than 50cm.-Now concerning furnaces it is fine the way it is, but it should be a little bit more realistic by having to fuel it (With a bar or something to know when it'll run out). I also suggest adding a temperature counter so that certain ores can be melted at a certain degree.-Walking/running up a steep way feels like gliding.-Sometimes when I jump at a round wall it climbs it, as if I am walking up a hill rather than actually jumping.That's the things I think should be added/improved, which some are totally based on opinion and play style."
76561198044602875,Recommended,324080,18287677,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Yggdrasil,"This game is great if you are into sandbox games like minecraft.  The  game is relaxing, and even though there are a limited amount of things you can do in the game it is still entertaining. You can explore the wolrd, cave systems, find a spot you might want to set up a homestead and start working on making your first building. You need to fuflfill your thirst and hunger needs, so farming is a must. Trying to find the materials, and finding seeds itself is rewarding when you first pluck the fruit of your ""labors"" in the game.I am so far satisfied and even impressed with the amount of updates that are being put out. Soon biomes will be released and I was happy that update was ""delayed"" in order for them to finish the update off ( none of this modern rush and patch later that we see today with many games).Worth the money?- If you want a sandbox game that looks and plays better then minecraft WITH a more adult/ courteous community/ multiplayer. Buy it.Bottom line: I am pleased"
,Recommended,324080,31625218,Posted: 8 May,all,Highspy,"Great game - reminds me of minecraft on steroids. Love the detail in creating items, graphics look nice (some issues here and there but playble either way). I walked away for a year and came back pleasantly surprised and excited to see more!"
,Recommended,324080,15163913,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,weemcast,I've really enjoyed my time in Rising World and am very excited to see how things progress!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_ozHgYYiMM
,Recommended,324080,23833973,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lycanthropic Paranoia,"Heres the breakdown (condsidering its still early access)Graphics: 7/10The graphics look nice and crisp. Would be nicer if it looked more organic and less cookie cutter though. I also dont like that the items held in the hand are so high up in the middle of the screen and wobble back and forth when walking (too much). I talked to dev about this and they said that its just a placeholder and will be fixed later. There is too much long grass everywhere. In the forest, there should be a forest floor with leaves, dirt, and pine needles, not grass.Sound: 8/10The sounds are great. They are in fact one of the best I've heard in a crafting/survival type game. The game just needs more.Gameplay: 7.5/10Gameplay is great, still needs work though (it is in early access after all). Its too simple to craft certain items. They should have more recepies.Menus: 4/10The menus are by far the worst part of the game. They look like they are from Windows 95.Animals and food: 8/10The amount of different animals in this game is great. I love the fact that the game does not have zombies. Too many games like that. This is a true survival game.Tools and Weapons: 7/10You start with an axe and pick. Would be nice if you started with nothing and could make a stone axe. There is a sword, morning star and axe that can be made.Crafting: 8/10Crafting is great. You dont need to remember recipies, the game just simply tells you what you need. Again, some of the recipies are a little too simple. Glass for now is free.Bugs: Initially when I bought this game I could not load it. I got an error. I had to delete some files for it to work. Not very user friendly for the public. Please fix.Do I recommend this game: Yes, but be patient, the devs keep making improvments.Cheers"
,Recommended,324080,28295942,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Walter das Trevas,"Rising World can be considered the ""spiritual successor"" of Minecraft, and if we compare the graphics, Rising World is the ""Crysis"" of the SandBox games, thanks to the last update that brought very nice visual effects, and a preliminary version of Climate changes.A plug-in system ensures that talented players will be able to produce gameplay modifications, something very useful for private servers that want to add custom elements in gameplay.The tools available in creative mode, with the help of a plugin called ""Planks and Beams"", are some of the best I have ever seen.Update:Now I have 400 hours played, and the fact is one: For those who enjoy sandbox games focused on construction and craft, Rising World is already fully playable.The game is very relaxing and very well produced.Realistic animal models, basic agriculture system, several realistic tools that work exactly like the real versions, the community is mature and respectable, in the official forum you will find tips, mods and blueprints, and since December 2016, when I bought it, the game has evolved a lot.I see games with much larger teams that take much longer to launch updates.The next update will bring char customization, weapons, armor and different tools.To be truthful, Red51, the developer, always helps, always answers the questions and doubts and deserves much more respect than other studios that only release games early acess and then appear once a year to make promisesHe is very competent, the engine was created from scratch and their product is a voxel game with super complex visuals, it is an amazing independent engine due to flexibility.If there is an independent studio that deserves support to grow, this studio is JIW-Games.If you like Minecraft, Rising World is a must!I build everything without prebuilt ""modules""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAQ-O4IhrwU&t=58shttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4AHMM10s_ghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vw-Get_qzshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnjyogCd5vE&t=5sYou just need creativity. ;)____________________________________________________________________My favorite MODs and PLUGINS:These plugins greatly enrich the gameplay. ;)https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/5618-plug-in-planks-n-beams-with-any-built-in-texture/https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/5397-plugin-blockplacer-world-edit-replacement-oo/https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/5159-script-area-protection-3-0-new/https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/6487-blueprint-texture-editor-version-0-2/https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/6625-plugin-switch-grass-type-for-placement/https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/6654-blueprint-image-extractor/https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/6780-plugin-portals/https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/6605-plugin-animal-breed-master-v0-21-viehzuchtmeister-v0-21/https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/6595-plugin-blockprotection/https://forum.rising-world.net/thread/5620-1-release-worldtrade-rpg-system-plugin/_____________________________________________________________________________Devido ao estilo, Rising World pode ser considerado o ""sucessor espiritual"" de Minecraft, e se compararmos os gráficos, Rising World é o ""Crysis"" dos Voxel SandBox Games, graças ao último update que trouxe efeitos visuais muito agradáveis, e uma versão preliminar de mudanças climáticas.Um sistema de plugins garante que jogadores talentosos sejam capazes de produzir modificações na jogabilidade, algo muito útil para servidores privados que pretendem adicionar elementos personalizados no gameplay.Em tese, no futuro teremos um sistema de mods muito mais eficiente, e ferramentas de criação ainda melhores do que as atuais.As ferramentas disponíveis no modo criativo, com ajuda de um plugin chamado ""Planks and Beams"", são de longe algumas das melhores que eu já vi.Se você gosta de Minecraft, Rising World é obrigatório,  pois é um ótimo jogo de construção, possui grande variedade de blocos, boa música e é uma grande aposta para o futuro, mas com  conteúdo capaz de entreter agora.Update: Depois de 400 horas jogando, sinto-me mais apto para analisar de maneira realista.O jogo realmente mostrou-se muito bem produzido e relaxante.Cenários e animais realistas, sistema básico de agricultura, ferramentas e mesas de construção super realistas que funcionam como as versões do mundo real, comunidade madura e respeitável.No forum oficial você encontra dicas, blueprints dos mais diversos objetos e casas e desde dezembro, quando comecei, o jogo evoluiu muito!No próximo update, receberemos personalização do ""herói"", armas e ferramentas com características diferentes das genéricas.Tenho visto jogos com mais programadores demorando muito mais para lançar updates importantesPara ser justo, Red51 trata  os jogadores com muito respeito e humildade, sempre está presente para responder dúvidas e ajudar com bugs e correções.O jogo é barato e o estúdio MERECE um voto de confiança, merece cada centavo recebido, pois o game não custa caro e está sendo construído a partir do zero.Já vi jogos produzidos por estúdios maiores que não respeitam os jogadores e vivem de promessas, não é o caso do JIW-Games.Eles possuem um produto sólido, entregam exatamente o que prometem e o motor do jogo, JMONKEY, é extremamente belo e flexível______________________________________________________________________________"
76561198073184214,Recommended,324080,21679390,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Maz,"For an Alpha, this is a highly entertaining game. One of the best purchases for my buck in a while. You can either choose to be a loner, build in solitude and secrecy, or join a fun community and build complex projects together. The map is vast, (unlimited actually, just depends how much hardrive space you have to load the new generating map as you go) has several enviroments, which each containing its own unique properties.The only con for me is the lack of players on the servers. However that being said the community is actively growing and the game is still recieving updates.This game continues to rob me of my time, I simply can't get enough of it."
,Recommended,324080,28964193,Posted: 2 January,all,nan0s7,"This may look like a Minecraft clone, however, it is much more than that. This game is full of detail. In it's current state there isn't much of a challenge - the only things that can kill you are rare and easily avoidable, and hunger/thirst aren't a priority. Right now it's more of a building/exploring game. But what it is, it does really really well. If you're into those games (that don't have a story) then this is a no-brainer.PROS:- Amazingly pretty- Consistant FPS- Multiplayer- Many many different block shapes, textures and materials- Nice world generation- Controls and overall feel of the game are done to perfection- Very unique ideas (such as the way the furnace/forge works, and the fact you can play the piano!)- Nice integration of a tutorial- Passionate developers and a good communityCONS:- If you're no good at setting your own goals, then this may get boring without friends- Not much challenge/threat (but this is going to be updated soon)- Sometimes it's hard to find man-made structures to explore (but they do exist)TLDR:If you're not looking for a challenging game (as of the time of this review) and enjoy building games that are similar to Minecraft then you will enjoy this game. However, if a lack of a challenge or threat is something you'd like in the game; then it's up to you! Buy the game now and support the great developers, or hold out until a future update adds in other creatures."
,Recommended,324080,24648380,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,noway.,"I Highly Recommend this game to anyone with a creative mind & enjoys complex games.Pros:-I really enjoyed the farming aspect Rising world offers. Every tree you chop requires a very specific amount of swings of your ax in order to drop it & even more swings to chop it up/remove stump. ( I have a guide on this)-It is not strictly block based.-This game is perfect for people who love to not only build, but explore! Mining is a real joy in Rising World.-Whilst building your dream home, structure, or anything really. The options you have seem endless. You can make standard blocks, stairs, ramp pieces, angled pieces for an arch and corners, etc.-There are a decent variety of biomes (more will be added apparently). Winter, Plains, Mountains, Savannah-Wide variety of animals. From rabbits to elephants-You can host your own world rather easily.-cool features players have created/added. Vornet (economy based plugin $$). Area protection, etc.-can literally dig to hell-Many different ores in the game, making vornet even more fun if the server is economy driven.-The lighting options in Rising World are out of the world (lamps, chandeliers, bright a** florescent type lights.I guess I will end the Pros there!Cons:-Unfortunately, like any game, some GM's of public servers are power hungry and will ban you for no reason.-You do not have the full power of one who has the 'creative' game-type options available. Which can make crafting a bit wonky and limited(ie, Creative-mode you can use any texture in game on any object, as to where in  survival youre limited to textures for said objects, usually listed by an ID number. to my understanding).Other things to add. The day/night durations are well balanced. There is an option to see you're coordinates in-game (F3). The game is just very complex. I have 100+ hours and some-times I still feel oblivous to possabilities, as to where in other games like rising world, I played them for awhile and felt as if i had reached the 'end' which made me lose interest."
,Recommended,324080,21260059,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),"This is an incredible open-world sandbox game that is randomly generated.I would recommend it to anyone who likes building, mining and open-world sandbox games.Things this game does better than minecraft:Graphics. Beautiful!Realistic terrain rather than blocks!COMPLETELY destroyable terrain!Amazing and in depth crafting SystemLots and lots of customizable options. For example you can put your own posters up and upload your own IRL images,More beautiful cave systems and exploring is more fun.Things minecraft does betterThe actual survival element. It does not seem all that hard to survive at the momentCheck out this review:http://techraptor.net/content/rising-world-preview-serious-take-blocks"
,Recommended,324080,26611910,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,zaberwolf,"I've held off writing this review because I wanted to really give it a chance and I'm glad I did. I started of frustrated because the guide is a little lacking but after a lot of hours playing and learning, I can honestly say I love it.  I'm a big Minecraft player, I've been playing that game for as long as it's been available but Vanilla got boring very quickly due to the limited recipes it get boring.After almost 100 hours, I'm still learning new things and ways to use the materials and find new shapes. I most definitely advise at least checking out YouTube videos before dismissing this game as just another Minecraft clone. It has  a lot more to offer and the developers have a lot of plans which have so far been amazing!"
,Recommended,324080,15646692,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,jackripper,"Ive been playing video games for years, and I have more time on this game than any game ive ever played.It is a treat to just  to look at some of the architectural buildings,bridges,under ground bunkers that have been built by people who are engineers in a build it world."
76561198207387188,Recommended,324080,23660935,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,tuzic678,"This game is okay now, but has incredible potential. The best way to describe it would be as Minecraft's steriod jacked cousin. The gameplay at times feels similar, but once you look at the screen, you can see how beautiful the world is. You can admire the beauty of wildlife such as bears, as they clobber you and steal your things, house, and wife. Never trust a bear. Never."
,Recommended,324080,16259924,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Vynkahla,"I've played a lot of sandbox and survival games and Rising World is already in my Top 5 list.Keep in mind the game is in Alpha.  Yes there is an occasional glitch.  Yes there is still a ton of content to come.  These will both be fixed/implemented in time and the developers are very active on the game forums and with the community.  It's nice to see them respond so often and be so open to feedback.Other reviewers have highlighted the great points already in game (freedom of construction, posters, etc).  At the moment farming and mining is limited but interesting enough to keep me returning.  Also in regard to it being a ""Minecraft clone,""  No.  Just no.  I've played an embarrassing amount of Minecraft (everything from vanilla to a server with 150+ mods) and while yes, there are some similarities they are different games.  Calling them the same is like saying Dragon Age is the the same as Diablo.  Sure they're both RPGs but they're very different in execution.  It's the same principle here.Ultimately, even if you don't purchase (which I highly recommend you do) this game is definitely one to follow!"
76561198052270990,Recommended,324080,28398491,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,rockkat00,I took a chance and bought RW for myself because I love sandbox games. This one does not dissapoint. It made all the little build and dig parts of me happy. I even got a copy for by husband so we could play together.
,Recommended,324080,23560695,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,UKSharon,"Well what can i say this game is worth every penny if you like crafting and building games i play single players you have animals, plants, trees , furniture, i am well pleased with the game. :?keep up the good work and never spoil it with zombies i hate zombie games.im still loving it and thank you for the brilliant update."
,Not Recommended,324080,35053684,Posted: 18 September,all,Taitzu,"I didn't play for too long, and that's because there isn't much to do at the moment. I believe in the future this game could become something great, but the devs update it every 2-3 months, I already lost interest in it, but might come back in a year or 2 to see if it got any better. If you really enjoy building and terraforming it's a fun game, but it will get boring quickly, at least it did for me. I don't have any friends who play this, but I believe that with friends this game can be quite fun."
76561198015366191,Recommended,324080,23457143,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,GismoTerminator,"This Game runs on Java.This game runs very, very smoothly although it is an early access game.The content updates, are all very polished, and frequent.This game is already perfectly playable, and will be, in my oppinion on of the best gamesin the category ""voxel""/survival/world building when finished."
76561198013406857,Not Recommended,324080,31728924,Posted: 13 May,all,Viking,"Reminds me of Minecraft but the thing is, the game doesn't have that much content. Sure, you mine and you build, but nothing else. After a couple hours the gameplay just gets repetitive and stale."
76561197970502682,Recommended,324080,21917435,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Haggle1996,"Only two hours in, but I already feel it's a purchase well made. Much more immersive than that 'other' game, and it looks very beautiful. If you're looking for a relaxing, enjoyable open-world building experience, look no further."
,Not Recommended,324080,34095358,Posted: 7 August,all,TheAeroGamer,"Unfortunately, I'm not able to recommend this game just yet. Although the graphics look pretty excellent, and it seems like it'll be an outstanding game in the future, there are a number of flaws that need to be worked out.For starters, there is very little conflict. Yes, when exploring, you often run into bears, and boars, and tigers, and jaguars, but  they don't often just /happen/ by. Additionally, they are far too easy to kill. 5 hits with the battle axe, and they're toast. There's no challenge.Some of the animations were a bit wack. For example, the Spinning Wheel animation would only work for the first handfull of times, then it'd quit.The animals were also a bit wack. Sometimes they'd get stuck in trees, or in each other, and would not be able to move or retaliate.Overall, a good looking game, but not quite up to par for what I was expecting and for what the reviews showed. Maybe I'll try again in a year or two."
76561197990070543,Recommended,324080,16204801,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,sharpy,"This has a lot of potential but still has a lot of work to do before its worth playing for any length of time. I've already done pretty much all i can so far in the game in only 7 hours. (built a home and furnished it, build all crafting stations, explored miles and miles of tunnels, dug my own little mine, have a little farm and hunted animals) I could build a bigger house or a deeper mine etc but whats the point? I need more recipes to craft and more reason to explore like new biomes ect. Still a good game and the devs are working hard so i'm very hopefull for the future of this game.Recommended because the devs are working hard and if you play with others you can get a lot out of this game as it is. For a solo player like myself i want a bit more to do, explore and a bit more polish."
76561198177623329,Recommended,324080,31957299,Posted: 25 May,all,JonasML,"Rating Rising World as:7.5/10 for gameplay (it is a bit grindy, currently no endgame but it's early access and sandbox)8.0/10 for concept (sort of Minecrafty, but with some new features and better graphics, expecting this to improve)9.9/10 for support and Devs who give a damn (see below for some reasons)I had my doubts when I read some of the negative reviews, but I gave it a try anyway....Twor words, Great game.  It's still in Alpha, so there are some limitations (LIMITS, not BUGS), but for an Alpha game it's outstanding.  It loads when I tell it to, and I haven't had any glitchy graphics, freezes/lock-ups, or weird ""it's Alpha"" problems.  More importantly the dev is actually available, answering questions, solving problems, and offering advice.  If I were to have a problem, I have no doubts that I would get some help with it.  The forum dev goes above and beyond.  There's a discussion post about horizontal textures for wood... Red51 explained that they don't have that now, btu a texture rework is in the agenda, just no ETA, THEN he provides a small texture package as a hold-over until the rework is done.  Truly excellent customer service.  I won't say that every company should be like them, but every company should be TRYING to be like them.On the game side, I enjoy playing it, even if at times it seems like a bit of a grind.  It might be worthwhile for some home designers to check it out, it's better for walkthroughs than any CAD programs I've used.  I'm actually looking forward to more content as it's produced.  Everything seems to be well thought out and debugged before it's released, which is a huge change from some games I've played.  Once they open up modding I expect players to go absolutely nuts with new content too.  Right now it is more Minecraft with better graphics, but I can already see how with the content they've added they are branching out to create their own brand identity.  Some aspects are more like A Tale In The Desert, if anyone remembers that."
,Recommended,324080,17817747,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,danleveille,"Rising World is a beautiful, open-world, procedurally generated game. It feels very similar to Minecraft, however, the world isn't as restricted to the voxel grid, and the landscapes look much more natural. The game is still in Alpha, so the gameplay does feel a little limited, however, the developer has been constantly working on updates and it looks like a very promising game.Rising World focuses on exploration, building structures (in a way very similar to Minecraft), hunting animals, farming, and traveling into caves to find rare ore to use in building.The graphics are beautiful, particularly the lighting, but not so elaborate were it'd require a hardcore computer to run it. The interface and controls are very minimal, which is nice, but can feel a little unintuitive and confusing at times."
76561198140435102,Recommended,324080,23588624,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,savvym,"Like Minecraft but better. I do not need to fight zombies. I play multiplayer with other players, having own property that no one else can build or destroy. I feel good about this game. You can craft, play piano or mine your way towards hell. There is not much to do, just mine & build."
76561197972321763,Recommended,324080,29497087,Posted: 25 January,all,Rodeown,"I have now spent over 600 hours playing this game, it is like a souped up minecraft and gets better with each update, I used to play minecraft but this is now my ""Go to Game"" Using Beams and Planks you can make some awesome creations, only lim it is your imagination, obviously with early access there are some bugs but the Devs are listening to the players and the community is active.  well reccommended in my opinion.  Survival/building at its best."
,Recommended,324080,28327562,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,JecraDK,"A pretty decent game with real potential. I for one enjoyed the Minecraft-ish functions without the blocky design. It's a bit difficult in the beginning, and there are a lot of crafting combinations that take some time getting used to."
76561198018939809,Recommended,324080,14801349,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,supershanks,"A game of Genius that is developing very well thanks to a good forum and listening developers. Without doubt my game of 2015. Might have been 2014, if I'd gotten it earlier. :)About the the best , most realistic looking of all the sandbox, voxel based games around atm. So far creative mode is live, survival mode is coming. Farming is in nect patch I believe."
76561198109069589,Recommended,324080,22388713,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,JayTheWolf,I might not that much play time.. but that's because i first bought this game when it came out... i was having soo many problems with the terrain not loading and i would constantly fall and get stuck so i gave up on it. Now as i was reading the reviews i saw that this had mad positive reviews... so i tried it again and oh my god how much fun it was.. hahaha i love it and i recommend this game to anyone who doesn't want to pay double the money for MC!
76561198096013586,Recommended,324080,22033618,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,genesheetsjr,"If you like MineCraft you will love this game. What I like most about it is the NOT blocky terrain. You dig a cave, it looks like a cave. You dig a hole, it looks like a hole. Getting the ground prepped for building is a bit tricky but you develop the skills to do it, not just suck a block out of the ground and plop it somewhere else. Sure it's under development but it's fun playing and watching the content be added as you go along.It's a great game to hang out with friends and just chill and create."
,Recommended,324080,15995819,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Alpha_pyxis,"i recommend this 100%There is alot to do in this game, I am glad it doesn't follow a hype like mine-craft does since i never played it nor wanted to.I am 31 hours into the game and have already made a mine, a farm, a house and two shops.there are things in this game that make you want to come back for more. The ability to upload and put your own pictures (posters) into the world is brilliant implementation with endless posibilities. I was able to make shop signs and sign posts even put image of displayed items for shop windows.Although the game has no plot as of yet there is still plenty to do and as it is an alpha there is plenty more to come.hope this was helpful in your decision making process."
76561198039218965,Recommended,324080,35020589,Posted: 17 September,all,Avanar,"If you consider buying Rising World, you should inform yourself about it first. This is not different to other things - you wouldn´t buy a TV, car, etc. without first reading the Pro/Cons before, right?Rising World is a game in development, in Alpha stadium. That means it is incomplete and every update can change the whole game experience.The content of the game is currently ""limited"" to building. Why i set ""limited"" into paraphrases? Simply because the game is yet incomplete and still, in my opinion, the best building game out there.It has (yet!) no hostile NPC, no electricity or mechanics, almost no survival feature (only basic hunger / thirst). And still i tell you it is the best building game out there - why?When you start Rising World you start off with choosing your randomly generated world. With different biomes (grass, forest, winter, mountain, lakes, desert, etc.) that have a beautiful graphic.The light effects, day and night cycle, weather effects (sunny, foggy, rainy) give it all the feeling of a living world.Some animals (hostile and neutral) do their business around you.But thats not all. You start crafting a tent, a fire place and feel like a nomade. When you adventure futher you build some crafting tables that allow you to build a wide variety of differently textured blocks with many different shapes. Some furniture, decoration items, different lights (fire and electrical) and tools.So far not exciting enough? Well, then have a look at the system of planks, beams and logs. You simply craft them from wood but can change them in size - and texture (via console).While the normal blocks can be placed like in any other crafting games too the planks and beams are objects that can be rotated, resized and placed in any way you can image.You make them tiny and rotate them - craft a vase, a table, a grandfather clock, a spinning wheel, ...Make them the size of a block and place them freely like you needMake them huge and rotate them to build your round tower, tubes, etc.Don´t feel bound to a certain grid - just work with this amazing planks and  beams system. And save your masterpiece with the blueprints - or download those others provide and use it in your own game.This system is it what makes the difference to other building games i know. Its flexibility and nearly limitless application possibilities.Whats for the future?The next update will bring some more weapons and especially - character models that can be adjusted individually. Also the survival features will be improved.The character models will be the basis for the next update - bandits, pirates, traders, hostile npc...And after? Horses, Trains, Breeding (a plug in already allows this!), electricity....Red51 is a passionate developer. Not the fastest - but for a good reason! Being mostly alone working on the game and having to depend on freelancers he does an awesome job about this game already and, at least for me, he has my trust to bring his vision into reality with Rising World.Have a problem? Just post on forums and he will answer, if the community doesn´t do it before.His vision for the future is to raise Rising World to a new level. While currently almost completely a building game he wants to make it a game with each 33% for Building, Survival and Exploring.And the best thing is - nearly all features in the game already can or will be individually adjustable. You love Tigers but hate Bears - no problem! Just check out these nasty Teddys.You love building but survival is not your thing? No problem - creative mode and easy switching is no problem.Is everything so great about this game? No. It isn´t. Currently i feel very lonely in this game. No matter if single player or multiplayer.Due to the missing challange of survival and hostile NPCs most people really focus on building on their SP games or on private servers.I sometimes feel too lonely and even though it tickles me to build another fortress or huge mine i retreat and play something else - waiting for better times (next update).Taking a break from the game doesn´t mean though it´s not good anymore. I just accept the fact that the game is in development and not complete yet.And that sometimes means to do a break and play something else - always lurking in the dark to wait for the next upate with...."
76561198141805867,Recommended,324080,16752052,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,unicorn_zombie,"Very fun game :) It's like a more realistic version of Minecraft.Despite being an Alpha, this is already a very solid game. Devs seem to be really committed to engaging with the community and being very open about plans for the game. Looks very promising.9 falling trees out of 10."
,Recommended,324080,14929191,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,OriginalXTS,"As of 21 April 2017, Loving their updates!! I still fall through the world sometimes but hitting the f1 or f2 or f3 will let you fly. I forget which one so I hit all three. lol  (Panic Mode).  Terraforming is awesome! Gardening has enhanced dramatically since my last update, which was quite a while back. My apologies.  I still enjoy mining and I like to build into the caves, similar to housing around 50 BC to about 50 AD or so..  I like eccentric ideas.  I also like to build tunnels through mountains so I don't have to always go around them.. Then within the tunnels I like to create passage ways to mining areas, and much further below!!  :D  I admit I still play around a lot in creative mode to learn and practice some new features as they come out and to become better at quicker building for when in a more dangerous environment :)I keep coming back to this game to this day..  Learning the tools will help you achieve acquiring saplings, seeds, etc.. So I do recommend you check into what each tool does. Especially concerning plants and such.  From castles to outdoor living, this game has a variety of choices, of ways to live/survive.. I really like that! I like my freedoms and choices in games!Hope you enjoy Rising World as much as I do.. <3  Thanks for reading. I hope I've been of help.****************************************************************************************************Today's date is: 30 Jan 2017Thanks for reading.  I'm not a good reviewer but I hope my review has helped..Still rating as 8/10 for explorers, creators and crafters.. Reminder, I only play in creative mode. I cannot review for other modes. Apologies.****************************************************************************************************As of May 2015, they've added mining material to the caves with the ability to smelt it down, and not long ago they added the ability to grow crops. Tomatoes, carrots. I believe there's one more but I don't recall without looking it up.****************************************************************************************************Overall, as of 5/29/2015, I still enjoy the game, building and creating (which is what it mostly is right now, though there is a few online servers for MP if I recall correctly.  I also believe you can connect directly to another person's PC and co-op with them at home.Depending on your settings, some animals can be aggressive, creating a need for survival.There are a variety of things you can build. A castle, a small house, a tent with a fire pit. A city even.. There are many images online and screenshots here in STEAM that are amazing.I would rate the game 8/10 right now as it's still in progress.****************************************************************************************************Update: I'm loving the improvements over the last few years!  I find it much more enjoyable than before, though I still at times fall through the world in creative mode (probably all modes but I stick with creative for now).  I love to mine, I love to explore, create, build, play around, grow crops, find goodies.. This game offers a nice natural variety and it's serene for me, the way I play. An escape from the woes and annoyances of real life to a world where I can be free. Free to create this world as I wish, peacefully, calmly, patiently. Free to live where I wish. I LOVE this game and I keep coming back.  It's a less blocky minecraft style game in many ways. My boys try to get me to play minecraft but at my age, and with my style, I prefer visual over convenience so I like realism and natural looking objects, environments, creatures, vegetation, etc.  I think I'll be returning to this game as long as it remains awesome and is available! :)Stranded Deep is another survival game I like, as well as Savage Lands.  Salt is okay too, but my faves are the 3 mentioned above. RW, SD & SL. :)Hope I explained the style of the game enough to give you a good idea. Check out the screenshots people post and you'll get a good idea of the feel of the game.  Crafting is not as tricky as it once was, as well.. I have not yet played this game with the most recent update/additions so this is a review for the previous version. Though this new update looks phenomenal. :D****************************************************************************************************As of 16 March 2015,This game seems like a better graphic style version of minecraft, though not near as far along as minecraft. It's still pretty limited, not a whole lot to offer outside of creating & building . There are animals, only some have something to offer for dinner, the others have nothing to offer.Cooking: Can burn your food. Wanna live as a vegetarian, you can live off of fruits of the earth :)"
76561198076305014,Recommended,324080,22453958,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,andwar,Great game and great community. This is the game I have played the most this year. Although it is still early access it is highly recommended.
,Recommended,324080,17126228,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lobster,"This is an early access review!The game is fun and has a lot of potential. It is heavily inspired by Minecraft.At this moment the game is more of a crafting and exploration game. The survival aspect of the game is minimal. If you have a stock of watermelon you're going to be fine as long as you don't forget to eat. The watermelon is also refilling your level of thirst. If you find pigs or cows, try to kill them and you have a bunch of meat to eat as well (cook it first tho).What can you do in this game?Well a couple of things.- Building / Crafting- Exploration- Farming materials and foodExploration is not that exciting yet. You encounter different animals which are not hostile yet. While exploring you can (if you allow them) encounter caves as well. Those caves can be a hole in the ground or a entrance in a mountain. Most of the caves have different shafts going all kind of places. If you take a lot of torches and torch holders with you, you're able to explore the whole cave without waling in the dark (which is not a good idea anyway).The caves have a creepy feeling because it's pitch dark in there if you have no torches or flashlight.While you're in a cave you should farm for ores and stone. I explored a cave where I had to walk back and forth between my camp and the cave several times. After completely exploring the cave I had enough stone and iron ore to build myself a little farmhouse (two stories) with a fireplace and a separate workshop. I only needed to head out for wood.Farming materials and food is easy. I still have some items that have no purpose in the game yet, but those are stored away. Trees are all over the place, so wood is easy to come by. Food is also easy to find. Watermelons are growing everywhere, don't forget to look up mountains as well! Then you still have the tomatoes and carrots which you can grow yourself on a plot of farmland as well. Although the tomatoes and carrots are harder to spot because of the high grass, you come across them more often if you know how they look like.Building or crafting is fun and easy. I like crafting games, especially if they are combined with survival and freedom. Like I said, this game is inspired by Minecraft. The building principle is the same as Minecraft. Crafting your materials needs to be done by the crafting menu which are accessed by crafting tables. Different tables for different things.You can craft a lot of things which gives you a lot of different styles for i.e. buildings.Ores are melted down to ingots and then made into plates and rods. It's a lot more than just picking a item and craft it. So in my second world I started gathering materials for all the crafting stations so I could build the house and other stuff.Now, like I said this is an early access review. Although I think the game is already a lot of fun, it has some issues as well.You can for example fall through the ground. I had it once while mining for ore. The F2 key helps in this case (no clipping mode).If you attack some animals (like bears) they attack back. If you respawn they are still mad at you, so don't attack them near your respawn point.The game is easy on survival mode!The only seeds you can plant are tomatoes and carrots. Watermelons and pumpkins has to be found.Animals can float in the air or run into mountains.These are some minor bugs and are not affecting the gameplay.The game is still in development and the dev team is active. So if you like it, support them by buying the game. You won't regret it. :)"
,Recommended,324080,29124461,Posted: 8 January,all,Zeeple,"Yes I got bored with single player in the beginnning but the constant updates from the developers are constantly improving the overall user experience. Then I went onto Multiplayer on the Serenity server, a PVE based environment and I am hooked. This game has so much potential and it is being very well received by myself and others I know very well."
76561198038570177,Recommended,324080,17126778,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Ryder,"This is becoming quite a nice crafting and exploration game!  The UI is getting better all the time... and the basic construction system is endlessly flexible, so you can build any structures you want.  I love the non violent gameplay... though prepare to pay a health price when hunting wild animals.I love the direction Rising World is going.The mining system is also good, though some ores are hard to spot (some I have yet to find... finding only copper, iron, coal, and tungsten.But the BEST thing about RW is that if it crashes (I've had a few related to my nvidia video card), the game will restart exactly where the crash happened.  I've lost NO work!  This is a great feature for an alpha to have!That being said... I get a complete crash about every 15 minutes of gameplay(related to the Nvidia video card or so says the error message).  It's maddening.(Win 8)"
,Recommended,324080,13297988,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Cock Maximus,"After three hours of playing this game I can easily say that it is definitaly worth the buy, although the game is currently missing many fundementals, the games added elements such as voxel mechanics and a huge variety of craftable items and blocks make this game enjoyable. One thing I'll note that is important for those who are not into the modern style of architecture, this game contains a lot of modern ""factory made"" furniture and a variety of blocks that are something you would never see in the caveman age. This greatly takes away from the realism of the game but in it's current state I am unsure on how these items will have their place on the game.There is not much to say about this game so far, but I feel that this game has great potential.Honest and non-misleading gameplay:http://youtu.be/y5TKMVwgZO4Pros:--------------------------Voxel Mechanics-Crafting Varieties-Smooth Procedural GenerationCons:--------------------------Poor renderingBad OptimisationLack of Realism"
,Not Recommended,324080,25359247,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mr. Timéstámp-é,"If you want to press that no button tell my why I'm wrong. Thanks.This game's premise is the best I've seen in the survival genre.. a realistic Minecraft with a full smooth terrain and much more realistic apporach... but right now, eh.It is developing too slowly for it to be worth it. The game has been on steam for almost 2 years and still we have yet to get much content that makes the game worth it. For what the game is right now I'd say it MIGHT be worth 5 dollars or less... it's just way too slow. When games in this genre like Creativerse, ARK and others are developing at a much more constant rate and with much more content. It just doesn't feel like it's worth it right now. Wait for a deep discount or until it eventually gets developed."
76561198167976006,Recommended,324080,30032671,Posted: 19 February,all,Midnightkitty,"I recommend Rising World because:Amazing graphics - very realistic in every way, greatly augmenting the game's immersive qualitySimple crafting system with no need to memorize recipes for itemsHundreds of highly detailed craftable items to suit many different needsExpansive biomes each with its own unique terrain and indiginous species3 different world types to choose from, adjustable ore density, and also toggleable caves, flora, and faunaRecently updated in December and clearly much more content to come!"
76561198085468535,Recommended,324080,26151610,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,douggie56,"I have to say that when this game first came out I was a little skeptical to buy it but few days ago I decided to get it and finally gave it a shot, and i must say that I'm very impressed. After about an hour or so of gameplay I was pretty much hooked.now yes, I understand that i might not have a sufficient amount of gameplay to get a ""complete"" feel for the game. but for some reason it's already seemed to have pushed all my buttons in the RIGHT places.If you're looking for a very relaxing type of open world survival/creative game then this is the game for you. to put it another way, it's very relatable to games like Minecraft, and has similarities with games such as The Forest or Stranded Deep. I enjoyed all three of these games, yet Rising World is at the same time in it's own little playing field.Amagine it like this:It's Minecraft with a slightly more ""realistic twist""It's The Forest without deadly as AIs trying to murder you every secondIt's Stranded deep without all the immensly frustrating bugsAs a final comment, I do agree with most of the community in the fact that the game does seem to be a little ""too"" easy, without quite enough struggle involved (mostly due to the fact that there arn't many hostile AIs, and even the hostile ones are very easy to take down), yet for me personally this isnt much of a big deal, because i would rather have all the time in the world to construct my fortress.All in all, Rising World is a very enjoyable and relaxing time. Althought at times it may be a little dry, it still provides a positive experience, and 100% gets my recommendation."
76561198070575212,Recommended,324080,13555884,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BinMukr69,"AMAZING  GAME!!! just a few things i think that should be added (even though they r probably already planning on these)1)there is a water and food meter exept it never runs out and theres no food or water2)you should not be able to fly on survival3)Animals should attack you but only if u attack them first4) health should regenerate over timeand finally, i think it would be awesome to add natural disasters."
76561197989376113,Recommended,324080,18398128,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,rileybonz,"Excellent open world survival/building, early access game with dependable developer support, regular updates and supportive community."
76561198011017088,Recommended,324080,23966597,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Griffo,"Well after having just finished a session with my buddy, which went for about 4 or so hours, i can definitely say i can recommend this game. i admit, it does feel quite bare at the moment, with only having about that 4 hours worth of gameplay, probably more if you are into building alot, but i would say for the content it already has, and how solid the whole thing felt, it is surely a great early access game. placement of blocks, workbenches etc went smoothly, including the multiplayer session, not a single hiccup. everything works correctly and works well, im looking forward to see where its headed."
76561198079765669,Recommended,324080,30247946,Posted: 28 February,all,MommaT,"I've been playing about 5 months or so. This game is in early access, but the small development team is very responsive to issues and suggestions from players. The Rising World forum (on web) is very active, and you'll get lots of help there. I play single player, but there are servers open to anyone, and there are lots of people playing where you can play PVP, cooperatively, with economies, etc. I can imagine this will only grow,  and when the game is out of beta there will be modding and user written quests etc.The survival mode is not very challenging, however I think that will change with time too. So ""gameplay"" isn't yet well developed—but if you're creative at all, this is for you. You can build anything! (If you try hard enough.) There is planty of challenge in that. Either in creative mode where there is no danger from predators, or need to survive, or in survival where that challenge is added, you can build a hovel to a castle to a giant city—the sky is literally the limit.The world is endless, and beautigul. There are many biomes with diverse animals to match and more coming. Aside from building and basic survival the world is meant to be explored.You can mine to clear to hell if you want! Dungeons with treasure and deadly traps, and even undersea ruins. This game has enormous potential—but you have to put in some effort too. If you need to be spoonfed a storyline and quests, this isn't for you. If you have an ounce of creativity and are willing to see where your OWN imagination will take you—GET THIS GAME NOW!Best part about getting in early is you can help to guide where this game goes! They listen, and I have already seen players' suggestions implemented. It is early access, things will break. Do you have the guts to stick around?"
76561198376947614,Recommended,324080,32696388,Posted: 23 June,all,plainvanillamc,"I've only played about 73 hours online hours but from what I've seen, I love this game and can't wait until more is added.  The amount of basic building block options (ramps, stairs, slabs, cylinders, etc.) is so much better than Minecraft's default.  The realistic landscapes and graphics will keep me playing when I have time.  Cave exploring, finding the dungeons and eventually going deep enough that you end up in the Underworld or Hell is a lot more enjoyable than other games.   Once more aggressive mobs are in place, this will be a good diversion from building and designing my cities.I only have one minor dislike and that's the slow pace of updates but I know it's from a small company so I will wait and watch the forums for update info.  I'm still waiting for the custom character creation screen, which is supposed to be in the next major update."
76561198057952888,Recommended,324080,29455106,Posted: 23 January,all,VampyreBelu,"So i've clocked a good 300+ hours on this game and it was worth every second. In a nutshell this game is awesome and can consume hours quick, but its still in alpha. I'm looking forward to monsters to kill and presumably animal farming for a variety of resources. But as a warning to new players, this game's complexity can sometimes make it appear buggy, when in fact you're just doing it wrong. For example, some plants you can harvest over and over sans a tool, some need to be harvested with a sickle, and some yield different resources for 'by-hand'/'by-sickle' harvesting."
76561198074701001,Recommended,324080,24582816,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Noremac_,"This game is a realalistic minecraft done right, the blocks look good and are smaller so more detail can be put into buildings, and you can mine out great looking caves instead of everything being square and bad looking. The realalistic textures on the blocks look fine and fit well. Lastly, the developers of this game are great. Please buy this!!!"
,Recommended,324080,30950308,Posted: 4 April,all,Strategos,"Early Access done rightDont let the ""Early Access"" scare you, this game is fully enjoyable as-is! The developer continues to release updates on an almost monthly basis, bringing fun new areas, toys and mechanics to try out. This game can be played as a simple survival/crafting experience all the way up to meticulously-planned, month-comsuming architectural masterpieces!The only things that still need smoothing out are some minor physics/engine bugs that are by no means as game-destroying as those seen in some other early access titles. Also, the players and developers are very active on the forums, and have helped me solve some rendering problems in no time.Pros:Tons of features right out the boxSimple crafting/building systemCrafting can be expanded for complex projectsSolid graphicsActive Dev + CommunityCons:Some minor bugsCan have trouble on bigger servers if your PC isnt the bestGame still in development, need to be patient if your dream feature isnt ready yet"
76561198238185402,Recommended,324080,26378188,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,БАБА КАПА,"The best game ever!Needs:1. weather (ITS ADDED)2. rivers. (i have not found any)3. cliffs/snowtop mountains.4. be able to switch from creative to survival.5. be able to change the name of the world.6. to be able to click and hold to build in terrian tool window.7. to have seasons. like fall, spring, winter, summer.i think that would be cool.8. to be able to click and hold to build in terrian tool window.not just to click. so much clicking i have had to do....(UPDATE TO REVIEW)9. to have flags/banners. and be able to costome the.10. more rugs.11. stairs.(even though i can make them. it would be nice to be added)12. valcanos.13. ice.14. map/maps/full world map. (if u do add. please have them be able to be put on walls and taples)15. bows and arros.16. shovels. (its on the loading screan. lol but not in game.)17. sheilds.18. fireplaces. (like a stone fireplace and a metel fire place)19. weapon wall thing (the woden thing that have hold swords on)20. armor stands.21. boats/cars/planes/trains and so on...22. to be able to build with snow. (like add snow blocks)Okay. lets see... its really good. its really fun. yea, it takes forever to just make a simple thing. but come on. it getts you really happy when its done. Theres so much stuff you can do in here. that you cant in minecraft. i even like this game better. but dont tell me wrong, nothing can beat minecraft. There is a lot of other games like this out there. But what makes this diffrent then the others? Is that they arnt going to quit on it. in like 4 years this is going to get better. and not just the divs can help it move faster. We, the players can. by telling people about. by posting reviews. by posting comments. and most of all... by playing it.UPDATED 4/3/17FIXES NEEDED:1. The bug that when you wake up from your bed in the morning sometimes your screan is slitly tilted to the right.2. dungen bug. when you andded dungens to the game. one spawned in my build. and another messed up my land.UPDATED 4/8/17"
76561198094090154,Recommended,324080,13354456,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Cpt. Uriel,"The game is extremly fun.  Lots of objects to craft like furniture. I can't wait for them to add mosters, food and electricity.  This is minecraft the next generation.  I love the choice of bricks and blocks to make.  Don't forget to hit the f key to pick up items.  This took me a while to figure out.  I hope the developers gives a greater choice of doors.  Light sources range from torches to modern lamps.  Very cool game, definatly worth the money at this stage in development.  I would recommend that anyone who likes minecraft or building games buys this game!!"
76561198043206903,Recommended,324080,14695415,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,---Leech---,"Rising World is a crafting and building game. It's not yet a survival game, but it is planned to be.The game makes fun to play already now if you like building things alone, in Multiplayer local or in the internet. You don't need a wiki or tutorial to find out how to do things. You can create large buildings that look great. Currently you can craft some items for free as not all materials are built into the game yet.Overview+ Nice Landscape+ Immersive elements like barbecue+ Building is easy+ Digging and Wood chopping is easy+ Already many craftable items- Requires a lot of digging & wood chopping (boring after some point in time...)- Issues like falling through the map can cause loosing all loot you carry with you (press F2 for now if this happens)- You can get lost in the map and to find your home is not always easyReview state End February 2015"
,Recommended,324080,13736661,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,satscape,"Not so much a minecraft clone, maybe a ""Rust"" clone? In it's current state (Alpha), it's very playable. If you enjoy the building/creative mode of Minecraft then get stuck into this, plenty to do/build!The survival game isn't here yet, there's no ores, just stone to mine, no farming, which is all perfectly fine for a game in this stage of development. It shows great potential and I shall be keeping an eye on this in 2015.There is a couple of features already in that I think will prove very popular: custom posters you can stick up on any wall, any size and a fully playable piano!Anyway, hoping the developers continue to work on this and don't let us early adopters down, I can't say enough how much potential this game has. Buy this game if you know what ""Alpha"" development stage is, if not, click the store page's ""Follow"" button instead.p.s. Runs fine on my low-end gaming machine (Linux, 2 core CPU, Nvidia GT-610 card, 4GB Ram)"
76561198040635090,Recommended,324080,17116069,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,LDSdropout,"Great game and it's not even finished yet.  Still a few bugs, but not enough to regret buying the game.  If you're coming from Minecraft like I did, you'll enjoy it :)"
76561198156855460,Recommended,324080,29017277,Posted: 4 January,all,Maxisverygood不気味です,This game has a lot of potential and definitely seems to be heading in the right direction. The new dungeons update looks really cool and as soon as they add enemies to the dungeons and the rest of the world this will be something i play regularly. Since its only 15 bucks i would invest in it now.
,Recommended,324080,17655521,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Alessandro,"While my review is positive, i give you one warning: Prepare for FPS♥♥♥♥♥♥  I unfortunatley don't have a good enough PC to run around 60 fps (15 max), while looking at the floor increases it significantly (30). Gameplay is intresting and fun, most of the building and crafting is understandable (Hurray, a minecraft like game that has the stupid floating things taken out!) and buildings created by players look amazing. Wait.. its still in alpha?"
76561198046085605,Recommended,324080,25625271,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,The Thousandth Son,"Beautifully Peaceful...That’s the first thing that comes to mind, it’s a comparison I’m sure has been made before but it reminds me of Beta Minecraft. That’s no bad thing, I remember playing that in its early days, so much potential, so simple yet so time consuming. Starting a new world and just being in awe of the terrain. All that in a 16 bit voxel game. Rising world is even more stunning, none of the harsh angles but every bit as capitulating.The amount textures you can choose the blocks to be in is immense and when you combine the different types of block, cylinder, cube, half slab etc the possibilities are endless. The game also provides textures for many different themes. Yes there are the obligatory medieval cobblestone textures but there is also plenty of “modern” textures to create anything you want really.As far as being a challenge is concerned the game doesn’t really pose as one. Yes there are hostile animals like tigers if you’re in the right biome but they’re easily defeated even as a starting character. The biggest danger is falling and not looking where you’re going, sometimes at the same time. It’s not uncommon to fall down a cave system and break your leg. However this game isn’t a survival simulator like that, no this is just a tool to create to your own desirers. Much like painstakingly putting a train set together and simply watching it steam around a loop, to the outside eye it might not seem like much but to the player it’s your own little world.I’m only a few hours in and there is still so much to discover and build but I already know it’s a gem of a game and can wholeheartedly say it’s the best £10.99 I’ve ever spent.I totally recommend Rising World."
,Recommended,324080,18705752,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mookie the cow,"I want to start off by saying that I've never written a review before. I've spent a good amount of money on Early Access games over the past 3+ years. I've made some good purchases (Rust, The Forest, The Long Dark, Empyrion -Galactic Survival) and some terrible purchases (Nether, Miscreated, The Dead Linger, Survival: Postapocalypse Now). I can confidently say that Rising World was one of the better EA purchases I've made. It's truly been a breath of fresh air and I have enjoyed playing it. It's a nice crafting/building game with some minor survival elements. It is definitely a nice change of pace from some of the KOS/Hack-filled survival games out there. There is just something to be said about a group of players building beautiful buildings and towns while being able to help one another out. The learning curve isn't too bad and crafting is generally pretty straightforward. The developers seem to be doing a respectable job with updates. I think the biggest challenge they face will be adding more content (shapes, blocks, equipment, clothing, character design, etc). This game is pretty good in its current state but what's exciting is the potential of this game moving forward. Overall I would give Rising World 7.5/10 and it has been worth (to me anyway) the $14.99 price tag."
76561198089989828,Recommended,324080,23691005,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,floboug,"Excellent pre pre pre pre alpha craft game !I achieved all i could have done in one day. The graphics are not so bad, above all for the crafted items and the trees. Ideas are bright, i supposed it will be a fantastic game in some years, maybe it would be wise not to wait so long ... hmmm ?On june 2016, only the first tier worbench is effective, the second is not. Most beast have not loot yet, armor do not exist and weapons are four (no throwing ones). For the craft , you will have a decent amount of nice blocks but only that : blocks.you will able to farm, a good point, but there are no recipies : you will eat raw potatoes.Courage conceptor, people would like to see more :))"
,Recommended,324080,18165562,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Yrula8,"All I can say is, WOW! Yes I know everyone wants to say, ""it's just another Minecraft clone"". But if it is, then this is definitely Minecraft on steroids, but better!! And only getting better!!!"
,Recommended,324080,13281943,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,JinXeD™,"Extremely pleased with this game, even though its still in alpha it is much more playable then most of the other survival building games of its genre. Really loving the building and placing mechanics, i was literally speechless when i saw that you could upload pictures as your portraits in picture frames and hang them up in your houses or where ever you please (that gives some realism to the game) , Please support the devs in this game because they obviously know what they are doing and are very good at it =]Would buy this game even at this level of alpha, cant wait for extra features in the futurereccomendations would be- locks for doors or a coding system- easier way to drag items into chest maybe a hold shift and click system- bows and arrows =]- maps- lakes and rivers for fishing- traps for animals and enemies- npc villages for tradingLOVE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,324080,13227936,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Elitewafflez,"Climbed a mountian, killed a goat... then went off to explore a spooky dark cave. got lost in cave... then made cave my home :(The game has some cool features like trees that fall realisticly, then you gotta chop them up. Mining in this game also feels really good compared to most games i tried.  The crafting system is pretty cool as well, has a 3d Visual of the item you want to make, + you get to rotate when you place things for easier placement.For its early acess its pretty decent, havent crashed yet or fell through the ground, the game has great potential i think. Cant wait to see what content they add."
,Recommended,324080,21957188,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Heavy_Gunz,"Had a lot more fun playing than I thought I would. Figured it would just be another cheap survival game but it actually takes time to build up a home or base and I enjoyed discovering everything in the game, I still haven't finished. Bows could be added, that would be a big plus. If you have extra money to spend then I recommend buying"
76561197991799773,Recommended,324080,31915764,Posted: 23 May,all,ᅜᅜᅜᅜ,"Awesome game, tons of crafting to do, resource gathering is fun :) and you have tons of stuff to build 10/10"
76561198057545645,Recommended,324080,15246199,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,OpticBackpacker,"Like Minecraft without everything being square, in my time playing it's intresting and novel in a way, however, I would reccomend waiting a while until it is out of Alpha, as it is quite spartan. Solid 8/10 in Alpha, would reccomned definitley once it releases fully."
,Recommended,324080,26027917,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Lt. Retriever,"Really fun game, bought it a year ago and it has changed alot and theres alot more to do in the game its like a nice looking minecraft but with different things to do and more RELAXING and REAL LOOKING this is the game for you.Loved it when I bought a year ago and still love it today!!! 10/10"
76561198072649637,Recommended,324080,17589265,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Alpha_43,"Had a look at Rising World just before buying it, it looked like a good game.once I was playing it, there seemed to be too much mountain.after my 1st play, it thought it was a bit boring...So I gave it a 2nd chance, walked away in the mountain i spawned inand found a plains where I started building a shack for all the ""machines"" (more likes benches, smelter and anvil)But, once I explored the caves for ores, there was too much copper, not enough iron.then I searched for aluminium but found none, untill I look up internet for guides & tips.At the 3rd play, I started Hamachi & invited a friend which had look up the game with me, right before I bought it.We played all night, we have not finished our base yet, but are looking to play again...It's only in alpha but, i look forward to all the changes that can or will be done in the future.It's a great game, played three times and recommend it to anyone who like building game.ps: servers are buggy, i got kicked out from any, every 2 min, I hope they fix itpps: playing Lan doesn't bug at all."
,Recommended,324080,31287875,Posted: 21 April,all,saltmummy626,"Rising World is a surprisingly solid survival game. The strongest aspect of the game is the flexability of it's construction system, featuring rotation, resizing, fine placement, and a multitude of materials to choose from. Good examples of what you can accomplish can be found in the games community hub. Recent updates have improved upon the ""exploration"" aspect of the game with the inclusion of various dungeons and world structures. There appears to be modding API in the works as well, which will be nice.An important thing to take note of though, is that updates are usually somewhat far between. Not to say the devs aren't doing anything, they are. They just like to take their time doing them. That being said, the updates are fairly regular and featuring just enough content to be worth the wait.I'd say, go ahead and look through the screenshot gallery and then maybe give it a try."
,Recommended,324080,23038854,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Chrisx841,"even though its still in early access its a pretty great game, in fact i gotta say better than Minecraft and SecondLife combined, dispite the lack of content and updates."
,Recommended,324080,32361290,Posted: 12 June,all,LowDPIGamer,"Very fun and relaxing game, even better if you have friends to play with :)"
,Not Recommended,324080,32681440,Posted: 23 June,all,Terrnovella,"As it is, I wouldn't recommend it. However, it does show a lot of promise, and this opinion will likely change when the game leaves early access. I really do love this game, however it has one primary and three secondary flaws that make it unplayable for me. Primarily, the lack of content. It simply needs more overall.Next, the grass. The grass is SO annoying, it is so tall it gets in the way of any building you do, and since it is everywhere until you build an anvil to build a sickle, you can't really build. And even then, it takes forever to clear the grass to allow you to build.Next, the sun. If you look anywhere remotely near the sun, it blinds you, and as far as I can tell there is no way to disable this.Finally, the furnace. When you are loading it with ore you have to load each piece individually, and same thing when taking the ore out after it has been turned into ingots. This takes up too much time, and it would be easier if you could deposit/take it all out at once."
76561198118034474,Recommended,324080,29175292,Posted: 10 January,all,Zinri,"So far I don't have much time in the game and have only done a little exploring and playing with various blocks and tools to see what is available. My impressions so far are extremely positive. I was previously playing another voxel based building game called Landmark which while full of potential ultimately failed due to a lack of direction and numerous game-breaking voxel bugs. Not to mention over complexity when it comes to making small details and corporate politics. Microvoxel warping was annoying as hell. However in Rising World we have planks and poles, which can be resized and precisely rotated to build up any shape you wish for without distorting the surrounding blocks. There's even the option to use PNG images as decals for the purpose of wall art, rugs and assorted details that may prove too small to model. If you are an ex landmark player or simply love building stuff in virtual worlds I strongly recommend this. if not convinced take a look through the screenshots to see the kind of thing that is possible. So far the only drawback is the variety of props being limited, but I am sure there will be plenty more added in the future. I can't wait to see how this evolves and grows."
,Recommended,324080,22440321,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,TheAwesomeKielbasa,"This is the first game I've played that suceeds at making chopping wood fun.This game is fun, runs well and looks good. A couple things that would make it even better would be adding character customization and the ability to see yourself in first person (i.e. see your body if you look down). And perhaps mod support and/or texture packs like Minecraft.I have noticed some lighting glitches and clipping through terrain, but these are easily forgivable with everything else that works well."
76561197993373280,Recommended,324080,13349196,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Bac-On!,"NOT QUITE READY YET, TONS OF POTENTIALThe bad is not quite the fault of the developer, its Java. If you buy this game and Java makes you update. REBOOT AFTER JAVA FINISHES INSTALLING. Don't even bother doing anything else.This is what Minecraft should have gotten off its lazy♥♥♥♥♥and done instead of stealing someone else's code (inspite of the original developer did) then sell it to Microsoft. I've digressed though.. Anyhow, the game is beautiful. You could almost say someone took the beauty of Skyrim and smashed it together with Minecraft.The game is pretty easy to dive right into, the interface is pretty easy to get into without looking for instructions.Did I mention the landscape is beautiful? The game is stable too (one you've got Java installed correctly). Nothing choppy, nice frame rate. Build all kinds of amazing buildings.Now the bad. Boring. Basically it feels like right now everything is creative mode. The only thing that will kill you is walking along in an open field and ahhhhhhhhhhhhh...splat. Deadly hole in the ground (random hidden cave opening).No dangerous monsters yet, just one biome, no water, no need to survive in survival mode.  Farm animals mixing it up together out in the wilderness just sitting around waiting to be killed. However, as long as they stick to what they say they'll do, this game will be a AAA Minecraft."
76561198018111825,Recommended,324080,30235937,Posted: 27 February,all,Aztai,"Hello there,One of the few timesI really comment on a game on steam. I have to say this game is not finished at all but it it is quite fun to play alone and even more fun to play on a multiplayer server where there is an economy. Some features are still lacking certainly for the multiplay (like natural disasters could make the survival more intresting) but this game has great potential"
76561197968807905,Recommended,324080,28796018,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Shoobee-Doowap-Baoh,"It's like minecraft with better graphics.  It's fun.Note:  If you are looking for a survival game this is not it.  This game (right now) is more about building stuff like you would in minecraft.  If you want a prettier version of minecraft and you just want to build, this is for you."
76561198055676270,Recommended,324080,22577223,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,RedTon,This game is early access but I had it and enjoyed it since the builds are stable enough to play it.  The German developer usually gets an update to his game once a month which is an impovement to the game.  The game is currently not much of a game other than building and crafting at this point.  It is similar to minecraft but not entirely it does some things better than minecraft IMO with building allowing superior editor / blueprinting items / and allowing us to upload jpgs. It allows a lot of possibilities.  We will see where it goes seems to be a dedicated developer.  It's worth the price to buy it on Steam.  The developer has a lot of good goals such as improving allowing custom changes to improve our individual or server based games.* = Future Items as of Apr/2016------------------* Custom 3D Models* Transportation?* Water* Custom Avatars* Custom Textures* Animal Breeding* More 3D Models / Tools* Machines* Pipes* New ResourcesAlready exists-------------------BluePrintsTexture3D ModelingLUA ScriptsAPIMultiplayerServer ListingsCustom image upload for Single Plane TexturesAnimalsPlantsBuilding Tools for Land ManipulationCraftingMining
76561198175997770,Recommended,324080,23899769,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Alle_Da,"Absolutely great game with an ever expanding world. I've been playing it for over half a year now and am still inspired to try new things, discover new ways to build and create. I'm not running out of ideas and if I believe so, something new gets implemented to draw me back.Very nice soundtrack, wonderful graphics and fun building system.It's a game that stimulates your creative side and never gets boring. Thumbs up for the great work!"
76561197991560209,Recommended,324080,13964231,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,kaboooom2000uk,"Looks a lot like minecraft, and Planet explorers and starforge, I must say the biggest difference I like is the crafting system which shows the items you can make instead of guessing and looking up crafting recipes on the net which saves a lot of time."
76561197981183558,Recommended,324080,31883065,Posted: 21 May,all,Flungundi,"This game is amazing. I've discovered it while searching for building/crafting/survival games. The survival aspect isn't that challening yet, but that is not an issue. I'm sure the developer will implement some more challenges in the future. The building, however, is superb! I get the sweetest minecraft-vibes from this game, though Rising World is not simply minecraft with better graphics. Risin World allows a lot of freedom in the ways you want to place or alter building materials. It's amazingly detailed for an alpha game. I'm very excited to see what the developer wil add in the future. Definitely recommending this game to anyone who loves building/crafting games."
,Recommended,324080,20278730,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fuzzy,"I played this game for a while and took a break - at the time the objects were more limited and the world was limited to one continuous biome - not quite forest, not quite flatland.  It was fun - but essentially a smooth-terrain version of Minecraft (minus the monsters and plus a couple of angry bears/goats).  The gameplay does still largely lean toward creating a world, rather than survival - but I feel that there is a fairly enjoyable balance!As of the most recent update (0.6.4) different biomes have been added.  Although at the moment the transition between them seems a little abrupt - but I am assuming that small issue will be solved when they add water.  I am very much looking forwards to seeing how the developers go about doing this and what impact it might have on gameplay.  At the moment food is your primary source of fluid intake.  The idea of having to try and build some sort of water purification object seems like it could be quite an interesting starting point in the game!There is a definite grind to finding resources to build stuff in this game, even with them set to high - but it is worth it (in my opinion) if you want to burn away a few hours!Also for an early access game of this type - I have personally experienced very few bugs - and absolutely no game breaking ones so far! *touch wood*I will try to revisit this review from time to time to update it as the game develops. :)In summary - if you want to build a world, possibly play with friends gathering resources and building yourself an epic castle/base/house on a game with above-par graphics, then the current state of this game is for you.Pros:-Actively developed, communication and updates seem to be fairly frequent-Pretty lighting/overall visual appearance!-Lots of objects to build and resources to find-Great time-killerCons:-A little spartan on the survival front at the moment - but it fits this sort of game fairly well. *-I can never seem to cook meat!!  It always ends up burned! :P-Some minor glitches - like when I went back to loot my corpse and found the head floating quite comically above it.*I don't know if the devs will see this review - but a ""hardcore survival"" type setting would be fun alongside the standard game mode for the future where tools wear down with use and there is more of an emphasis on setting up a base quickly as well!"
,Recommended,324080,17505083,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,76561198135860143,Hours of fun!!! It just keeps getting better!I suggest playing with friends for sure!Massive caves to explore and endless fun cutting down trees.
76561198152816719,Recommended,324080,25878479,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Browel,"This game is Amasing, has better build system than Minecraft"
76561198142216577,Recommended,324080,23647832,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ozgamer,"i deleted my original reviews because it wasnt fair on the developers, it was something beyond their control, so i'm redoing my review.this game is early access, and while i've only played a few hours on this, i have played Survivalist games like WU, so i know what to expect, this game has alot of potential, and alot of room for growth, i can envisage great things for this game.so am i giving this a recommendation, if you love to create things, get chased by wild animals, have to search for food and water, and possibly die a few times, then yes you will love this game,the key here to remember is that this game is EARLY ACCESS, it is no where near finished but it's a game well worth the money spent."
,Recommended,324080,17914600,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Jacob,"I'm loving Rising World. It was a bit difficult to understand certain things, but it is a fun game. I created a shelter, started to dig downwards, Found a mining system, fell down in a few holes, Dug up some ores, now running out of hunger.Game is great, but it is better to play with friends."
,Recommended,324080,30409655,Posted: 9 March,all,приплывон,"This game is alot of fun, especially with friends, but it's in Early Access so the game feels a little bit unfinished. It's remarkably playable, but there's some things to add and bugs to fix.We've built our base inside of a mountain with my friends. It had hallway with drawers and chests for storing items, toilet, forge room with anvils and furnaces, workshop room with all kinds of benches and a storage room.While playing i've experienced some bugs, they're not critical:- Sometimes animals may fly (when i was hunting, an animal ran over a canyon, from one side to another, without falling into it.)- If you will place any furniture on the ground, and dig the ground underneath it, it will remain flying in the air.These are only 2 bugs i found in this game, anything else works as expected.I have a very weak computer (Intel Integrated Graphics, Intel Core i5, 4 GB of RAM and a slow HDD) and this game runs pretty smooth, 40-60 FPS.Developers are very responsive and releasing updates frequently, rapidly adding new stuff. Recently (31.12.2016) they added dungeons with loot, but without enemies yet, devs saying that they are still working on it.Last update released - 14.02.17, i'm writing this review on 09.03.2017.Would recommend it to you, i'm playing it whole day.I rate 8/10."
,Recommended,324080,14235558,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Oblaque,"Spectacularly diverse in the way of crafting and such! All I gotta is that I am 100% positive that this game is going to be a classic. Open-world survival, minecraft-like gameplay, fully destructable environment, multiplayer, day and night cycle and its only in alpha!!! Imagine what the final version of this game will be like. I whole heartedly recommend this game at its current price. You won't regret it."
76561198157385057,Recommended,324080,31370910,Posted: 25 April,all,rthamant,"This game is absolutely fantastic! Although I've loved playing Minecraft in the past, the cubic aspect of the game threw me off. There wasn't a whole hell of a lot of freedom to go along with it. This game gives you that freedom and a little bit more. Obviously there are still many things in development, yes, but it's absolutely worth the buy, even now. If you like building then this game is absolutely for you."
76561198085436952,Recommended,324080,20717175,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Daddy,"Amazing game. There are quite a few bugs, but if you can get past those it is very fun. It is similar to minecraft in some aspects, but it is much better"
76561198007789798,Recommended,324080,31452356,Posted: 29 April,all,Hermaeus mora,Thanks for the linux support and its a very nice game
76561198059981878,Recommended,324080,19129849,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,o-(-< George Mcfly,when/if this game ever gets completed it might just be one of the very few games that are better in its genre than minecraft/ftb. Right now what the devs need to focus on is not giving up on it like so many other devs do on games like these.
,Recommended,324080,34224410,Posted: 13 August,all,Gr8pboy,"Rising world :Positives -+ Meniallity that adds flavour -Loading the furnace by hand to add fuel and oresSpinning your own thread to make clothTanning your own leather with a knife and drying rackPlacing your food onto the grill/skewer/spit to cook+ Very open ended building+ Graphics are nice+ Exploration is challenging, ie. the caves are filled with holes that are hard to get in and out of.+ Hunger and thrist mechanic is nice, Apples and tomatoes n stuff give you water which is nice.Neutral -+- Animals are slow and stupid+- Tools Don't degrade+- Grass is nine feet tall so its easy to walk into holes if you arent paying attentionNegative -- If i alt-tab out of the game and come back it loses frames like crazyGame is definetly worth the buy in my opinion, I enjoy the game a great deal. There may be some things that i enjoy that may turn you off to the game, they main one being, a very casual survival experiance. The game is very easy to stay alive as far as ive seen. Hunting resources is satisfying, with a little grind, but not too much. All in all i would absolutely reccomend this title"
76561198060140876,Recommended,324080,13541178,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FatSyrianHamster,"This game I totaly recomend! One of my favourite reason a recomend this is because of the free choice you have.(For an example, you can chose to be a modern person or a medieval person or a mid 1855-1957 person) Rising World is so good it made my day game tasic! If you're reading this then I say buy this game beause I know you'll love but sadly at first its a bit hard but so quickly it becomes realy clear! These are the reasons I recomend it!1. This game gives you the choice of what to do.2. You can chose what time you want to be in.(Which I already told you above)3. The way you can costomize the terraine.(But I wouldn't say it's better than minecrafts world editor)4.The way how the forests and caves and hell looks so real.(But I haven't told you about hell yet)5. The way how chopping trees go throught real life progresses.(But a bit shorter)6. How there are so meny things to be.(For example, this will take a while, a flower collector, a hunter, a miner, an adventurer, a woods men, a builder a normal person or even a demolitionist)Those are my reasons but I still have more to talk about, so lets cut to the cheese. Although the lack of motion is put in I still like it. The graphics are great!(Besides the big pot belly characters and the heads the turn a whole circle) Rising world is a great name for this game because the world is sort of rising up in your hands.That is way a recomend this great spectacular game!"
,Recommended,324080,30548069,Posted: 16 March,all,willracer4,"Rising world can be described as Minecraft, but the world isn't made of blocks. There are not any monsters in it, and no ranged weapons, but animals give a good way for some melee combat if you're looking for that. Hunger and thirst work great. The devs are very supportive and constantly working to improve this already amazing game. Progression in the game is long but rewarding, allowing you to create explosives, and a metal detector to help you find sulfur to make more explosives, and even save your castle on a blueprint for the price of one gold bar, giving you the ability to build it anywhere you want, even in other worlds. And, if you don't feel like building your own city, you can find some custom blueprints on the internet, and build them in your world! The only things I have against this game is the lack of a difficulty setting (the game is very easy) and no ranged weapons.EDIT: a lot of people have been complaining about the 'lack of updates', and, while I can see where they are coming from, they don't realize that the devs are looking for quality and not quantity. also, they think this game is going to be a pure survival game, which is not the case. they are planning on improving survival, but it is still mostly a building game atm. keep this in mind when buying Rising World.Overall, Rising World is great if you're looking for a relaxing survival game or just to build a fortress.9/10"
76561198015073437,Recommended,324080,25863765,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Whyena,"At the moment all you can really do is build, but this game does that one feature so well that im ok with it. It is very relaxing and even rewarding to build in, and while development is slow, the Dev does care about this game and the community, I see them replying to people all the time answering questions and keeping us updated. They seem like a genuinely cool person who wants this game to work as much as we do. So even as a game with really no purpose at the moment other than building, I can still recommend it fully."
76561198035904195,Recommended,324080,25743442,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,inezare,"I am enjoying this game even though it still in the development stage.It will be nice if they include a dog to keep single player company!  AlsoMore shape for the blocks so you can bill circular item as arch, wheel and well,Without having to waste so much time as we do know.And last but NOT least when are we getting the third person mode?  It will be very helpfulEspecially when you are building and step back so you can see a better tree dimensional viewOf contruction."
,Recommended,324080,26479031,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,☣ Alex ☣,I strongly recommend this game for people who love to build their own world.
76561198045396597,Recommended,324080,28152447,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,zXBoyer,"This game is incredible....if you like it. To explain, I could see why some people might not  be into it because of the style and gameplay. It's unfinished and buggy, as expected for an early access game, but it could be much worse for both of those.  There are a few bugs but I don't mind because the bugs have always been very minor (other than some crashing, but the game does autosave) and kinda add to the feel of the game, somehow. The GUI is laughably terrible in such a way that I smile when I see it.But getting back to the good things--I'd imgine others have talked about them and there are tons. I can already say that this game will be my next Minecraft in that it is cheap and I will spend ungodly amounts of time playing it. (Minecraft is obviously very similar, but they also have many differences. I can see myself continuing to play both)."
76561198080268954,Recommended,324080,30323430,Posted: 4 March,all,Smoky,"Great game, kind of a mix of minecraft's building with another set of graphics which are very realistic. (Yes that sounds weire but it's true) Hunting and gathering is very amusing and I like building all these fancy homes and buildings.Main downside is that the mines are way too freaking deep. I'll dig for an hour as steep as I can walk back up with and I'm not even close to the stronger ores. Either someone's ****ing me by telling me a ton of other ores exist either than gold, iron and copper, or the devs are just being brutally cruel on how to get to it."
,Recommended,324080,17299825,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Sams'Ego,Pretty sweet game... its got alot of potential.. reminds me of Rust and minecraft all rolled into one
,Recommended,324080,23320992,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,CarlEatshands,"I bought this game way back last year and didn\'t put many hours in it due to the lack of things to do at the time. Now after picking it back up, they have improved a lot. Tigers, Elephants, Giraffes, better land (used to be mountains on mountains, no flat land), and water. Obviously the game is still being worked on and I can\'t wait to see what they continue to add. I hope to see bows and arrows soon since I prefer fighting bears and tigers from affar. The building in this game is great. You can get so creative; From medival villages to modern houses. I do hope they also fix the cave system since it\'s literally a hole in the ground.Pros: Constant updates, can be as creative as possible, arrange of animals, gorgeous game, caves are deepCons: Not many weapon choices, no durability on tools, planted sapplings don\'t grow that fast it at all (still waiting on my nursery to grow), water drops faster than food (watermelons and tomatos are your friends)."
76561198052243014,Recommended,324080,13569872,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PhyrePhlye,"Just to make things perfectly? clear: This is an early Alpha game. There are bugs - and bug fixes. Many things I'd like haven't been added yet. Things that are awkward haven't been tweaked yet. etc., etc., etc.,I like this kind of game. I enjoy finding odd glitches. I enjoy watching things get smoothed out over time. I enjoy being part of the development.If you enjoy this sort of extra-gaming challenge, then you've come to the right place. If you want a game that's finished and polished, please move on."
,Recommended,324080,16944303,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Asarin,"This game let my creativity run wild.-Destroy a moutain base to create a floting moutain.-Build a f*ing big castle.-Build an apartment is my current objective.-A village is my next project.-A big town maybe next.I reccommend if you want to create something. Not if you are just want to beat the game. This game has no actual goal, it's all up to your imagination. And that's why I like it."
76561198011620981,Recommended,324080,19173164,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Xartavion,"Excellent game thus far.There's a lot of content, and it's about 97% rock-solid, which is incredible for an Alpha.The developer does updates regularly, just about every week.When the updates come, one of the main goals is to make worlds forward-translate so people don't lose their work.If the worlds ever DON'T, any blueprints you've made of your structures DO carry through (and currently use no materials so you can rebuild and get back to exploration).There's a LOT of servers out there that are up and running 24 hours a day already.There are some handy tutorials in several languages (including English ones I've posted) up on YouTube.The Wikia is getting populated with lots of good information as well.Currently there aren't a lot of mobs that spawn, only one of which is hostile, so a great time to learn and get familiar with everything.The cave systems that generate with the world are very natural-feeling, winding and twisty and so easy to get disoriented while exploring.The whole world, while voxel-based, has a beautiful web of photo-realistic textures stretched across a framework that masks the voxels and smooths surfaces (mostly) into natural formations.The world, for lack of a better description, is stunning. Visually gorgeous.-----Very hard to come up with much in the way of criticism for a game at such an early stage. A few things I will mention:1. Currently, hitboxes for combat do odd things sometimes (ie. allowing you to be hit through walls or terrain).2. Sometimes it feels like there need to be faster tools for doing a job (ie. felling trees, mining).3. There are some resources (such as some of the ores) that currently have no crafting associated to them.4. When you die, your corpse posture is strange (standing with arms straight out). Also, his head flies up 3 blocks and floats.5. Blueprints do not clear trees when placing buildings, so you can wind up with trees THROUGH your structure.6. #5 leads to a few strange happenings with regard to trees through other surfaces, once you chop them down.7. Lighting glitches with torches/wall lights from time to time.8. Unable to pick up cooking surfaces or ore smelter, unlike most crafting stations.My suspicion is that all of these will be addressed before it ever makes it out of Beta, and I'm 99% sure that #2 and #3 will effectively take care of each other."
,Recommended,324080,28100982,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,A Meme Reborn,"There's not much to do besides building in this game, but that's enough for me."
76561198079416047,Recommended,324080,17446654,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Sternenschauer ヅ,"Rising World has A LOT of potential! Someday, it could be way better than Minecraft! But it's a long road to that...Anyway, the developer(s) are so friendly,especially Red, I could even talk to him about the game! You can't do this at many other games! Nice! But I would already recomend this game to everyone liking a realistic, beautiful graphik and also to people, which like to concentrate on the building factor, because right now, the survival factor isn't that big. But the game and it's content is growing rapidly! So don't hesitate, buy this game!"
76561198161064179,Recommended,324080,26739794,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Gabbivig,This game is amazing and basically the ultimate creative sandbox with an objective gameplay.
76561198211651747,Recommended,324080,17730272,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,dptlkenefick,"One of the best games I would have to say there is out there.  I really love the building, farming, mining  and hunting of the wild life.  If asked I would highly recommend this game....... 5 starts is not enough of a rating. i would give it 10 + stars."
76561198147943829,Recommended,324080,17638304,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Folivora,This game is what Minecraft didn't do feels HD good gameplay 10/10 would buy again
76561198122395491,Recommended,324080,18108390,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Puggington™,"Well first off, this is not a Minecraft Clone. In my opinion if the Developers had more resources like Minecraft, it coudl become a better game. Now im not going to tell you this is the best game ever, but it is one of the better games i have played. So buy it and see if u like it."
,Recommended,324080,13819434,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,OnceAndOnlyKing,"I bought this early access game during the holiday sale and have been playing practically non-stop since! I am 20 and am quite a big Minecraft fan, and this game, even in alpha, just brings this new feel to the open world sandbox survival genre. I'm hoping this game sees the progress that it deserves and recommend this to anyone looking for a good game to put time into."
76561197960986989,Recommended,324080,26183855,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,unknown,"I strongly recommend this game for people who love to build their own world. You can not only craft stuff, but manipulate the environment too, for example placing some trees to hide your hideout."
76561197993494233,Recommended,324080,13276335,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mr. Mass,"Shows a lot of promise!!If you're looking for the next-gen minecraft this is definatly worth a look! Already in Alpha it it has more to offer creatively than minecraft does. It looks amazing and has really cool digging/building physics. And it doesn't seem to be just a refurbished 7 days to die clone, as it might seem to be at first. This game triumphs 7Days already, and the alpha was released on steam this week! JIW-Games are going to score big time on this for sure!Pros:- Lots of building materials / items to create houses and destinct buildings.- Digging / mining is very intresting and makes caves super intresting to explore or dig yourself.- Terraforming is really well done, with minor improvements it could become the greatest creative tool for editing an allready stunning landscape- Uses seeds for random landscapes, just like minecraft, so you wont get boored by the same map every new game.- The developers really seems to take what the community recomends/suggests to heart, also being very active on the community forums.- REALLY lightweight, and performance is awesome, even for low-end PCs. Most computers would have no problem max'ing everything, very optimized!Cons:- There are ofcourse minor bugs, as to be expected for a game in this state. I personally haven't run into any yet, atleast none that didn't correct after a sec.- Some things are missing from the game at this point, like metals, food and water. altho there is some animals NPCs, but they are useless as of now. But then again, you can still craft all metall items without resources, and food and drink does not deplete, so in this state of the game, it really doesn't matter.- The gamemodes didn't have all to much of an effect on the game, but again, this is expected to change at a later date.There really isn't any cons for this game, as these issues will be worked out in the future.CONCLUSION:It's an awsome game, and I have no problem recommending it! But beware at this state, it isn't really a survival game YET. But it WILL become this at a later date. It shows a metric ton of promise, and I'm certain that this will be the gateway for many people into the survival games.Please support the developer and buy the game now, there isn't a doubt in my mind that this game will EXPLODE once released, and then you can feel good for actually supporting the development for an upcoming classic."
76561198009960007,Recommended,324080,13878080,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fodder123,"Hi.Since the end of last week I have spent so many hrs on this sim..One of the better ones I wust say! Totaly hooked all night and days..Just so bad...A few things are being a little twichy though..So many times while diging mines I end up in hot lava..Resporn god nows were never to find my Home again..Poor deal...No map as yet discoverd ither..its a very big world and no help in finding away bak home or to other areas?Like the play and the freedom to wonder and do a little building ect..Great to have a piano to chill out with.No Milk from animals as yet..Ahhh there is a little dog around the place never seen it as yet, Will hopfully have it as a pet :-)Keep it clean from zoombys and death by violence please there is no need for it in this sim..Or give us the option to play with it or with-out !A manual save I hope is forth coming too?A 9/10 for me. for You a must get I think!Have fun!"
,Recommended,324080,30862760,Posted: 31 March,all,Saazuka,"This game is absolutely beautiful and one of the best crafting games I've ever played. There's a wide array of things to make, blocks, block shapes, and tons of textures. The world itself is extremely vast and expansive with graphics that will run on my PC that is even a few years behind. Most games that I bought similar to this one at the same time as this game are really laggy on my PC and require me to turn down the graphics, but this one is completely smooth. It's still in development, so I can't wait to see what sort of things are put in the game next."
,Recommended,324080,17809512,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,River Tam,This is one of the best games I have played in years. The Dev are wonderful group of people who no matter what will help you when you have a  question or problem. This game is a hidden treasure that everyone should try and buy. So I am doing my part and telling everyone about this game.  On a rating of 1 to 10.  All thumbs up for a 10.  I can not wait for the next update which I am sure is going to make the game 100% better.  Which right now is really hard to do.
76561198007247067,Recommended,324080,25652835,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,trevor_454,One of the best building games I have come across. I play for hours building castles and its still in alpha. They very regularly update and add content and bug fixes. I cannot wait for the game to be finished.
76561198145808040,Recommended,324080,34805898,Posted: 7 September,all,Lord Sack,"For those of you who like to build for the sake of building and having a virtual BBQ, this game will be worth the moneyThe way I see it, the game at full price is $14.99. I'm at 58 hours of play time. That comes down to 26 cents per hour. That's a good deal as far as I'm concerned.Sure the dev takes their time with updating the game, but let me rephrase that statement as follows, The dev TAKES THEIR TIME with updating the game. So far all the updates to the game that I've seen have improved upon the game without introducting massive bugs. Not to mention that the game is gorgeous and the new textures added never feel rushed or out of place.In synopsis, Rising World cost me 26 cents per hour (so far) for a game that will continue to add FREE content."
,Recommended,324080,23199354,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,FireFox,"Wonderful Graphics. Animals look and behave like they should. stunning landscapes and massive range of building products that are not shown in the Video or images above... After running a mindcraft server for over 5years , we have swapped to Rising World, Our new server forwww.digitalbuilds.net.. remember its still in Alpha, But no real problems to date.. Yes I recommend this game"
,Recommended,324080,14205307,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Yakamato,"This game is still in earlie developmentDuring my travels in this game i found so much potential. It is a shame that this game is not in the spotline for good beta testers to help the developers getting this game to its perfect shape.That being said, this game offers you everything minecraft can offer, just in a more modern setting and not blocky.A smooth and nice experiance even during earlie access. Some good ammount of work left, but if you are a fan of survival games then this is a game you should keep your eyes open for."
76561198118166267,Recommended,324080,13798596,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,-Austin-,"of all the the building, survival, rpg games out there this is by far the cheapest, and best.  it might not have a ""ton"" of features yet but it has major potential!  im looking forward to lakes and just water in general...message me if you want to play if you already own it... if you dont own it, get it its worth it!"
76561198342393545,Recommended,324080,29999379,Posted: 17 February,all,ProfessorArvo,"Overall:So first of all, this game is GOOD.It's just good, not awesome, not great, just good.This is becuase it lacks good gameplay, content, and a large playerbase.Now, it could definetly become amazing, but it still needs lot's of work.It is a risky buisness buying Early Access games, becuase they are sometimesabandoned, the good news is, this one hasen't been, although updates are slow.Gamplay:Let's just get this straight, the gameplay is pretty bad when it comes to combat.You just click, although, they WILL be emplanting rangened weapons very soon.As in muskets and bows. They will also be adding custimizable players, withclothes(modern and medieval), hair, and facial hair. The crafting system isn'tsuper amaing either, although i do like it. It's more complex than Mincraft's, so that'sgood. Building is very, very good and pretty easy to use. Just basic Survival isn'tvery good, although thanks to the upcoming update, it will be improved greatly.Suvival vs. Creative:Right now, they are almost the exact same, the only difference is that you haveunlimited resorces, health, food, water, and you destroy everything in one hit.Crafting:First of all, i already said it isn't great, but that doesn't mean it's bad. The craftingin Survival is better, as you need to get supplies. The crafting Depth isn't super deep.There are lots of placable items, and very few unplacable (medical). Now there are 4or 5 differnt crafting stations, Workbench, Sawbench, Anvil, Blockbench, and advancedsawbench. The crafting itslef is okay, and there are lots of things to craft.Combat:It Sucks So Bad.Building:Building is the best part of the game, by far. It's complex, easy to use, and it looks great!There are over 200 items to place, and there are also Blocks, Slopes, Slabs, Curved Blocks, 2 differmt types of roof.So all in all:Gameplay 6/10Creative 8/10Survival 7/10Combat 0/10Crafting 7/10Building 9/10So i'd rate this a total 7.5/10.It is a building game, not an action game, so if you want a shooter, sorry.I would reccomend, as it is updated, not abandoned."
,Recommended,324080,15067981,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Achskelmos,"Wished I could put more than one thumbs up for this gameGraphics:imagine your running though a open field of grass. You keep running and you find a hill, so you run up the hill. At the top you find it drops sharply, you fall some but no damage done, so you keep running over each hill in your way. You see a small hill and as you run over it you find a hole, oh no, to deep you fall down into the darkness, you hear a crunch and now your dead. Oh dear.Spectacular graphics, rock looks real grass sways in the wind.Though having a good graphics card helps a lot with this.Hundreds of already installed textures to chose from. In may categories.Everything from sandstone to granite.Breaking rock is a bit slow, but then digging tunnels isn't very fast.Sound:sound is grand.But needs a bit of work, stone really shouldn't sound hollowever wanted to take a walk though a field of grass. Here's your chance, I just want to roll round in it but sadly its just a game.The only thing I can say about the sound is to work on the stone.Game play.To much to do, not enough time...Caution, if you don't mark where you built your home you can get lost. gotta love it.Build, build, build Build. Hope their is more to do later on. But if you like to build in a Simi-realistic environment then this is a game for you.over all, the game needs MUCH improvemnet and has a lot of room for expansion, which only means it can get better than it is now. cant wait to see what else they add next."
,Recommended,324080,16020640,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,⌖ PROmod ⌖™®,"YES ! Big thumbs up . this is a very good game and you should buy this now .is the best block building , digging , mine_ing ore  and creative game out there .start off in the wilderness , with a pick and  a axe .NOW BUILD YOUR WORLD. from old bricks to new bricks .to window frames and glass . metals and plaster and i wont for get the grass,tomato , carrots, apples trees and more pigs and bears and torches to explore .nurture the land and rake your lawn , hoe your field and plant a nursery to adore !if you like this peom HIT ME UP .  buy this game and GOOD LOOK !"
,Recommended,324080,13227337,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Rawsome83,"A very pretty looking sandbox game, with what seems like a procedurally generated world. Many people draw comparison to Minecraft, which is understandable.. Although I feel the crafting and building aspect is more like 7 Days to Die, since it's got a crafting menu not gridlike table, and it's using voxels for the world and not the classic blocks. The building however uses blocks, so you get the best of both worlds. You're not bound to blocks though as you can place stone and dirt however you want in a voxelbased way, allowing for more natural looking constructions and builds.There's a lot of crafting stations to build, and with them comes tons of furniture and components you can build. Like windows, glass panes, doors, frames, plank boards, beams. There's many possible tools for you to be creative in this game, and I'm sure there's gonna be a lot of screenshots of nice things people build. For such an early game, it's got a lot of things to keep you busy from the get-go.The game is a very early draft of the final product, of that I'm sure. But it's got heaps of potential, like so many other open worlds builders.. Let's just hope this one makes something from itself. Tough market for this type of game, since it's no longer a niche genre these days..I like it so far, and can see myself having a lot of fun with it once it get's more fleshed out. There are a few neat mechanics in this game, including a built in bukkit system (like Minecraft) in which you can chose which blocks or areas people can alter. Useful for preventing griefing and making sure things you've built stays unharmed. The feature isn't fully implemented yet I think, but I'm sure it'll be fully operational soon enough.There's also a feature in which allows you to import image files directly into the game as ""posters"" that you can place all over the world (on walls, on the ground and roof). I can only imagine what potential that has :PAll in all, it's a neat little game and I do recommend it for people who want this. You know who you are ;)Hard to give it a score so early on, but I can definitely approve it. Give it a try!"
76561198038226273,Recommended,324080,23215597,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Pine Tree,">Logged in to old world to show a friend>Found void gap (An area unable to be rendered) in the middle of my cave>Stepped in to void, got permanently stuck there.>Created new world.>Told friend how when I first played this game, in the first few minutes, I cut a tree down which♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a bear, who in turn decided to maul me>Proceed to show friend how game is played>Cut a tree down.>Tree falls on bear.>Angry bear chases me across map, while I yell ""NOT THIS SH*T AGAIN"", and mauls me.10/10 game. I need to chop down more trees.In all honesty, the game has a lot of potential to be an amazing sandbox, however, its infrequent updates are its biggest issue. Other than that, the crafting/smelting system is great, the assortment of decorative items are quite vast, the ability to edit the terrain using various tools makes the game almost endless in possibilities.Basically,Pros:- Vast assortment of items (A lot for an early access release)- Great crafting/smelting system- Wonderfully editable worldCons:- Infrequent updates- Graphics are mediocre"
,Recommended,324080,16297006,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,"While there are still a few glitches. I find this game to be fun, and engrossing. I know I only have a few hours on it, but I play it whenever I can. :)"
,Recommended,324080,13446460,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Turtle Haps. #Bort,"Disclaimer: Very Early Access build.Well this game is wonderful, i recently bought it and it's well worth it if you like games in the sandbox genre.The devs listens to the community and responds fast, which is really great.11/10 would buy again."
76561198056821569,Recommended,324080,13404213,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,W4K3UP,"This game...Is amazing...I build alot of cool rustic things with 3 friends and...Now we got a pretty cool village and i can tell you...You have to buy it if you like to build things,This is by far the best building game i've tried so far and we have to remind ourselves that it's not fully released...GOOD WORK."
76561198030437712,Recommended,324080,13883250,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,IMeantToDoThat,I'm really enjoying this and can't wait for some new content!
,Recommended,324080,24047414,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,strumcat,"Rising World is a lot of fun. Even though it's alpha it's pretty much fully playable. The only problem I ran into was fixed very quickly by the developers. Very reminiscent of Minecraft, but more realistic world and graphics. I'd recommend it."
76561198163226750,Recommended,324080,28328804,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SexyWiccan2014,Very fun and relaxing game and can't wait to see what they add next.
,Recommended,324080,26151424,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Vandare,"It's a fun game, very interesting crafting and resorce gathering. I like the way that you crafting GUI is, its almost like playing Minecraft with NEI (which I have spend a lot of time in tech modpacks). I haven't beaten the game yet, and quickly became very bored on singleplayer, so I personally think that the price of the game should be lowered, and a option to buy more than one copy of the game for a lower price, like this: One copy is 5.99$ USD, Two copies 9.99$ USD, Four copies 12.99 USD or something along those lines. Its an amazing game and they add update pretty regularly, so I would recommend this game to any casual gamer, hardcore kids might get bored fast on singleplayer like I did.8 watermelon out of 10."
76561198105528384,Recommended,324080,24205257,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JoeDart,"Looking forward to watching this game grow and develop further, if the devs keep at it could be an excellent survival game. Still a few kinks in its current state but still very fun building and exploring the caves. 10/10 would buy again"
76561198179395237,Recommended,324080,17724328,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,SlackShaw,"I know I have already given a bad review, but the fault was not the developers, it was my lack of computer knowlage. My Nvidia driver wasn't updating properly so I had to manually fix it.This game is absolutly awesome, I love everythinng about it. I dont have to worry about some stupid creature creeping up on me and exploding or a zombie horde coming every 7 days. Don't get me wrong I do enjoy survival horrors, but with this game I can just kick back take my time and relax, with farming, mining and building. Great job to the developers, can't wait to see the upcoming features and expand on a great game. 10/10 must buy."
,Recommended,324080,18348271,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Bi0hazard,"Love the Game, Love Crafting and such and this has Beautiful Graphics, There's a few issues I will notice in a List to give you an Idea of my main concerns.1) No Map, Make's it very hard to get around and Also will follow with #22) Leaving Camp Site area is not recommended, If you go too far you get lost and chances are, You won't find it again, I spent 30 Minute's just looking for my Camp Site.3) Building Shacks, Houses and such are very hard, Can never get a perfect fit I hope they fix that.4) Nothing Attack's you :/ I seen on the Guide Bear's will Attack so run! But I killed 3 Bear's and not a single one attacked me.5) Need's more building Options + Better Building GUI *Placement's and such*"
76561198058484849,Recommended,324080,18255064,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,rackham99,"I just bought the game a few days ago, and I can already say, it is a very well built game.  The emphasis of the game is on creative construction.  And the possibilities are endless.  If you enjoy building (with a little surviving aspect) either by yourself or with some friends, this is definitely the game to go with.  Personally, I was searching for a building/survival game to play with some friends.  I read a lot of reviews, and did a ton of research for Steam games and non-steam games.  And this is the one I purchased.  I am glad I did.  Here is a quick list of why I believe this game is above all the others:- It is in Alpha stage and yet it is stable (no crashes)- It is in Alpha stage and there is a ton of content- It is in Alpha stage and the graphics are fluid- It is in Alpha stage and movement and UI are smoothThese 4 things listed here, tell me that those designing and building this game are doing a great job.  Not only that, but this also tells me that this game will be expanding in the comming months.  And it will be expanding in a stable way.Other reasons why this game is awesome;- it gives the player amazing control over placement and selection including color choices.This is one thing that stands out with this game, I have played a few other building/survival games and this game, opens up so many more routes of creativity for the player.- the graphics are awesomeFor me graphics are a big thing.  So when a modern open world game is less than 1gig total size, I usually don't touch it.  But the vids on this game looked so good, and then when i tried for myself, I was amazed.  The graphcis are simple.... BUT yet, detailed in an amazing way.  They have done an outstanding job, keeping things simple, user controllable AND amazing looking.- you CAN dieThis was one of the first things I tested out.  How easy is it to die?  I found out that if you just build, you have nothing to worry about.  BUT if you want explore, and you come across a bear, you will die.  To me, that is a realistic game.  If I have to fight an angry grizzle bear, and all I have is an axe, I should lose.  AND because the game is still growing and developing, more and more animals are being added, both dangerous and skidish animals.  Perfect!!!It is a beautiful game, that comes with my full recomendation.  JIW team is doing a great Job on this game, and from what I have seen of their work, I give them my full support.  I am excited to see this game develop and grow."
,Recommended,324080,18014820,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Scott Ackerman,i like and if you like survival where you really gotta earn what you build you will love this too. my only complaints is i cant figure out when dev is going to make more and i have built dang near everything for my house. also weapons against wildlife does little to no damage meanwhile their damage is massive and will kill you in a few hits. but please dont let these features dissuade you. if you love survival this is your game.
76561198093023527,Recommended,324080,17498906,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Adamski20012,Awesome Game On a Totally differnet level then minecraft  makes minecraft look aweful compared to thisso much easier to setup a server as well great game in general i give 10/10
76561198052338054,Recommended,324080,18892862,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,padina1,its a cool game if youre into minecraft building you will diffently like this one!
76561198021396321,Recommended,324080,26207977,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,OzHawkeye,"There's the beginnings of a potentially great game here - and it's one well worth keeping on your watchlist if you're into this type of game (similar to Minecraft but with substantially better graphics).There isn't - yet - enough content I think to warrant purchasing it yet (not as a playable game anyway), unless you're keen to support the developers and promote further progress (which was why I bought it).Another year of development perhaps, and there might be enough to make this a fun, and potentially even great, game."
76561198127472116,Recommended,324080,13987639,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,XThatOneGuyX,"OK so first of all those who like minecraft or games similar... Will definately Like this... Yeah right now sometimes when it loads... weapons, tools and houses youve created sometimes are just black... But reloading the game sometimes fixes it... You have to take into account that it is in Alpha.. and just with what they allow right now.. this game has alot of potential. I cant wait to see what other animals they are going to add and what type of enemies, monsters, or feral animals they may add... Its gonna be a fun and exciting game. even though right now 13 bucks seems a bit much for where its at... but i would rather pay that now and help with development than may 20-40 later when its almost done... this game will be worth it. I recommend it. Some people may wanna wait but if your patient and wanna learn some of the game before the deadly things are added. its still fun with just where its at."
76561197983515598,Recommended,324080,14038652,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Consul Gremblo,"15 hours in, I definitely see this game has a lot of potential.I'm really looking forward to the new biomes and especially dungeons.  I appreciate the high resolution textures and modern shaders, dynamic lighting, already-massive map sizes without actually being infinite, and the availability of multiple block shapes to lend more depth to your creations.Another feature that Rising World has over other similar games is the fact that besides building blocks, nothing else is restricted to a grid, so you can make really complex and dense creations that would just not possible on a 1m x 1m grid.I have a feeling that further along in development, this game will give me that feeling of wonder again that I had back in 2010, playing another particular popular block-based sandbox game for the first time that I hear is somewhat popular now..."
,Recommended,324080,14186910,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jimbo566,wished it was more like the sims when it comes to building but still one cool laid back game!
,Recommended,324080,16310221,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,chanceisawesomest,Wow guys two thumbs up! I am pleased to say this game is a complete success! Please hurry with the armor and equiptment updates! You should also figure out a skin customization platform! I hope more updates come soon! I am now a daily player!
76561198137527799,Recommended,324080,18587985,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,David Reynolds,"This game is brilliant, buy it!I genuinely think this game can out-do minecraft if the developers are hard-working, which they seem to be =]  I cant wait for future updates! :DP.S get this game ;)"
,Recommended,324080,33092213,Posted: 1 July,all,luigimcloud,"It's a fun building game, but it needs a lot of more stuff. More vehicles, really good character customization, more items, more biomes, more animals, minecarts and trains, more plants, and water needs to have gravity."
76561198214783705,Recommended,324080,32023757,Posted: 28 May,all,one_dead_rabbit,"i love this game , its brilliant"
76561198077823613,Recommended,324080,16222127,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,EZ BUY MEME,"I have played the game for at bit now. i think that it is a good and fun game.pros:- crafting is not hard to understand.- there is a good amout of trees and plants so you are not going to run out of them.- caves are awesome big and scary.- mining is great.- alot of decoration so your home isen't boring.- it is smoothe and is running nice.Cons:- the survial part is to easy.- when you die there is no body whit your loot (or if there is a body when you die, i didn't finde mine xD).ideers to the game:- water lakes or oceans.- caves have lakes in them so they don't just stop (it also gives it a new way to explore a cave).- cups and bottles.- horses that you can ride.it is defently worth to buy it is a 10/10 game"
76561198014376384,Recommended,324080,23007629,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,WATG,"Okay, several thoughts on this game... The synopsis being that the survival mode is pretty bad, but creative is fantastic.If you're looking into it and excited about the survial mode, don't do it. Honestly, the survival mode is lousy. I spent 45 minutes doing nothing but mining in caves and never found a single bit of iron ore which you need for vairous tools, like the scythe. Which you NEED. Why? The grass in this game is so inexplicably long you can't hardly tell what you're doing unless you cut it down. I can't tell you how many trees I lost after cutting them down and cutting them up because I couldn't see them in the grass. It doesn't add to the game in any way. Also, the lighting effects from torches when you're trying to mine in caves or at night time is a pain. They turn everything a nasty yellow tint where even if you do run across ores you wouldn't know it.However, if you are looking into this game for the creative mode (where you still have to deal with the stupid grass but can at least easily clear it) then I'd say go for it! The construction in this game is incredible and the amount of customization you have is just crazy. I've seen some insane screenshots of things people have made."
76561197967293626,Recommended,324080,13536075,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,mrkrynge,"I would recommend this game.  Even though it is still in Alpha, it has huge potential to be a great game.  Really enjoy how easy it is to build and really your limitation is your imagination.   If anyone is tired of Minecraft, and wants to try something new, then this at this point seems like a sound choice. Really looking forward to seeing how they are going to implement planting trees, ores, and farming.  Very exciting."
76561197974801108,Recommended,324080,13797002,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,prpchsr105,"I have to admit, I was VERY nervous about buying Rising World.  I played the heck out of 7DTD, from alpha 3 until 9 and loved every moment.  Taking some time off I decided to see what my nephew and 90% of the gaming channels on YouTube were abuzz about, Minecraft.  I think I played a total of 6 hours in creative and another 10 hours on a server.  I almost puked after each session.  The blurry textures (even with add on mods improving them) made it hard to look at.  Towel thrown in.  I stumbled upon this after researching Life is Fuedal and thought this could be a good alternative.  Then I saw on the front page it was ALPHA.  I have been burned by alpha games over the last year.  Between Rust, Nether (I know they are different from RW) and other games (looking at you Landmark) I have had my fair share of buyers remorse.  I decided to reach out to the Rising World community to ask a few questions.  Surprisingly the community was friendly and willing to answer questions respectfully.  Another nice surprise....the dev team responded to some of my questions as well and did so within minutes of posting the questions.Review: For Alpha 0.5.1.4Graphics:  8/10 Some weird glitches and tearing.  Character looks like Voldemort (as stated from another post).  There are already a HUGE library of tool, weapons, blocks and decor.Sound: 5/10 Sounds like the outdoors.  Birds chirp and bugs buzz but there is no music.UI: 9/10 Very simple and spartan.  I was already used to controls and on screen commands in 5 minutes.Stability: 7/10  I ran into a memory leak and crashed during my first play through.  After that no further issue.  There is some lag even with a fairly decent computer but it is alpha and engine will be tuned in the future.Overall:  8/10 I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to relax and just build.  This game is designed with gamers who find gaming to be relaxing and just want to use their imagination.  Add in future Workshop support, patches that are dropped every week or so, devs that respond quickly and servers that SO FAR are stable and you have a game that is a WINNER."
76561198006045344,Recommended,324080,14648691,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CrissaRobin,"One of  the most beautiful and playable games Ive ever experienced. If you EVER enjoyed Minecraft,SurvivalCraft,Terraria.....do yourself a HUGE favor and try Risi ng World. Its only going to get better !!!"
76561198171048697,Recommended,324080,26241634,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Alice Pieszecki,"This game is a baby. It has a lot of potential.This game is pretty much crafting-focused; that mechanic is fairly rudimentary since this game is so young. You have to keep your character sated and hydrated but an element of real danger isn't there. This is nice if you're looking for a nice, introspective crafting-exploration experience. You might think of it as a 3D Terraria, except you're not spending nights trying to fortify yourself against zombies the entire time.If you've played survival sandbox games like The Long Dark, you know how much aimless wandering there is. In this game there is lots of it, except you don't really have to worry about dying of cold exposure or getting mauled by wolves so it's much less stressful. You just kinda do your thing, mine some ore, pick some potatoes and call it a day.This game is still in its early days. It can get boring, but it gets regular updates from the devs, who seem fairly (?) responsive to player feedback. If you're on the fence about this one, get it on sale and see what you think."
76561198066395412,Recommended,324080,31936818,Posted: 24 May,all,Godith Shadowind,"I love this game way more than I thought I would. Yes it's basically minecraft, but the graphics aren't the only thing that's different. All the crafting and gameplay is more realistic and in-depth, without being difficult to learn. I haven't had to use a wiki at all, and I'm having a lot of fun figuring things out and exploring the different biomes. I can't wait for them to add more content and fix some of the awkward alpha stuff, this game is gonna be so good!"
,Recommended,324080,14381151,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,xraygamer,I purchase this game 24 hours ago i have to say this game is always great auido and grahpics great controls with keyboard and mouse does not support xbox one contoller i had to manually config it to work with xpadder software but the buidling cutting walking is always endenss game. The only issue i have seen is when you cut down cetrain tress maybe on or them with stand back upand swing back and forth once i cut it quits thats a glitch. buy this game is not wait it's a beta realease well worth the price.I love to seetransportationelectronicsweather changes like rain fog thunder stormswater hole for drinking instead of using food all the time for hunger and more buiding materails
,Recommended,324080,31241072,Posted: 19 April,all,ZachTheNebula,"It's a good game as for the building aspect, the game does need to be optimized to perform better(tried multiple high end systems). The community is nice and helpful and for only one guy making this, i'm impressed."
,Recommended,324080,21088917,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,🐨Skankhunt42🐨,I would love to leave a neutral review but we cannot do so.  If you are interested this game is worth trying out but in its current state there is very little to do.  There are a few bugs but nothing game breaking.  There are tons of potential and tons of things you can build currently but if you are looking for that survival aspect of this game its just not there yet.  I was able to spend a little over 7 hours in game but nothing to keep me interested in it for much longer.+Graphics and performance were pretty good for early access.+lots of building choices+HUGE potential-few wildlife and not much danger-no water (really not a huge deal but should probably be there at this point)-limited gameplay (as of right now)
,Recommended,324080,14799799,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ChocolateGodzilla,"Rising Wolrd, Rising to the top!I have gotten tired of a certain mining and crafting game and was Itching for a more serious but extremley well made, enhanced graphics, physics and gameplay, sort of game, This is seriously on the verge of scratching that itch. Well worth investing your bucks into the future of this game.So far I have had only very minor settings issues, everything else in this game is a delight from the lovely landscapes to the dark and very deep caves!This is shaping up to be my new favourite building/crafting game."
76561198051174175,Recommended,324080,13533463,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,guydunigo,"I only tested a few minutes, it seems great and beautiful, (even if my computer has low spec) . Meanwhile, I'm playing with a french keyboard, so i changed the settings so that forward is the key 'z' but when i press it, it zooms and go forward and there is no settings about zooming. It isn't easy to wander then."
,Recommended,324080,15620327,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Repix,"This is an early access, so i always expect these games to be a money grab and then they leave, but i wanted to check this one out.Nice lighting for an Alpha game!Nice chunk system.Fully re-bindable controls (in an early access? yea right) no joke!Nice amount of settings (would of course love to see more settings)Of course it has its fair share of glitches and bugs, but it's an early access.I'm not gonna give it any cons here, it's an alpha..."
,Recommended,324080,13658676,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Firedingo,"The game might be early access alpha but it's pretty good. From the start the game takes advantage of the intuitive key mappings that Minecraft has introduced many people to but also many other games. The first thing you will think is realistic minecraft but the game has so much potential to be more than that.The learning curve isn't bad when getting going. Checking out the controls is a good idea. Once you get the hang of moving, using tools and gathering you're pretty much all set to go. I found jumping wasn't great personally. I thought a little higher might be nice.The fact that their is so much content and choice even though it's mostly aesthetic at the moment in the game, for a early access alpha game it's great. There's coutless different blocks, items, furniture etc. Some have recipes, some don't but they're all amazing and yet you can play with them none the less.The big issues is if you have 2 graphics cards the game tends to only see one. In my case my chipset and not my actual card which would cause the game to crash. Most people found from my research they could force one card to run the game over another which fixed their problems, in my case it didn't work. I had to actually plug a 2nd monitor in and set it as my primary in order to force the game to run with that graphics card but then it was as easy as dragging the game to my laptop screen.All in all it's a great game with lots of potential, oh and the support I got from their offical forums was great also. I say if you wanna support the game and it looks pretty interesting to you now then give this game a purchase because I promise you won't be disappointed.26/2/16 - Game still amazing, I found the game seems to detect my card and use it rather than the built-in graphics on my new laptop meaning my previous issue is no longer a problem on my new computer. Still recommend. Also been more changes since then. Many animals and biomes as well as farming, crafting, mining, survival vs creative mode. Hostile mobs and passive ones and there's still more content planned."
76561198141669303,Recommended,324080,25089365,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Divine,"It`s a great game, with a great potential.Pros:-Is fun-Has Potential-Multiplayer is good-Lots of block types-Great for buildingCons:-There`s still not enough content in the game.-You`re banned on multiplayer for no reason from time to time."
76561198036600747,Recommended,324080,33765462,Posted: 24 July,all,Luftwaffles,"if you enjoy a game where you can let your creativity run wild buy this game. iam going to review the building portion that makes up most of the game (at the moment).if you enjoyed minecraft for its building possibilities you will love rising world. the building mechanics are far mor i depth and superiour to minecraft although i dont really like to compare the 2 as they are 2 different games. the building both games share makes it for a good comparison though.rising world has interactive workstations and there are alot of them for you to use..feel like rebuilding the notre dame? go for it. the tools are all there. from blocks to planks,beams furniture its all there. there are some great tools you can make to terraform the landscape to your liking. in fact in creativity mode rising world has a great terraform editor while still ingame at your disposal. i have spend about 8 hours yesterday carving out a nice idyllic mountain area with lakes,hidden caves for my new medieval village.or want to go more modern with a stylish new house,apartment or townhall. rising world allows you both medieval and modern buildstyles.the game has a functioning multiplayer part with quite a few hosted servers but not many players. that is probably due to the adventure part of the game not being implemented yet.the development team is small though, despite its age already and staying in alpha stage for quite some time the devs put out updates as they make them. by no means is this game abandoned although it might seem so to you due to its age.all in all, if you like building games,get rising world it will not dissapoint i promise you that.especially for the price.if you look for a game where you want to focus more on the adventure side of things you might want to wait with your purchase.but id suggest to follow rising world."
,Recommended,324080,13444257,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,garlotch,Absolutely wonderful! I reccomend this 110% to anyone!!
,Recommended,324080,24945076,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SaltwaterHeart,"Read a bunch of reviews on this game and watched a Let's Play. Decided to give it a try. The graphics are fantastic and it doesn't even take up that much space! Minecraft is much bigger. I love how realistic EVERYTHING is. So much detail. You don't just form blocks or dig squares, you dig jagged, realistic holes and build nearly anything! You can build a house or a business of some sort, and be able to completely furnish it. This is amazing."
76561198006591585,Recommended,324080,13555827,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chief Zuma,"It's a really early early access game but so far I'm not dissapointed, which is more than I can say for a lot of early access titles. There are some glitches and bugs and things that need to be ironed out and improved but I like the basic formula, the graphics and the level of detail that already exists. Assuming the developers don't just bail on this game like some early access ones do, there is no reason that Rising World shouldn't have a very bright future indeed."
,Recommended,324080,13426316,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Myrmidon_Achilles,"Although I have yet to play even an hour within the game I would recommend. In it's current state it's very basic, but what would you expect for an Early Access game that released a couple weeks ago? If you're looking to buy a game and jump in to have hours of fun then this isn't it...yet. However simply purchasing to support development is more than justified. Give it a few months and this will easily be one of the better survival/crafting games out there.List of current and planned features. Though I will say that there a currently 3 animals in game (cows, pigs and goats that I know of) however there is no inventory for when you kill them so it's more eye candy than anything."
76561198004360403,Not Recommended,324080,21235624,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,puffy_jr_kfan,"I feel like this game might someday be great, but in it's current state, there is just not much to do. There is no real danger, it's extremely laggy and crash-prone (yes, I am aware it is early access), and it just seems kind of ""blah"". Maybe if you are obsessed with Minecraft and want something with prettier graphics, this might work for you. But for now, this is a ""refund"""
76561198089715696,Not Recommended,324080,30662845,Posted: 21 March,all,Celtic_Wolf,buggy and also a pretty boring game honestly it has a lot of potential but needs a lot more features to make it more enjoyable
,Recommended,324080,13628145,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CHRG|MindLeak,Day 1] Cut down a tree.Day 2] Made a underground house.Day 3] Glitched under the map. Explored.Day 4] Fell off of the map and landed on a cave.Day 5] Got into the cave I found and tried mining up.Day 6] Still mining to the surface of the world.Day 7] Fell throught the map again and died.Day 8] Game crashed and lost all progress.11/10 IGN: best game ever most realistic.
,Recommended,324080,18135037,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Digitalwrangler,"This Game has the potential to be one of my favorites. The progress is disappointingly slow at times. rumor has it that this is due to rather small development team.  if they keep it up it will eventually be an incredible smooth-textured diversion that could very well become a 'minecraft killer'.  Though if progress slows much more, it will be difficult to convince anyone that it was an original idea upon conception, as there are similar games being made right now which could easily surpass the beta or final realease date. I do recommend this, and it is pretty and unique, however it does require patience at this point."
,Recommended,324080,18181544,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Die Screaming,"Really like this game. When im not blastin zombies and trying to defend my base in ""7DTD"" , avoiding other players and radiation in ""rust"" or fighting for my life in ""The Forest"" ect..... It's nice to play a laid back survival builder. This game is kinda like minecraft but with way better graphiccs. Game has endless possibilities. still needs some work but for alpha this is some pretty cool stuff."
,Recommended,324080,29250281,Posted: 14 January,all,Dead girls don't say no,:)
76561198154769085,Recommended,324080,21900595,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,1920´s Gangster Squirrel,"This game is good, since the last updates it is much better than before.But there is much unused potential left. Keep programming this because like it really much."
,Recommended,324080,18339828,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Roasted Bunny,Wow! This game is just like Minecraft but more realistic!
76561198171769927,Recommended,324080,27371536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NordicWinter,"Cool game, i love to see what else will come for this game"
,Recommended,324080,26141760,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Dislesxic Dinosaur,"nice game to play sick mechanic just wish that the ability to no clip wasnt on every world as i cant control myself, also dont fight wild animals that will eff you up"
,Recommended,324080,27997028,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,timvet4thid,Well just wanted to say I love this game and where it is heading.  I really have not had any bugs that I have noticed.  But really like the concept and where the game is heading.  Deff a good buy!
76561198089512820,Recommended,324080,24560646,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,♕Owen♕,"This game is wonderful! Its very smoothly running on my AMD HD Radeon 7570 1gb gddr5. It could use alot more items to craft and make and more modern things, but other than that i highly recomend getting this game! The devs are wonderful and every server is so peacful! This game is just great! I totaly recomend it!"
,Recommended,324080,26148495,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Genderfluid teletubbie,"the devs dosent seem to do much with the game and verry few are playing it. you can randomly die for no rason and there is no way to get yuor items back (a real pain after a 1/2 hour mining run). i know this is an apha but looks like not much have been done over the ""long"" time the game had been for sale. however it a fun and relaxing game if you have a bug free sesh.  hpoing devs fiks their game asap"
76561198049197475,Recommended,324080,27526509,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Portal Builder,"Until I saw Rising World on Steam, I didn't know it existed.  But upon seeing it, I knew I wanted it.  The specs were right, so I bought it.  I've been playing on a daily basis ever since.  The game is still in Alpha, and the developers are open to suggestions.  The sky's the limit for this game.  For those who don't know, Rising World is a sandbox game where you can build and destroy anything.  I love it because it gives me a new perspective on construction and an impressive eye for detail in the environment.  It's fun and relaxing at the same time.  I highly recommend this game, and remember: It's in Alpha.  The price will only go up when it's out of Alpha and Beta.  Look at Minecraft."
76561197971948887,Recommended,324080,24268376,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ronarprfct,This game beats the stuffing out of other sandbox games.  If you like those but wish they were more realistic then you should definitely get this game--especially while it is still so cheap.  You can craft truly realistic objects--even build a modern house.  This game is awesome and more than worth 15 dollars.
76561198079345105,Recommended,324080,16282597,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Killer,"This is a amazing sandbox mining/crafting game. Great visuals and wonderful immersion while your playing. Tools are very realstic. Not going too lie, I am new to it but have a little experience and it does need some updates currently other than food and water the only danger is really a bear or moose. Otherwhise really worth it. Especially fun even though its just beta."
76561198069403773,Recommended,324080,16282768,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Tegwin,"I really enjoy this game, hard to get going at first, it's different from Minecraft (I enjoy this so much more) I love how the caves look like caves, how you can build into a mountian and it's not just blocky and boring.This IS a early access game, there is bugs, there is missing stuff, but I give this game a 9/10 currently, I'm having issues runnin on my Nvidia card, and talking wth a DEV about it tryng to figure it out, when I can run on NVIDIA then it'll be a 10/10 game in my eyes.Highly reccomend, It is lots of fun.Also, you can die, pick up fruit, and what not on the ground with F, then eat with right mouse haha"
76561198015752245,Recommended,324080,16284363,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,AK Night Hawk,This game is awesome! Much better then minecraft in many ways. I love the worlds it creates. And mineing is great. The game itself is very fun and addicting. There are some minor bugs but nothing so far to be game breaking.Online multiplayer runs quite smoothly. This game has so much potental that when it is finally finished it will more thenlikely blow mincraft out of the water.I highly reconmend this game to any one whom wants a minecraft like game world. But much better (Non blocky) graphics.Please support the devs and get this game. It is worth it!! :D
76561198113007291,Recommended,324080,27740513,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DaBoiye,"I have been playing this game for awhile and decided to write a proper review. This game is a multi-faceted game, with something in it for everyone!SurvivalThe survival aspect is really well done, and will be expanded incredibly with the next update. But instead of a running-for-your-life survival, in Rising World survival is more of a economical survival. To begin, you must first find a place to live. A open raised area near nice terrain and a source of water is ideal. Then, you want to get a nice supply of wood. But be careful, there are bears and boars in the woods! Also be careful of mooses...meese...moosesesisiz...whatever, they don't take kindly to animal abuse! Also, while sticks and stones won't break your bones, jumping off a cliff or tumbling down a hill definitely will! The survival aspect stays throughout the game. Once you have your garden growing lots of yummy things and a leather pouch of water for longer expeditions, the survival aspect comes from keeping your supply of building materials going. Which takes us to my favorite aspect...BuildingThe building capability of this game is incredible! Just go to the community hub and find the screenshots. I have logged over 600hrs of mostly building, and i still feel like i have only begun to grasp the construction system. It isn't that the system is difficult, since complete beginners can build nice house. But as you learn to use planks and beams, you discover more and more techniques and tools, to make impossible-seeming builds.CommunityThe Rising World community is awesome! It is made up of mainly mature people who love the game and are very dedicated to seeing it succeed. And that brings us to the best and most unique part of the game...red51The developer of this game is very dedicated to the game, and does it right! Some people complain about the seeming slow update rate of the game, it is because red51 takes time to build all the aspects from scratch. While other games grab ill-fitting stock models, red puts effort into it so when the game is done, it will beDONE. He is also very helpful for solving all issues and bugs. And he listens to all the community suggestions and decides which ones to implement.All-in-all, Rising World is a awesome game with a very bright future, and i hope you will enjoy it!"
76561198040015688,Recommended,324080,13915069,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,HeartOfGold,"This game is truely outstanding. It's Alpha, sure, but you can see that alot of time and work has gone into this. I really hope the developer keeps with it- this game is just amazing."
76561197998180983,Recommended,324080,15340743,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,>Str@nge ♥,"Im totally fascinated with Rising World since 1st second i've  played it.  You have the possibility to create houses, buildings and things you have ever imagined to create, By using the modulare construction you can  discover new ways to finish your buildings.Be aware this game is in alpha version right now.  I had never been thrown out off the game, never had any faults.Survival mode not  finished yet, but you can build, create and try such other things.  I  recommend to buythis game, for me the best one i've played recently. :)"
76561198334805092,Recommended,324080,35502010,Posted: 5 October,all,Blank Panther,Awesome game cant wait for the update
76561198059408076,Recommended,324080,29303521,Posted: 16 January,all,violet6008,"I haven't played this game too much yet, but I definitely enjoy it.Single player gets a bit boring if you're not into build-your-own-world things, especially on survival mode.Multiplayer is much better because of other players' contribution, the servers actually feel more lived-in. I also like their approach most of the time, judging from the chat.Pros - almost everything! There's much to be added, yeah, but the devs don't slack off. For early stages of the game, it's already very good.Cons - sometimes it's hard to pick the right item in inventory. Lighting could be tweaked a little bit, maybe. These two don't break the game, though. And, water - I'd very much like for it to follow rules of gravity at least a little, when it comes to digging a canal from a spring. Still, not a big deal."
,Recommended,324080,13246240,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Bartender,"EDIT: Id like to make a note about my view of the game as of now. While there are some issues that need to be addressed in the game, I want to say that I do not hate it. And that infact i see this game having great potential to grow! This can and i suspect will be an awesome game, but there are some issues that need to be fixed.This game is going to need a lot of work as of right now.1. IP addresses play a role in that if you are to switch to a new router or IP address, the game will no longer recognize the original character you played on for say your single player servers. You wont be able to access your console commands with switching.2. This version of the game is only applicable to this and this only. If you were to say want to download the game separately from steam, on their websiterising-world.netthen you would not be able to play the game as it says you wouldnt have purchased it. as the developers stated you cannot link your steam account to your JWGames account.EDIT: this is more due to steam-to-standalone issues but i am sure will be corrected in time3. setting up servers is also complicated in single player options unfortunately. If you were to say use the dedicated server and run your game, you risk a reset of your single player worlds as the game would then recognize two types of the game, one as the server, and one as you playing.4. in the game itself there are a few unusual bugs such as animals flying in the air. If you were to explore say, a cave, you will probably see some animals up by the ceiling which is unusual.5. Not all of the buttons in the start up menu seem to be working either. accessing the Community button or Profile button does not work at all which would probably help fix some of the client issues.EDIT: also just hasnt been implemented yet. so it should come in time."
76561197981459992,Recommended,324080,13508623,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ZaCormyr,"I know it's been said before. But this game really is what Minecraft should have been. I've played for about 4.5 hours and can't wait until the next major update to see what they will release!The terraforming in this game is crazy good. You can even sculpt with dirt and stone if you like, but it looks natural.Very early alpha so many features yet to come. But you can mine, explore, and build a lot! Seriously, just take a quick look at the list of features, and planned features, just try to NOT be excited by this game:https://www.rising-world.net/en/page/more/features.htmlEdit:I now have about 15 hours in game and continue to have fun with this game. I've been active on the forums and the devs are answering as best they can. They are there with us and are part of the community. Even though there is only one person working on the code and game itself mostly, updates have been coming out pretty consistently. I still cannot wait for the final product!! New animals just came out recently and hunger is coming soon. From there we might see monsters of some sort.It is a great builder. You can do some epic builds with this game, just check the screens here on steam. From like medieval stuff to modern. Or just live in a cave which you've sculpted just the way you want. Dig down or explore large cave systems to find a home deep, I mean deep underground.. by the lava if you like!!  Still recommended."
76561198201517030,Recommended,324080,22664097,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,nepthauler,"I love this game, it easy to pick up where you left off, it tons of fun and so versitile. If you like building games this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,324080,13952566,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Beanbag37,"I'ts ok, but it certainly needs alot of work, even for an alpha. I've died twice for no reason and lost everything. Graphics aren't bad. Should be able to save the game or at lease respawn to where your base is. Would be good if you didn't lose your equipment after you have died.. This game does have a lot of potential and I'm sure that will show in later updates. Unfortunately the terrain is all too similar and boring (from what i've explored). I think a few rivers/lakes, buildings and scattered junk/debris could be added. Should be able to loot from dead animals and even have some animals attack, just to make it a bit more interesting. Looking forward to more patches/fixes that will make this game alot more enjoyable and playable. Is it worth the $19 (Au) I paid for it?, probably not at this stage but I'm sure when it exits the alpha stage it will be worth every penny."
,Recommended,324080,13961596,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,{ICE*MAN},Fun game played for a few minute's due to me falling out of the map here and there but other then that its a very fun game enjoyed it to me it doesn't beat mincraft yet probably later in the future it will once it comes out of alpha i expect lots of good things to come in this game minecraft is a 9 1/2  for me and this game is in the 8 1/2 fix the falling out of world problem and it should go up a level and hopefully in the future it will have mod's like minecraft if it does then its going over 20 1/2.other then that a very very very fun gamewould recommend to those minecraft lover's that love to install shader's mod tho it wont look alike but it will give you the same feel
76561198344921251,Recommended,324080,29443037,Posted: 23 January,all,ZephyrShy,"Pretty basic and good looking, almost as if Minecraft had smooth terrain and nice graphics with some good sounds. 8.7/10, there needs to be more of a survival spect in my opinion but afterall pretty enjoyable <3"
76561198000294991,Recommended,324080,18413535,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,joshjsb7,love the game. can get lost in it for hours.
,Recommended,324080,20278796,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CinderAnt,"For the small amount of time I've played this game, I have quickly fallen in love.For an alpha game, this is simply amazing.Some things are a little buggy, but other than that I would definetely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a classic survival game.Multiplayer is a bit lacking but it wont kill me."
76561198251229398,Recommended,324080,29026276,Posted: 4 January,all,Pio,"I got bored of Minecraft a long time ago, but this game is different. The graphics are very nice, the music is nice, and multiplayer is very fun when you play with friends. There are many different types of blocks in this game and details you can put in your house. A fricin vent ffs"
,Recommended,324080,18092320,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Holasoy,"Great game even in its current stage, cant wait for more updates."
,Recommended,324080,26723595,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Chrisbot,"Rising World is a lot of fun. It has lots of block variations, tools and crafting tables which keeps building interesting. It runs on all workstation platforms so I can play with all my friends. As a tired Minecraft player, I dreampt of such a  game as this. If you like modding, you'll enjoy Lua scripting. If you like running game servers, you'll love this one."
,Recommended,324080,16355210,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,rootshelled,"Now this is an early access review so some things might change.quicky:pros:Decent graphics for early access gameInteresting crafting systemno zombies (it's been done to death by now)It looks like it will have modsupport in the future ( which will be awesome)Developers seem to be very active with updating it but also helping out players.cons:horrible framerate on Linux (though my personal experience)Has still a long way to go till a finally release (plenty of bugs)Should you get this game?Depends, do you want a minecraft ""clone"" done right and with a bit more realistic graphics and somewhat realism then yes. You might even want to try out the Early access it is buggy yet still enjoyable.If you are not looking for such things, then maybe when the game is ""finished"" you might want to take a quick look but you might not like it so much."
,Recommended,324080,20419155,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ragnar,"Despite being an alpha version at the moment of speaking, this game is awesome with good graphics and easy gameplay. So far i've encountered just a few minor bugs which is something normal and i'm sure with the new updates coming soon everything will be fixed. You should get this game, it's fun."
76561198138179931,Recommended,324080,13880076,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Blue,"I have been playing Rising world for about 15 hrs, It  is going to be a great game when it is done. I would tell you to buy it if you what some thing better then minecraft. The game has some things they need to work on but you can make round pillers and do a ton of great building. I will give a 4 stars for this game. I am so glad I got it.You also can make wood plakes.When I did this review I did not  know that I would all most put about 400hr into the game, so far the game has just got better over time and now I found out there is just 1 person making Rising world, I have to say great work to Red 51."
76561198110095394,Recommended,324080,28962200,Posted: 2 January,all,VonWeller,"I love this game n the developer, almost each month, there will be new content added."
76561198087012241,Recommended,324080,13834272,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AnimalMother,"I had some issues at first and thats to be expected in an early alpha game, but the devs are very friendly and eager to help with these issues. Its a great game. This is what rust should have been. Lots of unique features. Just make sure you have a torch before wandering into caves. I look forward to the adancement of this game!"
,Recommended,324080,13873846,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mickeyjay88,"Here goes my first review. I play alot of Steam games, my main focus is Sandbox/Free Roam games. Now I absolutely love Minecraft! And this game reminds me alot of it, buidling, freeroam, do as you please sort of game.... I give this game a 9/10 for the following reasons.Now I've seen alot of bad reviews of this game and can't see why, the game is in very early stages. But that's what I like, the simplicity. For those who don't like that shouldn't be buying games in the Early Acess area of Steam, the people wanted the game and the devs wanted to release the game, enough said. But I'm going to say more, the game is just fun to play, in the last two days I've had the game I was able to create an amazing mine site sort of THING. It didn't take me weeks like some projects would with other building games, like MC. (Sorry MC I love you but... R-W is sooo much easier) Collecting resources is sooo easy, mainly because the game is not complete, or anywhere near complete. But to be honest I'm not looking forward to it's completion I like the game the way it is now and I hope the devs continue on this path, good luck to the devs and happy new year!I give this game a 9/10 for the following reasons."
76561198039689500,Recommended,324080,13801812,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,WolfBard,"The thing about Early Access, it's a gamble.  That said, I like the odds on this one.  When I installed it, the Java download was frustrating; the latest patch fixed that issue.  As with any Early Access/Alpha, don't expect a smooth, shiny finished product.  This just came out last month, and had a holiday season to get through.At the moment (1/3/15) the game is pretty much crafting and building.  Survival elements such as hunger and thirst are not yet implemented.  I have yet to even notice anything resembling a water source.  Raw materials are two basics: stone and wood.  If you're worried that means you can't make metal for tools, that is not so, it's just currently ""free"" to craft something that would usually be built from metal.That being said, the range of block textures is amazing already.  You can select textures even for the wood on each of the workbenches.  I've been able to build paths by making a rake and just clearing grass to the dirt, just as I've also been levelling off areas for my buildings/base camp.If you want a quick intro to familiarize yourself, this thread from the game's forums is an excellent start:https://forum.rising-world.net/index.php/Thread/12-First-steps/All in all, I hope this can be a pleasant addition to the voxel/crafting genre that's been picking up, and I certainly recommend this game for its potential - at the very least this is one to keep an eye on."
76561198280429787,Recommended,324080,23655626,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,kerr.bemerson,Very nice game. It's grown alot since it first came out. I think they should add a bit more features and put updates in a bit more. game runs smoothly but you have to adjust graphics. Rising World is a Rising World.
,Recommended,324080,29405187,Posted: 21 January,all,ɮƦعѦҚ  ϟ†Ʀ¡ҚεƦ,Game has plenty of potential but I'm staying away from it for now. Will buy it again when it's completely ready.
76561198052353267,Recommended,324080,13842625,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,THE HIDDEN HERMIT,"If you enjoy spending hours collecting resources and building to your own design, this game is entirely playable now.  It runs very smoothly, full-screen now available.  Known hazards are falling through the world (rare unless you fly into the scenery), occasional freezing of game and failure to save some details (rare if you come out of the game and reload every couple of hours).Resources are extremely limited at present (wood and stone) but there is an impressive array of building textures available and several pre-defined block shapes, and quite a few props.  RSI has been considered - tools will operate continuously, blocks can be crafted in quantity and built in continuous lines (horizontally but not vetically yet).  There is no facility to design your own building blocks and currently the rotation of blocks is restricted.  Crafting is easily mastered and instant - no tedious timers to wiat out.  Placing items on the other hand does have a timer - which gives you a chance to change your mind - useful because there are few items which can be reclaimed once placed.Visually the game is a pleasure, the wandering animals are lovely to look at although the only interaction presently available is you can kill them.  This can be done by accident as they will wander between your axe and the tree you are cutting and die in 2 hits.  The animals also have a tendency to sink into the scenery (there is a goat sunk to its shoulders in my kitchen garden plot and a deer with its front half stuck in my stone quarry wall).  I find the scenery lovely but repetitive, but possibly I have not explored far enough.Exploring is always hazardous for me as I get lost very easily, but the craftable compass is easy to use and effective.   There are a range of craftable light sources but there is also a strong white light available on the L key which I find helpful because I have visual issues.  The player inventory looks well thought out and storage is addressed from the start of game with craftable chests.The survival and adventure tags are not warranted for the game in its present form.  Injury and death are caused by falling damage and there is presently no health regen.  Apart from falling there appears to be no risk as yet.  Hunger and thirst icons exist but presently remain green.  Crops, food and survival demands are yet to come.I have tried a number of games of this genre (Minecraft, Fortress Craft Evovled, Starforge, Landmark) and IMO Rising World has the potential to become the most popular due to the realistic visuals and animation, user-friendly controls, crafting system and construction options already in place.  I look forward to the development of more varied resources, biomes, survival needs and adventure."
,Recommended,324080,17512925,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,patrionparrot,1.This game is a lot of fun in multiplayer 2. Already has alot of content to work for 3. has some rare mechanics for the game not really seen in others 4. building is really great already and is still improving 5. if you find any glitches alpha is apha
76561198193753361,Recommended,324080,17808353,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,nickbloom531,best game i have ever played cant wait for more updates this is a very well thought out game and can only get better from here!
,Recommended,324080,23618369,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,LD50,"I liked the idea, but the textures are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the game is missing (in my opinion) danger and immersifying activities.Sure, you can chop trees and dig holes all day to build little shacks, but where is the progression of the game?Pros-Fun open world to explore-Easy mechanics to understandCons-Basic graphics quality-Not much to do"
,Recommended,324080,16245978,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,face,"This game is definitely one of the best early-access sandbox games you can get for this price. It's not overly-complicated, it's easy-to-learn, it's amazingly addictive, and it's the closest thing to realism that a sandbox survival game can get.Any part of the terrain - trees, rocks, grass, mountains, etc - can be modified, which is great for those who love building wherever they want to.It's more of a building game than a survival game, but there is still hunger and thirst.If you're looking for a more realistic sandbox, you've come to the right place.10/10 :)"
,Recommended,324080,23400823,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,kalon91,As for Survival I would have to say the game is too easy in terms of hostile creatures and with high resources food and water are extreamly easy to keep in check...but this game amazing in terms of creative building and landscape the amount of decor you can make in this in Rising World is  nice...I can see things such as castle market plaza and nice INNs being well built and decorated in the hands of someone who is creative...I highly recommend it for those who like to build large kingdoms and shape the world to the way it fits them
76561198091555558,Recommended,324080,22232845,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,-\/G- CurlyGoats,Fun game with huge potential.
76561198004749236,Recommended,324080,22476890,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Matty,"Fantastic!Constantly updated and moving forward beautifully.It feel like a very mature, realistic minecraft. That's not doing it justice, of course, but that's the idea."
76561198116492961,Recommended,324080,16085211,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Tarfun,"My god, this game is just perfect! (TLDR at bottom)Context time: I am currently a huge survival fan, and games like Minecraft were always a huge part of my growing up, so when i discovered this game i realised just how great an MC clone could be. Rather than use a blocky system for everything, the game uses the polygon esque method seen in planet explorers, only perfects it! Caving in this game truly looks like you are manoeuvring a real cave, with the lighting effects being just spot on. Whilst it is an indie game it does many things right;1-The lighting i spot on, the torches you hold light up the immediate vicinity, whilst the torches are capable of piercing far away caves or just the night. The daylight also just looks beautiful, now bear in mind that i am using a laptop (running planet explorers at 13 fps) and on very high quality the game runs very nicely, even with all the light options turned on!2- The atmosphere of the game, i have owned this game for two days as of the time of writing, and i have been unable to put it down. The world feels alive, and even with no real dangerous mobs (apart from bears) i still feel twitchy going through caves. But the over world feels comfortable and just generally pleasant.3-Construction; one can stick to usual mc methods, yet the construction are capable of being so much more free formed, wooden planks are the best thing in any game, the ability to make a wooden house, defensive wall or just a toilet shack , makes this game truly unmissable.Overall, unlike other games which are buggy, rough gameplay or just unresponsive developers, this game is taking a step in the right direction in EVERY way. Food and water are important but not debilitating. Traversing this game is just so smooth, the game is definitely no simulator, but it is genuinely immersive.(TLDR)Basically just buy the game already! It feels/looks good and handles well. 10/10"
76561197982739710,Recommended,324080,16313406,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,freestylerstyler760,"Every Minecraft fan out there must have been wondering; What if this was possible without the midieval graphics and blocky environment? There are many sandbox games out there inspired by Minecraft, but none of them really fulfil your needs if you're looking for a true Minecraft alternative. This is the real deal!Considering the early stage, here are a few tips for the further development:- In-game tutorial / documentation (I don't like switching from wiki to game)- Less monotonous landscape generation (like biomes in minecraft maybe?)- More realistic mountain generation (feels like a roller-coaster at the moment)- As crafting posibilities increase, less resource-hungry crafting or spawn more resources- The amount of random resources will be insufficient when more resource hungy crafting pattern arrive- More survival elements in the environment (weather, wildlife, aura)- Pigs look more like a fat opera singer's bottomI'm very excited to see what the future will bring. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,324080,28338463,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,rock0head132,The game is so good and keeps getting better.
,Recommended,324080,13312620,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,the1smithy,"Java Simulator 2014Copy manual java link in web bar then close steam and install correct version again. This worked for me anyway.Once you get past the Java minigame you get to unlock Rising World which is basically if minecraft, 7 days to die and rust had a baby. Graphics are lush and crafting already very deep. Devs active on forums, even offering to add people on steam to solve issues quickly - now thats service.Looking forward to seeing how this goes."
76561198044082956,Recommended,324080,19071089,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,xdeft,a lot to doand alot to comeif you want building to the finest detail this is your gamethe construction build is AWSOME and it's not even finishedthe farming is niceanimals are niceand soon new biomescan't get any better.........wait.........IT WILL GET MUCH BETTER
76561198116808224,Recommended,324080,18046858,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,PinkFluffyUnicorns,"Very Good Game ver graphical and addicting i find this very amusing because i've played minecraft ALOT and this is the Realistic type of it, its like you've taken minecraft and gave it graphic steroids Becouse It is realistic its hard for my mac to keep up but im gett a PC for christmas!"
76561198075681316,Recommended,324080,28414177,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rads,"Only played for a couple of hours and I can already tell we are going to be best mates :), exactly what I was looking for in a building game!, Havent done the MMO or survival parts yet, but if they are like the building it's going to be a blast."
76561198025375243,Recommended,324080,32158499,Posted: 3 June,all,lostinthewood2,"I have played the game for over 200 hours so far and I still love it.  Got a 12 slot sever through GTX for a very reaosnable price and have guild friends playing on it with me.  It is still in early access and I do wish things would move along faster, but it is a small group working on it.  There are still some major things that need doing but overall it is a good base game with great potential.  It is definitely a building game, so if you don't like building, solo or in cooperation, it is not a game for you.  It has an API for modding already and the blueprint function is amazing for taking normal items and beaing able to use them in different positions and angles.  The mining can get a bit grindy, but the types of blocks and items from medieval to modern is very nice."
,Recommended,324080,28834441,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,damjancd,"Lot's of potential. Doesn't have a strong direction as of now. Incorporates primitive basic tools and craft products but also modern ones like cones and such. The game runs smooth and looks great. Would be nice to add basic details of environment interaction such as trees shaking when hit, marks where trees are hit.This game will grow into something extremely beautiful."
76561198038215734,Recommended,324080,31736035,Posted: 13 May,all,Regulator_1A,"If there was ever a spiritual successor to Minecraft this would be it. This game in early access but still impresses with a solid base design and smooth working at this level of development. The environment graphics are vary good. I am looking forward to more content as this progresses. One suggestion when first starting look for a source of water as you will need to drink, food is a little easier to find and will not be a problem as you go on. Also, having several trees near were you settle help a lot at the beginning (don’t worry you can replant.)"
76561197992644434,Recommended,324080,16604856,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,maddog.magee,"Two game returns later, and i finally found something i like alot.  The only thing i would like to see right now is a map so i can find the home i built. Plus there are a few graphics glitches but they are still working on it so two thumbs up.."
76561198098286792,Recommended,324080,18035211,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Faze_Hitler_03,Bear fighting simulater
,Recommended,324080,18450419,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Rumaroo,"If you like letting your creative side run wild, definitely get this game. Visually beautiful and a ton of fun. Looking forward to seeing what else they update with! :)"
76561198161525742,Recommended,324080,24406396,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,paraguaytea24,"This is a crafting and exploration game that I'm really enjoying. There are updates from time to time that add functionality or features and it's exciting to see the game evolve. There are a few glitches, but to be honest, I like them, and will maybe miss them if they're ironed out.Rising World is very open world with plenty of different biomes and seeds to discover and exploit. You can mine and smelt ore, farm crops, build houses and even use pictures from your own computer to decorate your dream home.It is intuitive to play, and there's plenty of resources as well as a whole active community to draw on if you're stuck.It's great as it is, but there are obviously loads of things in the pipeline to make it even better in the near future."
,Recommended,324080,26180440,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,drkdrk,I really like this game.   I only play free build mode because I like to build.   It is still alpha but I have no issues on my windows 10 computer with 6GB memory.
76561198044756021,Recommended,324080,16229043,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,II M1GHTYFOX II,"I remember joing my first world and thinking""what do i do?""But within about 30 minutes i had a simple base set up that could let me craft almost every item in the game (there's Hundreads if not Thousands of items).This game is strong in how realistic crafting can be, i liked the way you have to place the ore in the furnace so it can be smelted and also the way you cook food on the cooking tray and actually place the food where you want (Not predefinded cooking spots).I could go on for hours writing about all the good points to this game, bad points there is just the odd lighting bug like minecraft but this will be sorted in the future i'm guessing as it is currently early access.In short - Buy this game, you will not regret it! A+++++"
76561198064822307,Recommended,324080,13837969,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Anxious Pidge,"I want to start off by saying that it's very incomplete, so it's a game you're buying in to.  Obviously, that's why it's early access.  If you want something that's closer to a full game, I'd keep an eye on Rising World, but not buy it yet.The GameplaySimply put, there's not much here yet.  You can explore, chop down trees, collect plants, dig in to the earth, but that's about it.  So far, I've only found that you can make a crafting table to make more complex things down the road, and a simple shelter.  That's...about it.  Currently it also seems like there's no way to feed your character, but you can kill cows and whatnot.  A neat feature is that you can hide the body.  I'm sure the devs have it planned, but it's simply not in there yet.  It's gameplay is very simple, but it's bound to have a lot of things in the future.ControlsThe default controls are VERY confusing right now.  At least they add an option to rebind them.  It took a lot of pressing all sorts of buttons until I wisened up and checked the options.  There's a few no-brainers, for instance, I is inventory, WASD to move, L for light.  But then there's actually interacting with things, which is bound to F for some reason?  That one in particular bothers me.  But again, you can remap it to be however you want.GraphicsWONDERFUL.  By far my favorite thing of the game so far!  It's quite a pretty game AND it hasn't had much lag!  I've only ever played the single player, and have no plans on playing multiplayer, but again, I was so surprised that it didn't slow down much at all on my crap computer with 5+ year old everything!  I hope that, as they add more features, this part of the game doesn't change.Overall, I give this game a thumbs up.  The devs are very active in the forums, and are doing their very best.  It feels like they've worked on some things in a backwards order(for instance, adding a trashcan, but no ability to get food yet?), but they're trying.  They're trying so hard, and are even willing to walk you through problems on steam chat so you don't have to constantly click back to the forums trying to figure something out in the hopes that a dev will see your forum post again.  It's still in development, and I'm looking forward to watching it grow, but keep in mind it's still in very early alpha and should not be considered a fully playable game yet.  You're funding the developers much like you would be on kickstarter."
,Recommended,324080,21548674,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,☭ Mr.Frie Frie ッ,Remember when minecraft was fun and the community was great? Now imagine how great that was times 100 then making it realistic and more fun. This game is a must buy. Get it when you can.
76561198068704600,Recommended,324080,23903659,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Xanity,Like a retard took lsd and remade minecraft.10/10 would reccomend.This game is simply beautiful.A few bugs but is still in early access.Well worth the money.
,Recommended,324080,16409574,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cynical Act,Great game recomend for anyone looking for a game like Rust/7 days to die/Reign of kings6/10 Graphics10/10 Gameplay the hours of fun you can have from this game is unlimited9/10 realism (could be better)
76561198009827676,Recommended,324080,23099994,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Celtic Steve,"30 hours in and just getting started.I was afraid that it may get a bit repetitive, you know eat,dig,farm sleep....eat,dig,farm sleep....But no. the grand farm is still just mud with a few plants and a couple of apple trees. The mine is a mess and the working area is a muddle of benches, for godness sake I'm still sleeping in a thatch hut, until later....hopefullySo what's been taking up 30 hours...It's the options, textures and the ability to maniplate building materials, re-sizing, changing angles,  360 degree rotation in 3 planes it's all there.The developers have done an awsome job with whats already been included in the game and well worth the money spent. At the risk of under stating it, think of mine craft for grown ups or CAD (computer aided design) for people with imagination. Creating great designs is just so easy.The game is not without flaws with some tearing and minor glitching but this easily forgivable, remember it's in development.I also have to thank the Rising World community for some great tips and instructional videos, check out ""safety meeting""IF you like world builder games and you want to see how creative you can be this will keep you up all night. I should also mention that progress in the game is well paced so easy to see your plans come to life."
,Recommended,324080,23655861,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Grifuz,"The game is still bare bones, but it still is very fun... and it's in alpha still!Right now it feels somewhat empty, can't tell if it's because it lacks some sort of danger or if it's just me. It is a great game so far, it's pretty laid back but it's very fun to build, I'm excited for adventure mode and Stranded mode. It has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,324080,14907858,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Bullhone,I have been playing this game for a while on and off. I belive It's going to one of the top games out if it keeps going the way it has been. I do worrie tho there taking of adding mobs soon. I hope they don't go to crazy with them and stay more to a real life type of mobs.If they add Zombies  That well kill this game for me. The crafting is nice it is simple and easy to use. and there are a wide chose of blocks you can craft No there not all Squre there are a few differnt shaps to use. the tools work nice and the mining is very real like. At this time I have great hope for this game.
76561198370987941,Recommended,324080,30328160,Posted: 4 March,all,Donut,"This game is quite fun! I recommend it to all people who like minecraft or similar games to it. It is very fun to play even though it is still developing. A few things it needs is a way to make a server for noobs; yes, I understand people already have made servers but I'd like to play with people I actually know. That's all."
,Recommended,324080,33182331,Posted: 3 July,all,DuskD20,"Absolutely gorgeous game, in depth crafting options, feels much more adult than minecraft lol. really nice if you enjoy building proper buildings!!!"
76561198002189495,Recommended,324080,33215701,Posted: 3 July,all,rovaira2,"I picked this up on sale and I'm glad I did. I've always liked Minecraft, but this game has great graphics and building options. I'm looking forward to more development on this, but it's very nice so far.I believe the world size is unlmimited and different on each game as well. This is a huge deal to me as I love that feature. In addition they are adding charachter models, etc. soon.Some resources are harder to find which makes the exploration more enjoyable. In addition survival mode is nice so far. You'll need food, water, and to survive occasional wild animals you run into, but it's not like Minecraft where you have to run away from 5000 creatures at night. It's done pretty nice as the main focus is on exploration and building.The controls are pretty easy to use such as WSAD. The crafting options did take me a bit to understand, but it's well worth it.There is also a 'fly' optoin even in survival mode which comes in handy. Press F2, then spacebar to go higher, then W mode to go forward. F2 to go back down, but watch it going down. :)I wish I had found this game earlier! :)"
,Recommended,324080,35081812,Posted: 20 September,all,markfitz2014,"I've seen alot of negative post's about this game on here, I don't see why tho? This surprises me as it is in Early Acces Alpha stage, which means it is no way near complete or finished!  So if you are giving a negative review based on the game not being complete, then you are looking in the wrong section of steam for games. You need to be looking for complete games not Early Acces (EA).It takes alot of time and alot of getting things wrong and making lots and lots of changes in game development, please be respectfull of the people who actually do make the games and know how to! If you think you can do better, then do it instead of moaning and complianing about it!I actually really like this game and It is based on building when it first came out, but has had alot of updates since. There is an advanced building feature to the ganme, where you can build just about anything you can imagine and save it as a blueprint for use on other maps or share with other people. I think alot of us are very patiently waiting for the player model and clothes update this September hopefully (finger's crossed!). The other part of this game it is designed to be customized how you want it to be. So the only person to blame is yourself and your own lack of imagination, (if it's not up to you're expectations that is!).Anyway keep up the good work JIW-Games and Red51 as I'm sure this will be a winner, as you are taking you're time to get the updated right before you post them."
76561198168486795,Recommended,324080,32040992,Posted: 29 May,all,Ozzi,the game is very fun to play. it only toke me 30 min to learn how the game works. the game is like Minecraft and ARK: survival evolved in one game but whitout dinosaur and monsteri will recommend this game if you wanna try a game similar to Minecraft or ARK: survival evolvedill give it a 10 out of 10
76561198199572525,Recommended,324080,32043362,Posted: 29 May,all,davidjoshua93,"This is exactly what ive been looking for, A very detailed and addictive game. I recommend!"
76561198042145848,Recommended,324080,26252022,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,HEAVY METAL ZOMBIE,A must have . That is all that needs to be said .A total relaxing game .
76561197982068543,Recommended,324080,14707864,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Trux,"The next big thing?. The potential to be bigger than Minecraft for sure.My system is no beast.. i3 and HD 6950 so I am closer to the min specs than I'd like.Minecraft runs great on my system and so does this which is suprising considering the excellent graphics on show here. I am running in 1280 x 720 BTW.The game had me hooked from about 5 mins in. It's early Alpha but there is more than enough content to get your teeth into if you want to build a house or castle or whatever.There are no enemies or Mobs yet,  and there's an abcense of water anywhere in the world at present but that doesn't seem to bother the trees that litter the world. These can still occasionally yeild juicy apples when you chop them down and there are also melons to help quench your thirst.The building mechanics are functional and things can be simply placed anywhere in the world or snapped to a grid.In fact the options for more customisation outway what Minecraft can offer already in many instances.Gone are the frustrations of not being able to manipulate a block or plank axactly how you want it.It remains to be seen how quickly some of the larger  missing features such as water and enemies will get implemented but the website says these features are coming.But even without them, this game is a lot of fun and the potential is huge! Electricity anyone!!For the price, this game is worth getting."
,Recommended,324080,24986802,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,J7lerz™,"While it may be a small, early access, undeveloped game with plenty of problems, I see Rising World as a game with potential.  It's not ""all that""... yet.  But I believe that it can become a fun survival game up there with Rust, Ark Survival Evolved, and Minecraft.  Just a few more months or so of  development to patch up the rough spots and further develop the game and I have faith that it can become a well known, $29.99 sandbox game to stand out with the top dogs.  I searched up ""Building"" in the Steam search bar.  I scrolled through several pages of useless games. 5 or so pages later, it was this game that caught my eye, and overall, despite it's rough spots, I enjoy playing it.It can't be improved without support, so go ahead and add it to your cart.  If you're considering buying it, do it."
76561198210258888,Recommended,324080,32239826,Posted: 7 June,all,LT.JC,this game is amazing. It's basically minecraft with better graphics and a bit less content and freedom.
,Recommended,324080,13368613,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Lord Maximus Murdok,"Expect to jump thru some minor hoops before getting this to run. Make sure your Java is as up-to-date as possible ( 25 I believe ) BEFORE launching. So far, I haven't been able to launch the Mac version. ( Late 2013 MacBook Pro 2.6Ghz i7 16gb Ram Running 10.10.1 ) either native or Windows 7 or 8 emulated. Nothing at all happens when I click ""Play"". I just up-dated my Java on my Windows box and so far I am getting an error that Rising World is running altho it appears not to be, but that ""may be"" a Steam thing. Next I guess I'll see if it runs on Lunix as advertised. I want to say good things and I have a feeling I will be able to once I do some restarting and up dating and such. I'm going to give it a thumbs down so it catches your eye and you can make the changes and up dates yourself before downloading this title. I am certainly sure that when I edit this post I'll change things in a positive direction. I REALLY want to because this game seems exciting and I sure do hope to find out! By all means get it because it looks to be VERY COOL but just make sure, as with anything, that your system - whatever it may be - is up to date. If it's not, well now you know what to expect. I mean no disrespect towards the developers with this thumbs down, and yes I do understand that this isn't a final release.Happy Holler-DazeCheersOy!EDIT: See that,....working swell now on Windows 7 after a restart. Looks BEAUTIFUL. I will follow up with a linux install ( once I can tear myself away from this game). Still a no go on Mac after a restart of the machine and Java update. Weird. Again, I'm sure it's a fixable issue.Over.FINAL EDIT: Excellent game. Still having issues with my 2013 MacBook and I will be using their forum going forward. Side note, the game ran great on my 2009 Mac Mini server. Linux ( as expected ) worked flawless. And as stated worked on my Windows box. No doubt that my Mac issue will get solved quickly.That is why I have changed my recommendation from ""no"" to a great big""YES!!!With great support and an AMAZING looking game, it is a well deserved endorsement. It's early release Alpha, understand that there will be minor issues, additions, deletions and eventual changes and you'll be fine. I've fallen thru the world/ground a few times but thats OK,...it was pretty funny actually & I laughed! Don't get emotionally attached to items in your inventory should you croak. They go away. Thats because resurrection isn't FREE I bet ;-) and thats ok too - the game is that fun, I don't care & that may well change later in development.If you grew up with 8-bit games thousands of years ago as my kids believe and couldn't understand what all the hype was over Minecraft - BUT liked the concept, you just wished Minecraft had awesome imagery ( not blocky ), this is what you've been looking & hoping for,...but better. Highly addictive, pleasing to the eye & fun to play. It's potential is outstanding. Its all ready outstanding and can only get better!Truly enjoyable.Wishing the Dev's the best with Rising World, you can tell they've put their heart & soul into this game. It's well worth the money spent. I'm loving this game!-maxi"
,Recommended,324080,15411206,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,nola,"Currently it is building only, but it does that very very well. There are plenty of awesome looking blocks, and a system to place them freely to truly create awesome structures. This game has great potential."
,Recommended,324080,15840091,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Milo Jvrament-De-Fèr,"Rising world, at present state (alpha 0.5.6), is the survival-builder for you if you:-like building customisation-like deep building systems that allow artistic or complex structures-anything that concerns buildingRising World, at present,is notthe right game for you if you:-like farming materials, be it crops, minerals and the likes-interacting with the wildlife and/or hostile creatures-anything that concerns the survival aspect of the gameBasically, if you think the Zombies in Minecraft were not just the icing on the cake, but the very reason why building and farming stuff was fun, then pass on RW for now. Hostile wildlife, only exists at the moment in the form of random bears (which I'm not even sure do respawn if killed, and at what rate).What RW needs to have implemented as soon as possible is a more survival-like focus (more crops, better crop farming system, bows and hunting*, water and fishing, hostile beings that track you down and slam your door, etcetera).*no, wandering around with a sword hitting farm (domesticated) animals seemingly allowed to roam freely, having no owner whatsoever, isn't exactly my idea of hunting."
76561198071896555,Recommended,324080,14846667,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,jacobshenning,"I don't recommend this game because frankly, it is boring. I know it is early access, but I don't see much direction with it. There are so many different designs of bricks, it must of taken for ever to design them all. Yet there is still no challenge, there are no predators.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Do not think this is all negative though, I saved best for last so check the bottom for positive~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~This is my official recommendation.One: Make a challenge, make it survival. Make it hard for people.> I suggest you do this by adding predators in the game. DO NOT ADD MONSTERS, or you will look like a rip off ofevery other game out there. You need to put some originality into it also. All I see right now is a cross betweenmine craft and rust. I have some exact recommendations that I'll put at the bottom, but this is my general adviceTwo: Make terrain more interesting , and more sensible as well.> What I mean by this is for one, don't make the terrain so strange to walk over. The grass and the hills all disorientmy character. Make hills smoother. Make it a rolling hill, not like rocky road. I understand random terrain, but notthis crazy bumpy stuff.  Make Biomes, and I don't mean rocky area, and then green area. I mean like forest (thatthat is flat) then rolling hills (which roll smoothly) and then mountains (which peak up smoothly). Honestly,nothing should be as crazy and bumpy as these hills. It is not natural. When you go out in the woods, the onlyrandom bumps you see are from a rock jutting out of the ground. I suggest you take note of that. I guess tosummerize what I am saying is... Make the terrain look natural. I went into details because if you have as hard ofprogramming as me, then sometimes you forget what outside looks like.Three: You need to make your game more fun and original> So you really are original. Despite your game looking like rust and having similar themes of minecraft... you didwhat neither of them attempted. That would be your mining. It is very original. However, you did put your footin it.... You have a major issue, and I don't know what you're gonna do about it. You have to have water. Thereis no going around it. Worst case scenario, you can make a pond that cannot be interacted with, but there is stillgonna be the curious players who try and dig canals. If you don't have a plan for water yet, the I hope you havea commenter smarter then me because I have no idea what to tell you. Also, your game is going to need morethan your mining to attract buyers. Games are like stories, and some even are stories. It goes like this~~~~~~~Setting~~~~~~~Plot~~~~~~~Conclusion~~~~~~~Now you have a fantastic setting... but where is the plot? Which goes into the initial reason I don't recommendthe game... You have so many building items, and so many things to decorate with, but you have no plot. Thismakes me think that you either don't have a proper sense of direction in constructing your game, or you justwant to make a game where the only plot is hunger and thirst. If the latter, the I bought the wrong game. Ifthe former, then I hope you figure out where you're going with it.Four: Awkward moving> Am I the only one who thinks my guy moves weird? I would like a better sense of up and down also. In the caves sometimes I have no idea which way is up and which is down. I have to wiggle my mouse around and find my body to figure it out. It can be confusing. I also think my guy moves strangely. I would like more fluid movements. I would also likeSummary: This game has potential, but I do not recommend it due to the fact that the creator has spent too much time making the game look nice and not enough making the game have any challenge, except recently he added hunger which gives me hope. He also has not added enough originality. He did create a mining system never seen before on games, but not much else.The bright side: I began to see changes happening that mean that the game will become more fun. I like more fun. Hopefully these changes are the tip of the iceberg to loads of complexity and amazing originality of game play.Recommendations____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________This is a 2nd review of the game. I now recommend the game. This change of heart is mainly because there is a challenge. Before, they had a basic testing platform. I could play it for maybe 15 minutes. I began to worry when they did so much work in the artistic department, but not the game development department. A couple of things that I still think they should consider. Some are new, some are old.Old: I think you're going to do this eventually, but I still must stress it. The character movement needs to change. It is awkward.New: I sure wish the different bricks would provide different features. I'm not sure if that is in the works, or if you just were bored and made a billion types of bricks with no end game. For those who don't own the game, he has at least 500 styles of bricks and they all do the same exact thing. Only difference is look. So if you can imagine being in my position, and seeing only artwork and not much of a game, then you can understand why my recommendation was no before. Now I see the game being developed once again. I like it.What I think the developer has done well: I think the developer has made mining very orginal and creative. That will be something new for the world to play with. Very creative Mr. Devloper. I also think that avoiding the breaking tools is cool. I will talk more about that later. This game has similar properties to minecraft, a cliche game that everybody has copied off of. However, if somebody said he copied off minecraft I would doubt it. It is like minecraft in the way that it is survival and that it has bricks, and you can gather resources to survive. I think the greatest way it is like minecraft, is that you can rise from being a survivor to being a a dude who lives in a mansion in the wilderness. Needless to say, I'm glad he is not copying anybody and coming up with his own stuff.Thing I do not like: More like thing I did not like, he focused on the art work more then the game play. He has focused back on game play though. I also notice things that are off, but I assume he will get to. Just awkward stuff that I have mentioned. By the way, Mr. devloper I'm so glad you put a bear in there. So many other games have monsters, but you went with the realistic one.Now here are my ideas, but you probably have a good plan already... maybe... Unless you start making 500 different designs for a bear. Then I will not recommend this game. Here are my hazard ideas:- Bear (you already have it)--Bear cub--- It will be a trap of course, you go within 10 feet of it you're gonna get attacked---- Also, later you should make the bear not attack you on site. right now, fine. Later change it-Wolf pack-- In the day they only attack if you wander into their territory--- At night they hunt and surround your houseI'm out of room, so I will continue on a comment"
76561198088843146,Recommended,324080,22602857,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,t0can,"very good idea but not alot of things that can be able to be done. i maybe suggest that you add an ocean with maybe boats, fish and other things"
,Recommended,324080,21617059,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Stingin Roger,"Good, but unfinished."
,Recommended,324080,18267848,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Rarmurz Owalruz,Realistic Minecraft Simulator 10/10
76561198043408098,Recommended,324080,17134485,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Steelwolf97,Thus far it will be difficult to give a true review with how much progress each update gets but i can say that i love where its gone so far and hope it keeps going that way. I will personally get all my friends to try and get this game to have some crazy psycho fortress built for when the game goes into all its expected goodness. I wish i could give a better review but its something youd have to see for yourself and i will say the sights and terrain will blow you away! lastly dont cook your bacon too long or it will burn
76561198008413771,Recommended,324080,16426640,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Elendil_CH,"10/10 would barbecue ribs and bacon on a grill over a camp fire againSerious:Building and digging part of the game is already very good,but it's not really a survival game (yet)."
,Recommended,324080,16392095,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,slimesxyz,"One of the best building/crafting games i've played in a long while. Gave me the feeling of amazement i had when playing Minecraft all over again!Some bugs, but none game breaking. Still lots to be added but would still reccomend even at this point!"
76561198126015158,Recommended,324080,28885401,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HelpfulFruitcake,"I love the game, it's glitchy, I wish there were more things that look more like they've been made by an unskilled craftsman, I dislike the default key layout, placing objects like planks could be easier by a long shot, and the terrain is unrealistically and painfully bumpy making placing anything at first difficult, but I love it. It's mostly realistic, it already has a pretty nice variety of things, and it's got tons of potential. I recommend this game to anyone who likes realistic open world games or to be more specific, Minecraft, as it is similar."
76561198157478302,Recommended,324080,23608088,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,mr.twilight,great game so far it may not be fully built but it is really adicting to me already. it it like minecraft in with high graphics i really love how it turning out and cant wait until it finished.
,Recommended,324080,14398195,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Romero,"Started off playing, liked environment, gathered all the resources for my master plan, walks to cave HQ to begin assembling my creation, falls through floor, glitches, dies, loses everything11/10"
,Recommended,324080,16433550,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,GamesBot,Great game higly recommend only thing i wont like is there is a glich so when u load your game u may fall throught the ground so u should put your stuff in a chest before getting off game this game is worth it
76561197967792556,Recommended,324080,16691589,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Abraxas,"Great Survival/Build game for an alpha game the content is 10 hours in and having tried everything yet, perfect grown up version of minecraft lovers alike. The potential for this game is massive, Check out community videos etc to see what its all about but this gamer gives it a big thumbs up."
,Recommended,324080,16774261,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Fr4gged,"I had a rocky start with this game.. it loads up windowed which is fine.  But switching on full screen freezes my computer, and i had to edit the config file to switch to windowed again to get it to work.That aside i found the game to be fun and relaxing, building is both rewarding and not grindy which i liked alot, couple of hours in however is where you realize it is an early access game, not yet finished the small house i was building and i think to myself.. this house doesn't benefit me.. theres no scary creatures out to get me, nighttime i can just sleep and skip anyway.  The Bear i encountered was fun, and i barely excaped with my life, managing to kite it and kill it with my axe, but it didn't provide me with any reward.. no skin, meat, experience .. nothing..  so some food for though for the developers there..Right now its a pretty solid builder with a few bugs but with no real drive or reward, still recommend it for support and its still great for creative building.UPDATE*********So i found out what the issue of the full screen problem was, it is my firewall, all i had to do was put it on 'game mode' and it worked, i guess its the woes of early access.Having put more time into the game i'd like to add that the building in this game is brilliant, and i'm starting to discover just how realistic you can make things and the potential of this game.You really are spoilt for choice by how many blocks there are, and each block has many shape variations to craft too, not to mention all the furniture and windows  (need more doors).  Dare i say it, its a much better sandbox than minecraft, even if it is a lil less accessable."
76561198120309064,Recommended,324080,16837284,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SpicyPickle23,Overall it is a pretty good game but there is a few isuues and I know the game is only in alpha. One of the issues is the frame rate it is kind of low but not that bad you can still play the game. Another problem I had was when I moved away from where I set up and then went back to my location everything I built and did there was gone. I would recommend this game to others when it gets to beta or full release.
,Recommended,324080,14101305,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Sneaky,Still in beta but its getting better.
76561198120785247,Recommended,324080,17325275,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Docpen,Awesome game it is very fun.
76561198029499192,Recommended,324080,17728303,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Master,very nice game im ejoying it
,Recommended,324080,17369629,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,JokersWild,"Editing this out to keep it current.This game wasn't too bad when it first came out, it is so much better now.  While still somewhat empty as the world goes, I am not really going to complain much there since I prefer to play solo and how realistic would it be to have a world flooded with animals.I didn't find any caverns as of yet, so can not really say much about that, but the crafting is pretty nice with a fairly large variety.  I would say as an early access game this is great, better than some completed titles.  The survival element is still somewhat minimal in feature and such, but am sure end result will come out well.As for me...I built a nice two story house (no stairs thuogh, that I could find...would be nice there..).  Has a basement of sorts that leads to underground mining.  House is filled with work areas as well as comfort and decoration.  I would say it would be fun to have some more people come in and build up a town together and/or build up and just go at each other.Overall, I totally recommend this game and will see it as one of the tops for it's building and crafting."
,Recommended,324080,17658052,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,DRAGONASPECT26,needs more stuff and bug fixes
76561198243285114,Recommended,324080,17459983,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,DarkSid3r,"This game is worth the 15 bucks guys!!! If this game keeps adding and growing , being a real pc gamer for years, I know that this game will blow up. I love the realizim and the way things are set up. The crafting is second to none and only a few minor glitches or bugs for such an alpha is RARE!!!Spend some time (about 5 hours) atleast in game and you will be hooked.I find the mining peaceful and I feel like im getting things done.The animations are amazing for all but the tools and im sure they will make that better soon.PLAY THIS GAME!"
76561198046685535,Recommended,324080,23301168,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,curtiscates,"Updates have been slow according to most people but the content that is currently in the game is pretty sweet. Although lighting should def be reaproached imo when in caves and stuff, its quite glitchy but yeah the game is fun and quite expansive in its options of builidng creation."
,Recommended,324080,24374441,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Alice~Wanders,"Ive quickly become addicted to this game. At first i was sceptical about it, but once you start..... HIGHLY recommended!"
,Recommended,324080,26380557,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Gezzuk,All the fun of minecraft with better gfx could do with some weather patterns hint hint :)
76561198290350457,Recommended,324080,26432592,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dansun,great game in progress sure it will be a great game with lots off users in the future already played 70+ hours
76561198080825984,Recommended,324080,28141705,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ϟ ϟ NICE THIJS ϟ ϟ,"Amazing game, me and my friend bought it.Really fun to play together or alone, worth the money!"
,Recommended,324080,28515988,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nea Mitica,Simplu si placut. Pentru cei pasionati de asa ceva merita ca sa pierzi timpul .
,Recommended,324080,28518749,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,poolej87,"would love it if i could find any tin/alluminum at all, doesn't seem to be any at all other than that the game is fantastic, maybe add some more creatures that you have to fight"
76561198106662925,Recommended,324080,26239260,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,shoalwater2400,"Depending on your creative mind set you can build pretty much anything you want. You can explore all the diffrent bios and pick a favorite and start building a homestead , or set up a camp and set out on some exploration . As a gamer example you could with alot of effort and maybe with friends build a Azeroth like in WOW per say or your own type of town/city/world to your own like.Only think I did not recently like is they added a 3rd party agree after they put the game out on early access"
76561197977084158,Recommended,324080,24608172,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Escape Artist,Love the building concept. I have already gotten my moneys worth out of the game and features are still being added. More involved than Minecraft but less involved than LIF:Your Own or WURM.
,Recommended,324080,28199512,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Chrome Nipples,Everything Minecraft should be.
,Recommended,324080,14739472,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Celestial Valkyrie,"rising world is a fun game you can build tons of stuff that u cant in other games like it the graphics are good,mechanics are fine the only thing i say is the spawn points in the game are kind of bad i created 3 worlds all sawn on top of mountain when i try to climb down i die and spawn back up.OK story time, the 4th world i made i finally can get off the spawn without dying i start making a house get started then i go and leave away from pc for 5 minutes come back died from starvation try to find my house again finally find it after like 2 hours"
,Recommended,324080,14926213,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ChfEng,"First of all, game is in early access and judge the game by considering this fact.Although the game is a minecraft clone with pretty graphics, it raises the bar for building consept. You have access for dozens of texture and hundreds of shape for everyblock. With the building system, real-a-like buildings can be built.Another better side of game is, of course, digging system. While you are busy with creating mines, dirt and stone brakes with a good reality and you can see more natural paths according to minecraft.Crafting system is also promising but it is very inadequate right now.Survival mode is also absent right now.As a conlusion, good early access game and very promising for the future."
,Recommended,324080,19762205,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Krish,if you love building games you will love this one. its great and hella fun!
,Recommended,324080,29463232,Posted: 24 January,all,ZipTie,"If you ever wanted a building game with the ability to build anything anywhere then you found it. Rising World offers you the ability to build just about everything that you can think of with hours of enjoyment. I would recommend picking this game up if you are a creative person who likes creating works of art. The survival portion, with bears and other apex predators roaming the land, broken legs and hunger lead you to stockpile stores of food and watching every step you take in fear of falling down a large hole to your death. Using seeds and saplings to plant a garden or even a full forest to your liking brings landscaping to a whole new level. I hope that the updates keep coming and the game grows, as of right now I would recommend this game for that player that enjoys this type of world-building experience."
76561198027039367,Recommended,324080,28320012,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ancient,"I find spending hours and hours, in game to be rather easy. First day had 8 hours playing, going to be getting this game for the wife to play with me also. Currently I have over 20 hours played, and I am just scratching the surface of the game. Well back to the game the wife wants me to have a lot of recources built up so when she gets there its nothing but building."
,Recommended,324080,22480506,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,☹sadboi☹,"Where to start with Rising World?It's genuinely one of the most stunningly beautiful games I have ever came across.It's also like nothing I have ever came across.For an Early Acess game, that's still in ALPHA. It plays and runs amazing.For over a year the Devs are still updating and working hard.I can't describe to anyone reading this to BUY it.buyitnow!!!!!"
76561198058328101,Recommended,324080,18469744,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,☣Omae wa mou Shindeiru﻿™,LOVING EVERY SECOND OF IT...  I see this being bigger tan minecraft in the future. Keep up the good work devs
76561198152443631,Recommended,324080,23747200,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Raspoutinerie,"I'm really impressed by the crafting style and the graphic. If you like Minecraft, you're gonna love this one !"
,Recommended,324080,17997391,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,player1,very good crafting sytem
,Recommended,324080,17916512,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Amygeddon,definatley needs a few more updates but over all a good game
76561198047302474,Recommended,324080,16686736,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,theveninja,I've only been playing a little while but this is a wonderfull game. I'm absolutely in love with it. Its like real life early minecraft. I highly suggest buying 10/10
,Recommended,324080,16041684,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Fabiolus,"I love it, its this type of game that makes you think and come up with some amazing results. The advance building feature is simply wow and let you create and manipulate blocks to any shape or way possible.The road map looks promising and the devs are active.Its like minecraft but on steroid but with more pleasant graphics.Its a good game to have in your collection if you like building things out of scratch and it is also multiplayer capable but I mostly play single mode so I can work on my little village I started."
76561197971957953,Recommended,324080,13970566,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Mart UK66,"I never liked the look of Minecraft - too blocky for me ... why have a 21st century PC with HD textures when you play an 80's looking game ... I guess it must have been all about gameplay and creation.Where Minecraft fell down (badly in my opinion) Rising World takes over. The choice of textures and shapes means you can create some really eye catching structures and not a jagged pixelated mess either.The server files are released to the public from day one (always good when you want to build a community orientated server) and the developers are down to earth and helpful, taking on board feedback and ideas to add to the game's roadmap.The game supports LUA scripts that enable hosts and admins to customise the server they and the players want.Features such as area protection give players the chance to carry on building without the risk of losing their creation to a griefer - the scourge of many a game.In its current form - I would give the game an 8/10 even with a few bugs as it's in early alpha.I've had a server running for the past week and enjoy seeing what players come up with in their creations.Just to add that there are some features I haven't seen in other games - such as being able to upload an image (to use as a poster) in-game. Being able to fully rotate alot of the objects enabling more and more possibilities when constructing a building or area.A piano in-game that you can play and hear others playing. Things like the sound of your footsteps on stone, soil and metal and the little details that have been added to make it more immersive.I usually only play first person shooters and military sims - but this game is a breath of fresh air. It is probably in the same genre as The Forest and Rust but offers alot more content creation ability. I look forward to seeing how the game evolves over the coming months and recommend it to anyone that wants to try something a little different.Our server will run for as long as the game develops <plug> (named ""V for Victory"") </plug> and I look forward to spending more hours in Rising World. Visit their website @https://www.rising-world.net- or grab the game from Steam."
76561198152184881,Recommended,324080,30157042,Posted: 24 February,all,jhaejhae,"I have been wanting to at least try this game since it came out, but my pc wasnt even close to being strong enough. I bought a gameing rig last night and bought this today and I am beyond happy. This is minecraft on steroids!"
,Recommended,324080,17274451,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mr Retro,this is a solid game. Always getting good updates. Think of it as a modern texture voxel building game
76561198167923177,Recommended,324080,26724059,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,hippyhobbo,Really really good game
76561198050239219,Recommended,324080,27646833,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pride Philip,Better then minecraft i like it
,Recommended,324080,27660450,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GigaBytE`,Best game!
,Recommended,324080,28113632,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Justin Memer,"its a good game, whats missing is long ranged weapons"
,Recommended,324080,20617565,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Cozmer,Rising world is sort of like a Minecraft 2.0. I think it is fun just lacking some content to make it a more unique experience. Also the community is very nice and friendly! Hopefully it stays that way...
76561198086874687,Recommended,324080,20590598,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,That Random Fucktard,"It's an amazing concept and i hope to be there for the rest of the update and keep going to get better and better, i liked minecraft, but i think i would love this game a lot more, this game has an amzing charm to it and i know and hope that you guys will keep going with the game, amazing job guys"
76561198283355669,Recommended,324080,25406110,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Gixxerguy84,"ok so as for the game itself , i can see it has great potential and is overall fun to play for the survival minded people out there , due my lack of knowlage and experience i didnt realise the game would lag so much due to AMD and non updatable graphics driver past 2013 ( HUGE THANKS TO ZORK_FOXFIRE FOR INSTANT SUPPORT !!) ,I couldnt get the game to even start up untill asking here!. definently keeping game for my up to date gaming comp thats in the build process!"
76561198116047327,Recommended,324080,13761225,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jordz,This Game is like a better more relistic in-depth version of minecraft you can start by building a shack and then build a mega mansion complete with bathrooms yes BATHROOMS this game is only goint to get better
76561197996480273,Recommended,324080,15707382,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,johnsong,Excellent game for an Alpha game.Its obvious that this is in the early stages but it is playable - and multiplayer.  The graphics are great.The game is updatted often.
,Recommended,324080,16064462,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Monte Cristo,I can honestly say that after playing this game for 5 hrs you will love it and if you don't like it within 5 hrs then try giving the game a couple of days and you will definitely want to come back for more I have been playing this game for almost 1 day from what steam has accumulated that is how long i have been playing for with means i average at least 3 hrs a day in this game. I have made 1 mineshaft by myself on someone elses server and I will say its all worth it being in this game and it sense of survival of now in the alpha is like the best game of now if anyone wants a rating heres mine 10/10.
76561198254684894,Recommended,324080,28105105,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,kinglioman,fun the develpers are active!! the online comunitys arnt turds like on minecraft.graphics are goodgame play is goodive spent alot of time playing this game
76561198112394681,Recommended,324080,13857353,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Moonie,i love this game! its very addicting. But it would be so much better if there were monsters to fight. it would give it so much more of a challenge.
76561198077946952,Recommended,324080,14482203,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Capt_Kringle ^_-,"I need something to try to KILL ME in this game. maybe not zombie's... how about demons ^_-. other then that its looking pretty good so far for a beta. cant wait to see what gets put in next... Demons???JIW-Games, keep up with the good work, looks great so far."
,Recommended,324080,23804890,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fox The Hyena,"Keeping it short and simple: there is A LOT of building you can do in this game, mining is a big part of it too, and crafting as well, but that's pretty much all there is right now. There are some hostile animals but so far I encountered 2 and just because I strayed from my shelter...With really not much combat or surviving to do (all you gotta do is eat and drink) the best part of this game is building / crafting materials and tools. And at that, this game is VERY good. I should probably also mention that you have a lot of furnitures to choose from to complete your rooms, but yeah.The only complaint I have right now about it is the lack of a real danger, something that will force me to build a shelter and to do it quick. But assuming it will come in the future, this game has a lot of potential, so I do recommend buying it."
76561198081042619,Recommended,324080,27698701,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,karver123,its like minecraft but beautiful. its early access and already contains mores.it does get boring really fast but what crafting game doesnt. im excited to see where the Devs will take this game.despite the min specs this game does work on lower end pcs but its a bit hit or miss if it will. my wifes has an 8 yr old toshiba laptop and it works great on there but i have a 4 yr old asus laptop and its really choppy. all im saying dont let the min specs scare you off.its a great time waster and fun to play with your friends.
76561198030975938,Recommended,324080,13659551,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bjdibbins,"Having played one of the most popular block building games for some time, I was interested in trying out something that looked like it provided a similar experience, but with more lifelike graphics. So let's get down to some of what I've already discovered about this game - which as I write this is still in early access alpha stage.1. As I write this, the only resources you need to worry about collecting are logs and stone. Metal is presently freely available from the anvil, so you can do all of the building and construction you like without waiting for the ores to be implemented.2. Building... what a pleasure! Without describing all of the various wood, stone, marble and metal construction materials available, I will say that you have far greater ability to rotate many of your items and place items at various angles. You can use a grid and change the size of the grid for more precise placement, and your imagination is the only limit I've found. Check out some of the screenshots in the community forum.Edit: Having spent some time going through all of the different crafting stations I can now report there are currently 306 items available for crafting, and if you include all of the shape and colour variations it adds up to just over 2,000 combinations (plus you can upload your own pictures for additional decorations. Some items like the woodplanks can be rotated in three dimensions with 24 different settings for each. 15 degree rotation x 3 = 72 options for positions, though since front and back images are the same, realistically that is only (!) 36 positions. 45 of those 306 items are currently freely available to craft, but you'll need to gather logs and stone for the rest.3. Some special features. Some of the things I haven't seen in other games is the ability to use some of the items you create. Sitting at the table is somewhat expected, but playing actual tunes and chords on the piano was definitely surprising. You can shape the landscape by using tools like the rake and sledgehammer, and tree planting has just been introduced in the latest update.The cons:Survival at the present time is assured - providing you avoid falling in caves. The developers assure us that the game will include the normal issues to deal with such as hostiles, hunger, etcSome people have also reported some problems getting the game started, and this is nearly always due to their Java installations. If you have a 64bit OS, you probably only have a 32bit Java installed. You'll need to download and install the latest 64bit version, then I'd suggest you reboot your computer to start clean. There is a thread on the forums about how to resolve this if you are affected. It took me less than 10 minutes to sort it out myself, so as long as you are sensible and don't try messing around unnecessarily with the task manager you shouldn't have any trouble.If you do have any issues though, the devs are around very regularly offering support and assistance - and when I say regularly I mean at least daily from what I've seen so far. There are a lot of happy Rising World purchasers in the community willing to help as well.The TL;DR version - if you like building and shaping your environment, then you can do most of that now (still waiting on water). If you want to hunt monsters or farm, you may want to follow along for a bit and wait until they've been implemented."
76561198053371335,Recommended,324080,14615094,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Jimbob,"Even though this title is in very early stages in development, i would recommend it to fans of building/exploration/survival games. I think we can expect to see great things from these devs. they listen to suggestions, and seem to be really focused on where they want to take this game. I think the spawn update was a much needed addition, as it makes your builds much more like home, and makes players really want to get out there and explore.I have spent days on this game already, simply absorbed in with the sheer realism, and i look forward to future updates. Definately worth the coin in my opinion."
,Recommended,324080,14789305,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,=247= wildbill2003,this is fun
76561198202352001,Recommended,324080,18450319,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ScottSwags 7,"Sorry, my last yet pretty dumb and  unhelpful review was a total crap bag I must fix my mistake. Dear, fellow shoppers I present you... Rising world this game is game where you start out in the middle of nowhere you only have your trusty and faithful two... Pickaxe and Axe with alot of crafting and building you can use blocks or other realistic building materials such as planks or beams Explore nothing is impossible in the place known as Rising World for an astonishing... 14.99 hope you guys think this one was a little more helpful:) [-O-]"
76561198052579432,Recommended,324080,20790684,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dragon Slayer,"No way to explain how incredibly addicting this game is. It is easy to lose 100's of hours and not even realize it. If you like minecraft, stranded deep, and other survival games, then this is what you are looking for! 1000 percent thumbs up."
76561198164287660,Recommended,324080,20901892,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Shade Therealwolf,"Ok, first and foremost: A moment of silence for our beloved Minecaft..... ok thats enough, lets get this done so I can get back to the game.Its brilliant. DId you like Minecraft? Great, get it. Now. Stop reading, and get this game.Lets start with the negatives. Get comfortable, cuz theres a lot:I dont like the swings graphics for the axe.Thats it. Ive been playing for all of maybe an hour, and thats the only super big complaint so far. I havent yet figured out how to get seeds to plant in the farmland, but Im sure theres a very simple mechanic Im missing.Twice now Ive questioned my reality. ""Is this game real? Am I really playing this game? A game which has virtually satisfied everything I have ever wanted in a sandbox game?""Theres much more I could say with many more words, but Im starting to have withdrawals....I dont eve care about spelling at this point, back to the game. Get it"
,Not Recommended,324080,24012648,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lucis,Minecraft for adults with autistic tendencies. & This game has something in common with my grandma: both dead.
76561198051525034,Recommended,324080,25034117,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Potato Pierre,"I am really enjoying this game. Got it for 12€. I really like Minecraft but got bored of it. After trying this game, i am pleased to give it a positive review. It's like a mix of Minecraft and Rust imho. I like the graphics, the game mechanics and the whole survival part. I also like the crafting. My cons would be limited content, terraforming or w.e. is kinda difficult imo but not too bad and materials and sometimes certain animals, can be hard to find. But it is still early access, alot can be changed before final release and this game has huge potential. Really satisfied with my purchase :)"
76561198088059493,Recommended,324080,25815346,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mardoin69,"So, I was looking around for games like this and seen people listing from 5 to 15 ""Like Minecraft"" games. Most were either not really like Minecraft at all or simply full of bugs, not being worked on anymore, no realistic qualities, or not very well made i.m.o. Once I seen reviews, videos, pictures, & price of this game, I knew it must be what I was looking for. It's still being worked on and new features are coming. But, what is already in-game is pretty bug-free, very playable, super realistic (unlike Minecraft) and very fun to play if you have a creative side that needs quenching. Having met some others online and seeing what they've built is really amazing, beautiful, full of detail, and definitely well worth the small price tag. It seems to me that this game beats all others like it hands down. I don't think there is much you can't do in it as far as creativity goes although the devs continue to add great features. All you out there wanting a game you can build in similar to Minecraft MUST BUY THIS GAME!!!! Seriously! I really love it!"
76561197999524477,Recommended,324080,13566566,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Deadalot,This game will be awesome once it gets filled with more content. Can't wait to explore the world and get lost in scarry cavesystems
76561198000573369,Recommended,324080,13898845,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Vlakvarkie,The game is great.Definitely worth buying for $10 in current condition.  Still under development but I am eagerly awaiting the impovements.There are still bugs but I am sure the devs are working on it and that the whole package will deliver on what is a promising adventure.Well done to the devs for a good job done thus far.
76561198098019142,Recommended,324080,15229028,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,NinjachodeⓇ,Excellent. This game is such a good game. It has great potential and can't wait for it to be bug-free!
76561198097060893,Recommended,324080,16092236,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Mr.Jack,THIS game is awesome! the developers are very supportive and they fix all of your problems ! i specially thanks the developer who fixed my problem! thanks you red51!
76561198017572964,Recommended,324080,16755640,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,jon,"Alpha 0.5.7.6/7 ReviewJust an edit to change to an Upvote. There appears to have been a 'stealth' patch 0.5.7.6 and since then (and 0.5.7.7), I have not experienced any more random invisible holes in the terrain (other when I've tried the fly-mode when it seems you can fly through the ground and then die - but then trying to fly through the ground should be realistic enough to kill you so I can hardly complain about that!)Discovered that running uphill to escape bears was far more practical.  Turning around half-way up a mountain and hacking at them with a freshly sharpened battleaxe tends to slow them down a fair bit too...There are still animal collision errors but these aren't game breaking imho so I can live with those and I'm sure will get fixed in future updates.Glad to be back enjoying RW...Alpha 0.5.7.5 ReviewI'd like to make it clear from the start that my downvote is Not Recommended At The Moment.  I think this game shows a lot of promise and has the grounding to develop a great deal of scope but let me provide a brief synopsis of my first three games:1: Spawned next to a bear, died. Respawned next to same bear, died, Respawned, ran away bleeding profusely, made it all the way to the plains, could no longer hear bear, turned around, mauled by bear and died2: Game with caves. Spent a couple of hours deforesting, mining my area and caves, only found coal. After an hour or so of collecting coal, fell through ground and died3: Game without caves - yippee - ores now appear on the ground! Found iron, copper, tungsten, aluminium and coal in the first few hours.  Built a small base, workbenches, anvil, lots of food, campfire grill.  Went exploring, got lost as no clear waypoints to view but collected more ore and decided to build another base and then hopefully find my way back.  Fell through ground, diedSo after ten hours of gaming I've got nothing to show for it other than a base I can't find and the distinct possibility of losing my inventory through a pretty game-breaking bug.  Also, the collision detection for animals is broken as they can wander through walls (so running back to your stone-walled base to escape a bear isn't an option - they'll just appear next to you).This is early Alpha and hopefully the developers (who, so far, seem to be really active in updating - let's hope that continues!) will fix the bugs, add some more content and I can go back to this in a while and enjoy the experience.Additional 29Jun15:Tried one more game.  Played for a couple of hours, no issues. Reloaded the next day and the terrain around my base has 'dropped' completely, mountains are now mainly invisible and items are spawning in mid-air. If I walk around dropped terrain, I fall into complete darkness and my only option is the command console goto #spawn. So still not recommended..."
76561198067198869,Recommended,324080,16984656,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Monkey Mouth,"I would recommend this game. I'll review based on the negatives, BUT don't let that make you think by any stretch I think this is a bad game to any extend. I give it an honest 8/10. Onwards! (All I say is respective to the fact it is early release).This game falls flat on several different areas but the main area I think it falls down on is it's seemingly cluttered nature. Once you get used to it, it does turn out to be slightly clearer, but still largely it will be quite hard to grasp and often times downright hideous to maneuver which can and does make building things quite hard to start doing. No doubt this will clear up, but for now I would say that is it's largest failing. The world seems to be a bit mix and match - you can spend a while searching and only find the same 5 things which can make builing something quite hard.All this said, though, don't be put off by it because once you begin to grasp the basics (and I highly recommend getting Google's help at regular intervals) the game can be rather absorbing and you may find hours vanish. I love digging as deep as possible and, man you can go far down!This may seem like a contradiction, but bear with me. The simplicity of it is a good thing. Normally there are thousands of buttons that need to be hit within a second at the exact same time for you to move forward, but this game is rather simpler in this regards. Need to hit rock, tree, mud or animal? Left click. No song and dance and prayers to the great God King Wallibandiwando. Just click.Some other functions might be a bit harder, but the controls are nice and fairly intuative.Lastly, the emptyness can be a little... boring, I guess. I wouldn't mind maybe encountering a semi-civilized creature out there with whom I can trade or communicate with for added ease... or aggrevate and attack for added spice. That would eb nice, but without at least 2-3 friends, the world seems too empty and, dare I say it; stagnant.The conclusion is it is overall a cute game, if nothing else. Nice and simple to control, a little hard to craft and maneuver around in addition to being sometimes boring and stagnant, but the world is overall quite nice and is capable of consuming a while. For a small game, it is surprisingly well crafted and comfortable.8/10 so far. Once it is complete, I will rewrite or edit this if needed and hopefully give it better... or give it worse, depending on what the developers do...Update from 11th Jul 15 - 8th Jan 16: A lot has been added and *some* of what I said above has been seen to. So far, recommendation stands."
76561198086305065,Recommended,324080,13686510,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sirhc,Lovin this game move over minecraft
,Recommended,324080,13978218,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,BlueAlopex,"I haven't played too much of this game, but what I have played I thoroughly enjoyed and I can't wait to see the finished product!I am also giving this a positive review is because when I was having a problem launching the game, one of the moderators went above and beyound to help me, which is practically unheard of when it comes to getting help in video games these days. And I really do mean above and beyound for the help! Thank You Red51!"
,Recommended,324080,15944798,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Keiralee,"I'm not typically into building games but I just spent like 5 hours straight on this one! It is so awesome to have a more realistic verison of something that is similar to Minecraft. I even love the little details, like how you can actually play the piano. This game has a good protiental! I'd like to see character customisation in the full verison! Well done so far with the game though!"
76561198045264166,Recommended,324080,17639803,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,realist123,"Definetly worth the $16.99 they are asking for it.  I would have paid $30 and not been disapointed.   16.99 is not a lot for a game you can spend countless hours on and that captivates you.   As the game currently stands I wouldn't pay $50 if they eventually run up the price, but who knows maybe they will have some groundbreaking improvements, like a working hand saw to cut boards to size needed or something else.Gather a bunch of resources and then test out your construction worker skill in building a home, that is fun.  Also dig holes in the ground by mining.  The game has a couple of neat touches, I've seen in my early 3 hours into it.  The sound of a tree falling is nice etc.The only main negative I have is the game can be a little boring (gathering resources, slow thought out construction work), do not get me wrong that doesn't stop me from playing it.  I can always let it sit awhile and I will want to play it again after a break.I'm satisfied with my purchase and I'm glad I didn't listen to the standing out negative reviews.------- Update -------I learned you can make boards a different length, through some button pushes on your keyboard."
,Recommended,324080,19040805,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Severan,"This game is beautiful.At my age, I'm starting to lose touch with conventional videogames, and I've also lost touch with Minecraft. Nothing seems fun to play anymore, except this.I'm someone who gets bored with literally every single thing in life, and yet, this game seems to take that away.No matter who you are, or where you live, or what you like, you need to try this videogame. At least watch a gameplay video on YouTube or something...It's just so fantastic, the visuals, the buildings, the dynamics, EVERYTHING! I don't even experience lag in this game when I get 10-15 fps in Minecraft on the same goddamn computer!Here are some of the features that make this game great: (By the way, in all my years on Steam, this is the only review I have ever written)+Stunning visuals, and beautiful landscapes+No lag, while still retaining the jaw-dropping graphics+No blockiness or pixellation+Fairly realistic gameplay and mining+Hunger and thirst as well as crafting dynamics are all really simple but also what you would expect in the real world+If you hate games that have a goal and ending, as well as games that feel limiting, then you're in luck. This game has an endless count of possibilities and it never gets old.Things the game could use:(Seeing as this game is early access, there are going to be bugs/glitches and things that are still being worked on)-Vehicles (maybe even something that flies?)-Technology like computers and generation/use of electricity, instead of lightbulbs automatically being lit!-Maybe some sort of fluid dynamics so you can, for instance, create a dam, and harness the energy, and maybe have to beware of flooding/rain-More survival needs, like warmth could also serve a more realistic purpose-In general I think there are things that should be added over the course of the game's development.I love this game, and I think it's great to be a part of something that is still developing, and an overall friendly and nice community of players. Nobody is snobby, nobody just trolls you or griefs, the players are all mature people who just want to relax and have fun.My rating for Rising World is 11/10. Any human being with the ability to reason properly should take a look at this game."
76561198190106451,Recommended,324080,21193852,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Otaku™,The Honest Developer Early Access  I Ever See..Great Game.. Cant wait For More Update..8/10 u Guys Should buy it..
76561197995213735,Recommended,324080,24338613,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Condorman,Love this game.
76561198099617942,Recommended,324080,28948660,Posted: 2 January,all,Flagg Hopperchest,"This game is some kind of a realistic Minecraft; you can terraform the entire world, build whatever you want and gather many different kinds of resources. The graphics are really good for a game like this and I would easely say that it's better than Ark Survival (to take one example). -This is simply because the possibility of building is close to limitless. Explore caves, dungeons, forests, mountains and tundras. Dig mines to find and process ore, build towns and cities.. -It's the ""perfect"" game for people who loves architecture and to simply build and use the imagination.I've only played for 20 hours or so, so I cannot say for sure how much you can build before framerate becomes a problem. There's also quite some problems with connection to Steam... and as far as I can tell, there's no way to play the game in offline mode. I might be wrong about this, though. But what is for sure, is that there are problems with the connection. The game will not launch many of the times and you simply have to wait for hours before it suddenly works fine again.Shortly said: The game is really good for an alpha and has alot of potential.. it might in fact outstand Minecraft in the future. However, I have big problems with launching the game. It gets quite annoying, but I'm sure this will get better with time. If you manage to launch it, it won't crash (haven't for me at least)."
,Recommended,324080,23668871,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Bashore101,I keep getting mauled by tigers.
,Recommended,324080,28178146,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,PrismarineGamer,"This game is totally awesome, i definetely recomend people buy this, i have had so much fun, can't wait for more features and more survival aspects but it is so fun!!"
76561198116595432,Recommended,324080,32399483,Posted: 13 June,all,fussyjason,"Really epic game, i want to play it more often when i have time only prob is the scaffolds, no objects can be placed on em like chests or signs lights or beds but overall BEST GAME EVAH"
76561198051209742,Recommended,324080,29373020,Posted: 20 January,all,AlphaWolf777,This is the best early access game that I've played so far! I really hope that they keep updating the game often and finish it. It has so much potential to be one of the best open world sandbox games out there.
,Recommended,324080,29936199,Posted: 14 February,all,Morty C-137,"Soooooo good. When I started playing this game, I was like no way! The graphics are so nice! The fact that the game is in Alpha is very surprising. So many games out there in Alpha that doesnt have the things that this game has. Highly recomend playing this game. Even playing with my friends on my server is so much fun. Good job Red and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,324080,30353226,Posted: 6 March,all,Kumoa,"HOLY CRAP! I LOVE IT! 4 hours , I haven' t played much of anything 4 hours straight in a while, usually get bored. Love this game , GET IT!"
,Recommended,324080,25453678,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,favorkind,"Hey.So I've played this game for awhile now and my verdict is it's a fun game.It looks quite realistic and they're adding new things to make it better.So far I haven't even had any issues with it except that now it's crashing on me. But I'm sure this will be fixed in the future.I do recommend getting this game, it's fun to pass the time with.~ Favorkind."
76561198080381818,Recommended,324080,25410873,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Elwyen,"Some slight issues, though it may just be my machine acting up. Wouldn't doubt it.Issues I've encountered:* Crash on world creation (Only happens once, after restart every time it loads right up no problem and remains stable).* Multiplayer will drop everyone except host after a few minutes. (All ports required are open).Yup, those are the only two I've had an issue with so for an early access game I definitely give props to the developers.Pros:* Complete creativity with an advanced method that minecraft is based on. It is block based for placement but unlike minecraft, you have a lot of choices for rounded walls, spiked walls, slopes, stairs, etc.* Your choice in how you want to build will be more rewarding with the more you play. Your building skill will increase gradually and it's very noticeable.* If you like mining, you'll love this. You'll be digging in to the earth and all of a sudden, a chasm will open up leading to exploring and discovery of more rare materials.* Aside from single player, you can jump on servers to see what others have accomplished. ASK ASK ASK. Always ask if you're curious on how someone did something. For the most part, others are pretty open to teaching newier players how to accomplish something whether by just talking to them or actually showing them. Decently friendly (All games have bad apples).I would definitely recommend this game over minecraft if this is your kind of game. If it's not (as it wasn't when I started to play), it may very well open up your gaming experience to show you an interest you didn't originally know you had."
76561198031353211,Recommended,324080,30844981,Posted: 30 March,all,maythorne,This is a very good builder game and the devs have taken great care to incorporate fully integrated crafting stations.  Learning the more advanced building techniques did take me a while but now I'm hooked.  Currently working on a small village and hope to see more craftables in future updates.Meeting basic needs for character survival is much too easy.  I do like the options to enable/disable vegetation and different animals which can make survival more difficult.  Overall the game needs to be much more challenging in survival mode and I would like to see difficulty levels and also permadeath.  Most of the large animals can kill you (though few are inherently hostile) and monsters will be added at some point.  There's clearly a lot in the works and I look forward to seeing it.
76561197963360231,Recommended,324080,29295349,Posted: 16 January,all,[SXR] Slave,They doing a great Job!!
76561198034286355,Recommended,324080,32998943,Posted: 29 June,all,$teampunkKitties,Only 20 mins into the game and I am already loving it. Tried another similar game earlier today but when I tried this one...there was no comparrison. Only problem for me is having no map to find my way back to my camp lol. So far so good!
76561198347142950,Recommended,324080,33865419,Posted: 28 July,all,Feuzaed,"This game imo is one of my favorite survival games out there. Even though the content might not be as plentiful as games like Minecraft, it's still one of my favorite games to play whether I just want to have a good time or work on a project in the current game.Recommended."
76561197970571781,Recommended,324080,35252530,Posted: 27 September,all,bb,"First review after 173 hoursAfter months of intermittent play I felt compelled to write a review.This game has one of the most robust building systems of anything I have seen.  If you enjoy the trial of survival building, it will keep you challenged.  If creative building is more your speed it is extremely flexible and the terraforming tools are very powerful. *See the gallery*  Survival play is coming along and improving.I am highly anticipating the upcoming avatar update and reworking of the animations.  I think this update may be the spark that ignites the popularity of this game.  Have male/female avatars and appearance customization will truly make people feel at home.The developer has been incredibly dedicated and quality focused.  I know that this game will continue to grow and improve.  He is dedicated in his support through the forums and is very patient and customer focused.I have read that the terrain generation may see an update next year.  The terrain generation is very good (Water update was great). I would like to see additional generation options such as...NOTE:  The following are not complaints but a wishlist :)Dictate larger biomes or select which biomes to include in the generation.More varied seashores (rocky like the northwest pacific of the U.S. or fjords) in addition to sand and palm trees.A density setting for cave generation and ponds.A portion of mountaintops be more rounded (older looking) and longer.  Perhaps that would be a differnt biome?This next one is way out there...(difficult)  An occaisonal water filled trench from the base of a mountain (Spring) to a lake.Okay.  Nuff.I understand that there are EA games that fizzle due to poor quality, inattention and bad architecture decisions.  Time has shown that this one won't be one of those.  The developer has a vision and is steadily and carefully achieving it."
,Not Recommended,324080,33122226,Posted: 2 July,all,ᴬ Pumpkin Spice,"Game has too many glitches, I was mining and fell into a black hold under the map and couldn't get my body, admin said it happens alot. Characters look like they have down syndrome and the floating axe you hold with no arms looks terrible. Needs alot of work, not worth buying in current state,"
,Recommended,324080,31283675,Posted: 21 April,all,[BlackPanter]SSniper,Verry good and much better than minecraft and way more realistic.Its early access so if they will fix bugs ect. game will become verry popular and great.
76561198272028937,Recommended,324080,29220285,Posted: 13 January,all,kellytcrum,"this is a good building and exploration game,"
,Recommended,324080,29253700,Posted: 14 January,all,sahranenie,"Real fun game. Highly recommended. Probably underestimated by US gamers. Not a Minecraft clone, but a Minecraft alternative."
76561197970726955,Recommended,324080,33511222,Posted: 13 July,all,Daxst3r,"A lot of work has gone into this game, it's pretty good fun to play, build stuff and interact with other players.On the downside some server owners are turning it into Minecraft, countless servers full of crazy scripts, huge spawn cities, shops (how do these work?????), teleporters, etc etc. If you just want to play the game, it can be hard to find a decent vanilla server to play on.From the perspective of running a server, it's very hard to get any help,  there's a website for scripts which just seems to take you around in circles with no way to actually download anything, I swear everything is overly complex to deter anyone who is not one of the ""cool kids"", I suspect there are hidden pixel sized download links that only a few people know about, sometimes you do get lucky and find snippets of info on the forums.The game has a lot of potential, but unfortunately it's going to fail if the community doesn't stop trying to exclude newcomers."
76561198063659502,Recommended,324080,35125405,Posted: 22 September,all,cozzmat51,the devs need to up date more there ment to be an up date last moth but never happend so far this game is pretty good i enjoy it the only really good server on the game i got banned from but its ok ive found another either way hopefully the devs aint dropped it its got an awesome build system and style from minecraft style building to building with poles and boards awesome game if you wanna build a wicked house and what not ALSO THERES HEMP but you cant smoke it sadly but i hope you can in furure
,Recommended,324080,13220300,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Tanner,It is good for a first day release. It needs a forum and a bug tracker though. There are glitches like not being able to open the furnace and thirst/hunger not going down. Also when you kill an animal I feel you should get meet from it. I am enjoying building my base though. I will recommend this game but you have to be patient with it.
,Recommended,324080,15100911,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,⎛⎝Duckers⎠⎞,"A very fun game and has a promising future!Think of minecraft, but with a smooth terrain and nature instead of just blocks.I can't wait until this game gets more stuff! Like ores, melting, proper ingredients for making stuff!But what this game needs in the future is steam workshop."
,Recommended,324080,25124456,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Dork Dankula,"As my near 50 hours show, even in this early stage, I am loving Rising World.It's everything I love about MC, but more.Still think it needs Yeti."
,Recommended,324080,21418548,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Billiez_Bluez,"Date:2/23/16Game VersionAlpha 0.6.4.6Think back to your childhood video game favorite. If your a true gamer it shoudn't take you that long.A game that you remember even after those fancy new games that came out with high res graphics and virtual reality headsets...those games that are timeless because it was your first. Kind of like a first love. lol only for us nerds who would rather fight robot zombies online than deal with real people.Those games stick in our memories not because they made the most money or had the best advertisements. (money being something most google play apps strictly strive for)Those games were good because they made us feel something.Rising World is athmospheric for it's peacful scenery and haunting music soundtrack. Rising World is subtle in the sense that you build the world around you, similar to minecraft, however more immersive. Allowing you to place furniture and play instruments.perfect for those who want to relive the gameplay even 30 years from now.thank you to the devs... Only in Alpha and you've already won me over.~Billie"
,Recommended,324080,15096852,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Trillnar,"This is shaping up to be one of the Better voxel building games.  Better  graphics then most. I would rocommend it as it looks very promising at this time . It is still VERY early in development but  the things you can do with  this procedurally generated, virtually endless world are endless. I am not a hack and slash fan so I love the various modes available. It is well worth the purchase.ADDENDUMSince I first wrote this review.  The game is still making extremely SLOW progress. I would not expect it to be finished for a long time (over a year or more) though. There are only 1 or 2 people working on it. It is still worth purchasing if you do not mind the wait.. It is one of the only games that you can play as you want and that is a positive step.The Quality of the world needs to be improved. There is far more to a world , then a huge grass field placed there to cover up  the stepped apperance of  a voxel  world.  A lot more needs to be added like rocks, different kind of minerals and other things.The Building blocks look fine but the appearance of the world  needs to be addressed ."
76561198019198267,Recommended,324080,15855640,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,LawzoL,"This is nice!This is very nice. My main hobby is Urbex, so already built a massive multi room underground bunker with everything a survival colony could ever need including a loo and bog roll holder.There aren't any physics though, so you can just place blocks anywhere and they don't fall, but not an issue.Worth it on sale next and can see this becoming a bit of a hit if the devs don't do a runner like the rest of them."
76561197966541011,Recommended,324080,33827418,Posted: 27 July,all,Danzilla,"I'm loving the game so far. A lot of attention to detail and as a former fan of Minecraft I hear a lot of people calling it a Minecraft clone. Although it is an open world/creative/sandbox/survival like literally hunderds of games out right now. The idea of this game is simple enough, however, It's more like the big brother that Minecraft always wanted to be like. Much more options and customization, Much better graphics, and more of an immersive feeling. I would suggest watching some of the YouTube video's out there when you're stuck on a problem and for advanced building tech* but it is Definatly worth the money."
,Recommended,324080,15855949,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,draco_aroch,"There's not much to do at this time and iron is given freely, but this is a solid EA game.  If you just like building/exploring, and do not mind that there is not much content, then go ahead and pick it up.  Otherwise, wait until it develops a bit more, first."
,Recommended,324080,13583687,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Plastomaa,+Great Building+Good enough multiplayer+Not a lot of bugs+Fun for any age+Does not get old+Great Graphics-some bugs glitchs (always can be fixed)-------------------------------------------Overall97/100-------------------------------------------I write reviews for games want to knowif a game is good check my reviews I scorethem on how -fun -graphics -gameplay -multiplayer (IF IT HAS IT)
,Recommended,324080,21688574,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Inmos,"I highly recommend This game, Every aspect of this game is fantastic the crafting/ Building system is greatly done The world environments , It has so many ways it can go , The Dev is very helpful , This game hit the nail right on the head .Not much more to sayDev 10/10Performance 8/10overall experience 14/10Soundtrack  10/10// A long time ago I found a game called (minecraft)I havent felt about a game sence , untill now <3 ;)Watch thos ninja bears ;P"
76561198161407932,Recommended,324080,33082342,Posted: 1 July,all,Leave me and my anime alone,u can make a wall with a bunch of porn on it using the posters10/10 wud make porn wall agen
,Recommended,324080,24547360,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,AtlasBlu45,"Have you ever wanted to mine and scavange for ressources? Have you ever wanted to explore your surrounding environment? Have you ever wanted to build a little shack or just about anything you can think of? If you want any of these, then this is the game for you!Fun with friends and alone."
,Recommended,324080,24948851,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,mixtape,"A GREAT GAMEdespite many survival games these days comming out and being terrible this game certainly puts that idea to shame. it has forged its way onto the market in a well marketed and conformed way and is overall great to play. with it being nice and relaxing in survival and building your way up. or building anything you imagin in creative. the game is very similar to minecraft in core mechanics however it has much more content and looks nicer in its own way.pros:-open world-lots of content-lots of animals (bears,pigs,elk, cows and goats from my encounters)-very nice lighting system-it takes a while to cut down trees making it all that much more important to save wood-almost anything can be done in the world from cutting grass to digging to hell-can build pre-built structures like sheds and scafolding-decent farming system despite lack of food to grow (carrots tomatoes)-pretty water-good cave system-lots of ore-different kinds of wood-multiplayer-can import images to posters-tiki torchescons:-all the games block textures when placed and in menu look like they are default from eithersketch up or photoshop-same as first con but for weapons-some what poorly optimized-you dont get hungary quick-its easy to stay alive once you have tomatoes or a canteen.-at time of writing in single players signs refuse to display the word ""♥♥♥♥♥""-signs sometimes dont display text at the time of writingOverall rising world is very fun to play and its also multiplayer meaning friends can join anytime they like. i rate the game 8/10 and would reccomend getting it!"
,Recommended,324080,34165402,Posted: 11 August,all,WOC J.Lancaster [3rdID],"This game is a fun, relaxing survival game. As many have stated, it's similar to the style of Minecraft in a lot of ways and yet it may just be me but it's a lot more fun. The amount of things you can do, not to mention the potential in roleplay, PvP or however you like to play in multiplayer is quite a long list. Given how long this game has been out and the co-operation of the developers, this game is going places.That being said, everyone's entitled to their opinion, and mine is the game is very much worth the price. I'd ignore the nay-sayers. Definitely get this game."
76561197991850035,Recommended,324080,13961943,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,AkinToSin,"I like this game alot,can't wait for more features but early access is still fun with the basics."
76561197973910616,Recommended,324080,18590989,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,jwfoxhound,"This game is hands down the most addictive game yet.  Im a 38 year old dude and I love it.  It is missing water and some other things in its alpha stage, but it is so fun and the server I am on is great.  A MUST BUY!"
76561198269194888,Recommended,324080,25288101,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bradster_Bitts Hyplex.co,Hey! I am writing a review of the age group that should play this. Before I got this game my parents wanted to see what age group should play this game. I looked on over 10 websites to find the answer to it. so then I got it. I find it a very fun game. If you like the adventure (MineCraft) style type of game this is the game for you. It is a realistic MineCraft. So I would say that the age on this game would be okay for 8 years plus. But if you have a little bit of leeway on your kids than it would be 6 years and over. there is a bit of blood spurts when you hit a animal but that is only there for a second. So like I said about 8 and over in my opinion.
76561198034483654,Recommended,324080,21872704,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,CyroDemon,Rising World is better than MInecraft
76561198045830984,Recommended,324080,14102139,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,|Tf2Ĥãts| Mr.Dr.Spy Crab memes,"I have no real veiw on this game, other than it looks good, but u have to have a godlike graphics card to play it, definetly check ur equipment before u spend any money on this game."
76561198141704428,Recommended,324080,17446556,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,THE BRITISH BULLDOG,this is an amazing game just need more wildlife to kill and more building options but totally recommand this game
,Recommended,324080,13940479,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Zeo Mause,"Honestly, I am suprized that this is early access because it is already good off of what it started with.Ideas:-Smidge improvement of graphics-Monsters-Better animationRealistic Minecraft here."
76561198070919348,Recommended,324080,13259934,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ArcherTyson,I may not have played much of this game so far but I can easily say this is worth the money.Though with all early acsess there are problems like missing recipes but I am looking forward to its development 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,324080,24351003,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,PancakeHeavyTG,hehehe... i was trying to drink so there no thirsty land So i keep dieing myself and thirsty is full xD tips if you cant find thirsty land
,Recommended,324080,20895549,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Zeara,"I really, REALLY like what this game is doing, keep it up devs!"
76561198140051945,Recommended,324080,14593093,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,jayjay,"if you like minecraft then youll gonna love this game cant really fault it for early acess done a very good job once this game has its full content gonna knock the socks off minecraft,theres a couple of small bugs but nothing that would really bother you.graphics look alright plenty off starting building blocks which include circular ones too the blocks place easily,the mining is good not taking out blocks at atime but real holes like on space engineers and planet explorers none of the minecraft block at atime rubbish it doesnt have no metal resouces yet just rock and soil (thats all ive found) you can get down to the lava.Tree cutting is good they do actually fall down then you have to chop the fallen tree to convert to small logs,which then can be converted to lumber which is used to make over stuff,you get saplings and apples fall from trees. (apples only from none pine trees)you get hunger and thirst,food types are at the moment apples,melons,bacon,pork rib steak and beef steak the meat has to be cooked and changes colour depending on how long its left be carful not to leave too long as it burns.you can only clench your thirst with melons and apples at the moment as no water yet :( it does a lil bit for your hunger but meat is better to eat for that as gives far more health.Items in the game that you can craft are good il just name a thew, beds,toilet,sink,blinds,kitchen counters,toilet roll holder,sofa,chairs,thrones,loads of diff lights and torch type lights you can even put a photo of yourself on your wall as a poster thats just a thew too many too list.Weapons are in game too like morning star and sword no ranged weapons yet, has plenty of hand tools like rake,axe,slegde hammer,pick axe, sickle etc all work well.there is metal in game but its all unlimited at the moment til they put the resouce in i think(take advantage of that in survival mode and stock up).farming is going to be added soon and water hopefully wont be too far behind ive only played on single player survival mode so can comment on multiplayer yet but will do in the future, this game has great potential to be the new minecraft of the future will add more to reveiw in the future its just a small bit about the game if you want to know more then i would really recomend buying it, keep the good work up guys youve done a good job on it! :)"
76561197963686337,Recommended,324080,25718153,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Brew Master,"Great Game but needs help.  It should not be described as a survival game at all.  You can collect enough food running around the country side in 5 mins to last forever.  Building is really cool but once you build a house one time, it is old after that.  Unless you want to build great big detailed places, then I can see how it would be more interesting.  I dont like multiple terrains on one map either.  Seems like it is lacking adventure to me.  Good weekend or two worth of playing and for the price probably makes sense to invest in it."
,Recommended,324080,13618724,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Teckademics,"You know that ""realistic minecraft"" game that everyone thought would be awesome, well this is it. I will admit the game was pretty confusing to get running at first then I realized I just needed to download the ""offline version of Java 8 update 25"" and bam I'm in the game and everything is running perfectly.Pros: Tons of craftable items, beautful graphics, well optimized, lighing effects are amazing, terrain shaping is a 1000x better than Minecraft or 7 Days to Die. You can also host your own dedicated server. Weekly updates and super active devs. If you look at the official forums, posts from months ago suggesting Item XXXXX be added and you look in the game to see that the item was added. That's that kind of devs we need more of.Cons: This is a slow game. It takes forever to break rock and cut down trees. There is no point to the game (yet) because there are no enemies, there is no hunger or thirst but the dev has confirmed it's incoming. Other than that for $14 I would highly suggest this game. Especially if it starts to turn out like Minecraft.As a side note also check outwww.reddit.com/r/risingworld"
,Recommended,324080,15144367,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,aba sha,the best crafting/surviving game ever ! 11/10
76561198154868594,Recommended,324080,15313057,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,nickweavs,"I've had the game for two days now and found myself slightly addicted. Not bad at all for the alpha version, this game has plenty of potential. Big things await once it reaches past alpha."
,Recommended,324080,17374292,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,JustSmyle (Abjar),"I like it. Why:-Nice graphics.(when you chop a tree it fall, not wood jus apear in your inventory)-Not to many random crashes like other survival games.-You can make anything you want.-If you look at disk space that it need (500mb... I know it changed maybe but now this is it) is normal to have some bug onther games have 5-20gb and lots more bugs and I see it updates often so it have some potencial.It have some problems too:-Too easy.(when you fight with a bear it stop and then it attack, a goat can kill you faster)-Not many crafting recepies(with stone you can make almost any block and you can make new axes and pickaxes but they are unbreakeble) - I think that will change in some updates, but for now I want to mention it.-After 8 hours of gameplay on a survival map you make all the thinks you need(ore, wood ,etc) for small construction if you want to build asowme thinks(I want to say I want to build more stuff but..... I don't know wat :) )"
,Recommended,324080,19533837,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kalimah,"THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS!!  IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS, THEN WAIT BEFORE YOU BUY IT!  As of right now, you probably will get bored after a couple of hours playtime because there isn't much to do after awhile BUT if you want to be part of the games development, then get it! People still have loads of fun just building stuff.  SMALL DEV TEAM  will most likely answer your questions in the forums.  If you are here for Rust like pvp, please..... just go away. Minecraft is still being updated today and they have a huge team behind it compared to this game.  If this game continues down the path for which it's on,  this game will blow MC outta the water hands down.  It's still early access but damn it's good.  Devs are great but updates are slow.  That's what you get for having a small dev team making a game.  Right now I'm holding off from playing until a lot more stuff is added into it."
,Recommended,324080,25841765,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,-StRzAlEcZkA-,"""Anything is possible!""/\ THATS TRUE :)  This game is really amazing! bueatufull world,graphicks everything is so beauty O.Oso you ask me  "" did you like it "" ?? ""i love it! its f..ING GREAT  REALLY .YOU HAVE ALOT OF WORK SO GO WORK!! DO THIS FOR ALL PLAYERS TO SHOW THEM THE BEST SURVIVAL GAME EVER!! :)Early Access, Survival, Open World"
76561198170058985,Recommended,324080,32280766,Posted: 8 June,all,Stimar,"Interesting... needs to refine their gameplay before they add new content, though... quality before quantity."
,Recommended,324080,18298838,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Argent Prime,"As a general rule I don't like to leave reviews for unfinished games, BUT Rising World is an exeption. It's just fun, looks pretty, solid gameplay stable builds, Devs always want feedback, and if it keeps on the path it's heading down honestly it could VERY easily replace Minecraft. Some of the Sandbox physics just make sence (alot of similar games lack the ability to customise in the same way you can in this.In short PURCHACE THIS GAME, the Devs deserve the support!"
,Recommended,324080,13260008,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,[The Real] Borath,Just released a few days ago and looks fantastic! Very minecraft like and I really like this game but being able to craft certain things like flashlights and such sort of bring it down. Cant wait for more updates! I know this is new but I think everyone should invest in this game.... Now get to work!
,Recommended,324080,20122848,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sugarbuzz,"tl;dr A fresh and lovely take on the open world survival sandbox genre:buy it and enjoy!Main ReviewI love this game! Not the least for the developer(s) and the community.Rising World is simple, engaging and rewarding without being boring, difficult or grindy. Somehow Rising World strikes this rare, perfect and seemingly contradictory balance - and it's a happy thing to experience.Despite its apparent simplicity, Rising World is simply beautiful. Wandering around the forests and hills is relaxing yet stimulating. The soundscape is peaceful and crisp.The pace of gameplay seems perfect to me: not so fast as to be hectic yet not so slow as to be tedious. For example, I'll mine for a bit and find some copper. Cool! But I need iron. So I mine and mine some more and find some tungsten...OK, I will probably need this later...then I mine and mine some more, find coal, find more coal, and just when I start to feel like I'm never going to find iron, boom, I find a big old patch of it!The atmosphere of the game is enchanting. I greatly enjoy using the rake to make trails and pathways from my house or my mine to the nearby forests. I like dotting the roads with torches. I love going out on these trails for hunting/gathering expeditions and chopping down some trees. To me the experience is just captivating yet serene.So to further describe Rising World (RW) I'm going to make some comparisons and contrasts to Minecraft (MC) here - sorry but when all that you've had in your town is McDonald's it's the only thing you can use as comparison when you finally get an In-N-Out Burger or maybe it would be more accurate to call Rising World a KFC to Minecraft's McDonald's...but now I'm just making myself hungry, so here I go.The sheer number and types of building blocks you can craft far outstrips vanilla MC, as does the ability to construct buildings. The building capabilities of RW seem closer to Second Life than to MC or other blocky builders - though far, far easier to handle than Second Life's. The buildings I've seen on multiplayer servers are awesome!...my own are...well, not quite as awesome, but they still are made of beautiful blocks! I especially like hollowing-out a cave from the side of a hill and making a cozy evil-boss lair. It's quite enjoyable.I haven't engaged in any PvP (it's not my bag), so I can't comment on that aspect. There isn't any real machinery or mechanics yet, but the developer will be adding electricity, wires and logic controllers in the future. The Mobs are very simple at this point: nothing magical (i.e., no zombies which is a rather nice and refreshing change). Just watch out for Tigers and Bears, oh my! And the creatures of the world don't seem to do much path finding, so you'll find you can escape predators by running to the far side of a hole in the ground. I fear the day the AI is updated.So, speaking of updates, the development process is consistent and transparent. And the help and support on the forums is just great. I recently had a pretty annoying and weird problem that I caused, and when I brought it to their attention it was fixed within a few hours. Do you know how great that feels? :)Get Rising World.Even in its early access form it's just a nice, fun, excellently made game."
,Recommended,324080,14166454,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Anorak,When I tried to change it to fullscreen it crashed and I can't open it anymore? Can someone help me with this?
,Recommended,324080,17367070,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,JuridicalDrake,My first survival day on this game: i spawn in the world  1. Testing how big settings my computer can handle=ultra2. Chop down some trees 3. I see moose 4. Chop more trees! 5. hit that moose with my axe 6. That moose starts chase me and almost kills me:P10/10 would hit that moose with my axe again
76561198011909322,Recommended,324080,16754034,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,zooxanthellaeh2o,"This game is sweet, I cant wait for more content!"
76561198164244152,Recommended,324080,23987959,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dotcircuit,one of the best survival games ive seen aspecially seeing as it is still an early accessimprovements:muskets (single shot rifles with a relatively slow reload but accurate and powerful)custom tools (e.g. different pickaxe heads mine faster or give more resources.)and duribility on tools and weapons seeing as this is not implimented yet
76561198086524565,Recommended,324080,16232704,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,The king of Butter▼,best game i ever played  anyone who says other wise can go suck an egg
76561198049003096,Recommended,324080,22442516,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Blackraptor13,"I love it, it's funny !!Je l'aime, c'est amusant !!"
,Recommended,324080,15009862,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,RickyX7,8/10Love the game and the aspect to it. ButEverytime i start trying to find flat land or fall a little ways i fall into lava threw the ground.Fix that and this would be a 10/10.And add more things to craft :D
76561198116363275,Recommended,324080,14994731,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,PermanentMarker,"Rising World is a great game if you enjoy playing survival type sand box games.It has a lot of pros like the animations.I absoluty love it when a tree falls, it's so relistic and fun to play.Everything about it is great, but my ONLY complaint is that every once in a while it will freeze for 5 seconds.I've tested it and it's not just my computer. I tested it on my Dad's, Mom's, Brother's, Friends, and my computer and it does the same. Besides that it's awesome.10/10"
,Recommended,324080,20505847,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Bsoy1 8<,WOW just WOW
,Recommended,324080,20521265,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,nwillis052001,"RE: The first one was in regards to a person I had problems with...YET THIS GAME IS SOOOOO AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUT I LOST AAAAAALLL MY PROGRESS I HAD SO FAR!!!!! I was gonna have a concrete foundation, and have my house built on top, LIKE IN REAL LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!! But ALL OF IT WAS WASTED, AND GONE; BECAUSE THE GROUND DEGENERATED IT'S CHUNKS WHEN I TRIED TO HAVE A FARM!!!!! I needed a farm so I could get easy access to food from where My home is... BUT THAT'S GONE NOW!!!!!!!! Would rate 10/10 if Chunk Generation was not a problem, but for now it's 8.5/10."
76561198095010216,Recommended,324080,15057367,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,toven.liefde,"I've spent a lot of time playing this game checking out its features, including the updates. So far, this game is great, I love that it isn't another survival horror game filled with zombies, sometimes you just want to build. I realize that enemies will be added to the game at some point, but I am hoping they will be realistic such as bears, wolves, and natural disaster. For anyone who is considering purchasing this game, I would say go for it, but keep in mind that it is still in Alpha and isn't finished yet."
76561198116758046,Recommended,324080,16701647,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Minato,"this is a great game although i have only played 3 hours of it. even my mom is interested in it, a first."
76561198294337528,Recommended,324080,23560436,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,bray16,love it 8 out of 10 but id like to suggest horor stuff like zombies or seril killers and  like a creepy world type to go with it i think thated be cool also sorry for my spelling its not realy my stong suit anys grat game best game thanks for making a game like minecraft but with a real looking world its asome
76561198064180538,Recommended,324080,13653921,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,vegafoxfire,good game
76561198091381892,Recommended,324080,13917546,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,massacre_mike666,I love this game! It's like minecraft but more realistic!  The look and feel of the game is amazing even with some of the glitches. I can't wait to see the finished product! ^-^
76561198169980578,Recommended,324080,14488268,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,✪Animal™,awsome one of the best games i have
,Recommended,324080,21514140,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Almost500Badgers,"Pure Sandbox Bliss.Pros:Amazing expansive world. You will get lost. You will rebuild. Then you might try and find your old site again.Voxel based mining reals like you're actually terraforming the world, which is amazeballs.Crafting system textures and features are amazing.BIOMES ARE AWESOME.Cons:Right now there isn't any true combat to speak of, only really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off animals that rarely spawn.The world seems a little empty, the trees and bushes and flowers and plants spawn far apart and don't really look like a forest/tundra. They look like the most bland meadow you'd ever see. If that's an issue for you, you probably play Life Is Feudal, You Own a lot.No water yet.You can't edit what your character looks like yet.No dungeons yet.There are a lot of yets to that because the developers (who are amazing and cooperative and very interactive) are already planning and coordinating a whole schmorgazboard of features yet to come, listed on the game's webpage. I love playing this and I love being part of this kind of actively developing system. Early Access game, yes. Badass Potential and Value overall: yes.10/10 would spawn world again."
,Recommended,324080,35206725,Posted: 25 September,all,L0ki | hellcase.com,"I enjoyed playing this game with my friends and It is realy worth of 15€. Single player is very enjoyeble too.For people who like games like Minecraft, It is Minecraft on Russian steroids."
,Recommended,324080,21795599,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,AviaryLaw,"I've enjoyed what time I've spent in game and can't really add anything that the hundereds of other positive reviews have said. However, I play my games in my living room on my tv and enjoy using a controller. I really wish there was controller support even though I'm certainly in the small minority of PC gamers using controllers. I've returned games previously that didn't support controller use but am waiting to see what the devs say about the possiblility.Otherwise I highly recommend buying it."
,Recommended,324080,13542612,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ஜenurddoஜ,can someone ask they/him who made this game to have a setting to turn off the movement of grass and tree. its so laggy
76561198119254254,Recommended,324080,21528778,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Seven,Is good game
76561198149211684,Recommended,324080,18225221,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,zparker158,"This is a pretty good game. I like it and have a lot of fun with the amazing building aspect, but the game still needs a lot more. More crafting stations, more creatures, more items, things of the sort. It just lacks with the variety of items and things. Other than that I like it, but I'd play it a lot more when it's got a lot more things on it. It's still in early access, so that explains most of it. If this goes the right way, then I sense a lot of potential for the game. Can't wait to see the finished product. :D"
76561197972430972,Recommended,324080,16025577,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,TeknoBug,"Tons of potential in this game, I love sandbox based games and haven't had the opportunity to play one since Star Wars Galaxies years ago.  Once you've figured out the core basics, it takes some planning to find and build your settlement and craft tools to do them with."
,Recommended,324080,20362407,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Arturia Pendragon,>Intalled game>Gathered 40 Iron>made weapons and tools>Went exploring>killed by tiger>Lost everything11/10
76561198078316201,Recommended,324080,21201177,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,nichols1992,have enjoyed this game. only thing i long for is water! you cannot survive without water in the real world and this land is parched
,Recommended,324080,21119336,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,dad,"Absolutely love this game, it's what i've been looking for for a while. I understand it's still in alpha so there are bugs to be expected, but the only one that really bothers me is when i tab in and out of the game it likes to crash very often, starting to get slightly anoyying but i like this game so much i'm not going to give it a neegative review"
76561198003278265,Recommended,324080,18737298,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Dwight schrute 1942,this is going to be great! when its done.i still recommend that you support the devs in this development. thing are about to heat up pretty soon!8/10 for now.
76561198006331038,Recommended,324080,20016268,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,pyro5050,"only been playing a few hours, honestly love this game so far...got killed by a moose, ran from tigers, fell down a giant hole, had to dig my sorry half dead♥♥♥♥♥out of said hole, have made roads, am building houses, and i havnt even strayed 50 blocks from my start point.this game is worth the cost. :)"
76561198171915883,Recommended,324080,29356486,Posted: 19 January,all,Cosmicstar,very good game i hope more stuff gets put into thw game
76561198053417017,Recommended,324080,13286725,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,jacob142008,One of the best games i have played in a long time what got me was the trees THEY FALL
,Recommended,324080,16063060,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Solaire of Astora,"A Minecraft clone done right! Has already alot more type of blocks, tools, furniture etc. etc."
,Recommended,324080,18716127,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SoVereignZA,"I don't really do reviews but for this I had to.As a long time player of the game involving mining and crafting (see what I did there :P), I must say this is a stand out game. Yes it's alpha as of this review and not nearly finished BUT it's amazing to say the least.  This game is definitely going the right way. It may seem like there's not much to do but that's where the beauty lies, the fun had in this game is up to user and his/her imagination. Thumbs up to the devs. I'm enjoying what I've played so far.Good graphicsGood soundBears suckApple trees are awesome.It's a game that takes patience and creativity. Maybe not for everyone.Survival: CheckPlayability: CheckCreativity: Check"
,Recommended,324080,20062779,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,黒姫,"Trapped in underground, die because of moose, and still many funny things here.This is game is fantastic"
76561198065908580,Recommended,324080,16191649,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,(cG) Ronald Reagan,"This game is absolutely gorgeous and stunning to look at. While it has some flaws such as lack of background music and no water, the game is still in alpha and I very much recommend it."
,Recommended,324080,16530966,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Anonymous_Boss,Realistic minecraft :DD
,Recommended,324080,16572786,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,screaming irl,"As I'm writing this, I'm starting up the game, but I've gotta tell you: this game is fantastic. It's extremely addictive. The blocks aren't uniform or, well, blocky. There's so much customization in the building! Colours, appliances, decorations, it's all great! Obviously there are things to fix, add, update, etc., but I would recommend this game to anyone who is even considering it.Overall, 10/10 considering it's early access; would definitely recommend"
76561198046953068,Recommended,324080,16923560,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sokol,"i know i got 7 hours, but So far its been a diffrent experience i like the game and it is fun for a creative mind and the devs really listen to the community, but one thing i would like to see before you buy it is a more survival aspect beacuse so far theres nothing really survival about it when 90 iof the people playing got insta break on, 7/10"
,Recommended,324080,16508816,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MaxineDaLaje,This game is really awesome and has a future very provising. In his website we can see the list of the future implementation and i am very exciting about what happened next. The graphics is good and his content is very expansive (workbench has a lot of constructions). I'd liked so much this game.
76561198063215789,Recommended,324080,16511250,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,LEONIDAS,i would recommend this game for every body
,Recommended,324080,16461016,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,eric.college30,"So far so good. Died for the first time after surviving over ten in game days when I took on a moose. Yeah the moose must have been training for MMA because I went down fast. Anyway, this is the first worldbuilder sandbox type of game and I really do like it so far. Yes there are some issues with it but it seems the devs are on it as far as fixing and improving. Hoping this continues and hoping this gets a full release in the near future."
76561198062095328,Recommended,324080,16507269,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,!DINGO! - The Artist,I have two words... LOVE IT!!!!
,Recommended,324080,17259909,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Peanutlicious,"I normally write reviews after a lot of time into a game. This game is an exception. That reason is because you don't need much time to see it's potential. Sure it's Early Access, but the devs are very loyal. They listen to us. They even posted the other day about tips to get aound bugs that they are working on. Some may say it's a Minecraft Clone. There is one major difference though... that is that this game is more realistic. It tries to be more about surivival instead of enchanting crap and being OP in 3 days of Hardcore mode (I've done it a LOT). If you like survival games, treat yourself to this game and go buy it. If you don't like Early Access, I get it, but you should continually keep an eye on the updates on the website."
,Recommended,324080,24225594,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TLMCPLAGUEUK,fun
76561198022347348,Recommended,324080,23302556,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Fauz,"This game has the potential to be a Minecraft killer, if it plays it's cards right.It is still early in development, so I reserve my criticisms.I love the game so far and enjoy the development put forth. They're still laying the foundation to this game, but what I'm seeing for far is very encouraging.[What I'm hoping to see, when the time is right...]Once the core foundation of the game is complete, I would like to see the game or an available option for the game, for adventure and exploration. Meaning, I would like to be digging and discover bones, or ancient architectural artifacts, pyramids, obelisks, etc.It would be cool to collect bones and if you have enough of the same type of animal, you could reconstruct a skeleton. Or find various artifacts that you can combine together to solve puzzles.This may not be the direction they want to go.I hope there is a mod for this theme though."
,Recommended,324080,23379090,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ShadowedTopazLynx,"If you want a survival game, this is for you. This is a really good game and yet it's still in Early Access but it does...sort of have a lot of content. Yes, I know some of you who read this might say ''No it doesn't have a lot of content'' but remember, this is still in Early Access AND this is my own opinion.But still, as always...Game On!"
76561198124999119,Recommended,324080,20886483,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Renato,"It is a game with a lot of potential, very well done, nice and optimized for ""slow"" PC. To build and be creative is very good, but as survival game is a little bad, it's really great to build a shelter and evolve their equipment ... but for what? there is almost no threat on the map, you rarely find an enemy, basically u have to go out and look for one. I would like something more challenging.They may be attacked by bandits night, or a pack of wolves. would give a sense of more to have a castle and evolve more and more.Is otherwise a great game, I hope the developers do not abandon us."
,Recommended,324080,22460392,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,[LoD]Wise,I like this game worth the money buy it asap
,Recommended,324080,20502965,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Games Rules,I enjoy it BUT:crash on win 10 very hardFix it please !
76561197968946738,Recommended,324080,20542218,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Suma_ket,"Amazing ! Minecraft with Photorealistic graphics ! Even if it's an Alpha, this game is already pretty amazing."
76561198034628087,Recommended,324080,23912189,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,monsterparty,I would only suggest this as single player now because the multiplier is very rough around the edges now with very limited feel.
76561198111408634,Recommended,324080,16423978,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hairystew,BEST GAME EVAR
76561198183820401,Recommended,324080,22301872,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,joshjh2002,Greate game. love it so much.
76561198151188006,Recommended,324080,22314566,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,kez,its a great game to play and always bing updated
76561198156993919,Recommended,324080,14698594,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,CrashOverride,Everything checks out ok now! This game is so relaxing! its such a great fun game =)
,Recommended,324080,14780031,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Genuine Vanilla Extract,Best game I have ever played!
76561197963500162,Recommended,324080,18264550,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Tex,"So with the new update what happen to the food you can get. its gone.  Where is the all the Ingot, I only find stone and coal. I like the game but you cant build anything to you get these things I look all over and in caves. I even dig cave my self and still no ingots."
,Recommended,324080,18289661,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gorgon Freeman,"Ok, now I've spent a couple of hours playing this game, I thought I should write a second review.I like the concept of this game and I know it's in early stages of development so I won't be too harsh..The main thing which annoys me about this game at the moment is the need to enter no-clip mode just so you don't end up falling through the ground. No clip mode is usually a cheat and there is a hotkey to enable it in this game..It makes it way too easy to escape from bears or danger, like falling from a cliff. So it takes away a major element of survival and risk.Another thing I find lame is the fact you can build modern furniture with basic salvaged materials from the wilderness, which doesn't really make sense. And to be honest, I find it dumb.If future updates remove the need for no-clip/fly mode, remove unrealistic furniture which doesn't belong in the game, introduce tech and perhaps even introduce an RPG-like system for character development I think this game will be really great. It's in early stages so I will assume the devs are still experimenting with things at the moment.The game could also use mobs/enemies, besides bears. It would be so cool if their were randomly generated camps and factions of bad guys etc..Either human or fictional monsters would both be cool.Anyways, I there are so many possibilities for what could be added to this game..I can't name them all.Right now it's a bit bland and boring, but I'm happy to support development."
,Recommended,324080,33134096,Posted: 2 July,all,Agnostic Pariah,I like what I see so far. I am really hoping this does not get abandoned as most Steam Early Access games do these days. There is a ton of potential here.
76561198176250766,Recommended,324080,16741803,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,vacahhi,this game is the best
,Recommended,324080,31765926,Posted: 15 May,all,SeVeN,"a beatifull buildinggame, which is still being developed but it seems that the updates only comes every 37 fullmoon hope that changes.but a very good building game and beatifull natur"
76561198121306290,Recommended,324080,14035863,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Beardie50000,This game is great it`s really minecraft but better graphics and little better physics if you like survival this game will be for you it has very great promises.
76561198129751531,Recommended,324080,13355685,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Driftlikebutter,Really good game!! Not like minecraft at all has nice style and good amount of stuff for being in alpha. Props to devs
76561197969620546,Recommended,324080,16061238,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Spy_hunter86,Update graphics and you'll have a leg up on Rust. They can't dig. :/
76561198068659284,Recommended,324080,13883262,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,nickolaus1996,Im a stubborn sob and i found hell
,Recommended,324080,13884858,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Robby McDickhead,"I boght this game and though Steam hasn't been recording offline hours for some reason, I have been playing it alot. I have to say I love this game as it is and it has a whole lot of potential. Of course it being in alpha, or whatever it is in, it doesn't have a bunch but what is there is enough to keep you immersed in it. I'll tell ya this is minecraft but 10000x better. You don't have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ animals everywhere and it isn't all blocks, it is semi realistic, which I love. I would recommend it..."
76561198135468518,Recommended,324080,13885630,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DJtomo2000,i put the resolution o 1440 and i cant see the game cos my screen can not run 1440 so its♥♥♥♥♥♥i need help plz
,Recommended,324080,13886608,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Pendu1uM,"I Absolutley love this game! I think this game has loads of potential when it is finished, but as an early alpha, this is truely amazing. Sure it dosnt have the survival aspect at the moment, whihc should be fixed, but im having alot of fun just building and mining away. Good job JIW Games and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,324080,13889887,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,jimmyh,I really like how beautiful and dense the forest and vegetation are. The graphics runs smoothly and there's already a lot of content.
76561198060558626,Recommended,324080,13895129,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Linda,game is really great cant wait for more updates a few bugs but hay they working on it alot ..
76561198165191192,Recommended,324080,14603463,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,elmstlaundromat,i am carrot6top  on the game  i cant play it all the time  when i go on all the tools  are black  so i have to start the game 10 or 15 time  before  i can play  if this keep up  i will find new game to play  its is  a  good game  when i can play it  if you can fix this i think more kid will  come and play this game
,Recommended,324080,22524425,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Paloterox,Rising world
,Recommended,324080,16128321,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SexyWalrus,WTF is this gaem tho 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,324080,31598967,Posted: 7 May,all,RavagerOfDreams,"This really is the best Sandbox game I have ever played. I love this game so much!The graphics are actually quite good for this style of game, many magnitudes greater than Minecraft.This game is basically what Minecraft should have been if the devs hadn't been so damn lazy and kept at it rather than swimming in their piles of money and then selling it to Microsoft and getting even richer.Rising World IS a work in progress, so it's a little rough around the edges at times, but every update makes the game better at overcoming that. It is really quite slick, and now there is water, biomes, wildlife, an ingame map (very helpful when trying to get back home from exploring), and even dungeons!Dev's, what I REALLY want is seasons.Idea: 1. have seasons of singnificant length (is matching real world seasons, liek it's winter through the whole real world season of winter, too extreme/annoying? I think it could be kind of cool.)2. Have the wildlife become more scarce and the plants produce less, or maybe nothing at all. It would make it vital to gather up and store food in the fall in preperation for winter. Maybe even include harvest times, etc.3. Have the water freeze. Again, it would make it vital to gather and store water. Maybe introduce rare(ish) undergound water sources, and/or wells to allow for year-round water access.4. Have optional spooky horror themed events and goings on in the winter. That would REALLY float my boat.KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK DEVS and THANK YOU!!!"
76561197998112092,Recommended,324080,13326605,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Artist,"This early access title is FANTASTIC!Great graphics and sounds, great atmosphere in the world, amazing building opportunities!I can't wait to see how this evolves, because it's awesome already!One thing I think the developers should do is mention on the product page that it's possible for you to build whatever you like out of wood planks and beams. I don't remember seeing this information on the product page when I bought the game (unless I missed it). I bought it right away, but having that info on the product page would have definitely sealed the deal instantly for me. It's a really really amazing feature and should be publicised in my opinion.This game is going to be epic when it's finished 10/10"
,Recommended,324080,13327359,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,TheJackah,"Absolutely amazing game to say it is Early Access.Also a very active development team on their forums, which makes it enjoyable to give suggestions and receive feedback on your suggestions quickly.The game is honestly top-quality.WITH ANIMALS!"
,Recommended,324080,13337169,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ReformedWoWAddict,This Game has massive potential. I think maybe adding in a crafting timer with skill levels will add to the depth of this game. I am excited to see where this game goes.
76561198031588892,Recommended,324080,13310302,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,spirantus,"The game is lovely, except when you fall of the map even if you just stand on the grass.It happend to me 3 times in as many houres. My home was almost finished and there i went through the floor.You can click on respons, but you wont begin at your house and you lose everything.It is a alpha game, so i know there are bugs and i wont going to hate the game for that.The graphics are nice and the map is big. The animals, like goats and cows are a nice beginning of animals.I have not slayed any animals though.I like the game so far, just the falling of the map thing is a downside.I lost my house twice and all my stuff, but just like i said, its only an alpha right now."
76561198152546937,Recommended,324080,14932252,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,The Resurrector,its a good game but needs to have better food and water access and sometimes while mining you can glitch outside the world and die
76561198034550148,Recommended,324080,15298572,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Exizt why,This game is literally awesome. Minecraft killer if these guys are allowed superman capes. The bugs aside these game developers can carefully plot an amazing future for us players and their families.... rich and fun.
,Recommended,324080,14009210,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,DeamonBeast,"Very interesting concept. Feels a lot like Minecraft did in its Alpha stage. I am looking forward to more being added. As it stands it has a lot of potential, but it is too early to say if it is a great buy or if it is just a lot of promises. I have hope this is the beginning of an amazing game. Like most Early Access games I would say give it more time to buy unless you wish to encourage and support the development of this game."
,Recommended,324080,15172820,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,The_shock,i actually made a videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56O1HEur-NY
76561198118164054,Recommended,324080,15226020,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,team-like-cool-dude,got the game to work. its pretty fun its like minecraft but boosted and more realistic. as well as content. nice game.
,Recommended,324080,16103137,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jibak - Cesarfs,"this is very, very promissing"
76561198162487505,Recommended,324080,16145125,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BluetheDogon,"I have a huge problem with finding Aluminum ore. I've searched every cave around, payed attention to the ore data numbers and still cannot find it. Where is it found? What color is it? and please make it more visible. But still a better game than Minecraft."
76561198155901479,Recommended,324080,16114398,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,WayneyyB,A+
76561197996792356,Recommended,324080,16093362,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Gabriel Wolf,"Spawned upon a mountain top.Used my pickax to reduce the entire mountain into stones.Carried all the stones in my pockets.Felt great walking around with a mountain's worth of stones in my pockets.Said hi to a cow, said hi to a sheep.Picked and ate some watermelon.Picked and ate some tomatoes.Said hi to a goat, said hi to a bear.Bear killed me.Lost the entire mountain's worth of stones in my pocket."
,Recommended,324080,16094965,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Reqlum,"I think this is a good game! I love the real things...It makes me feel that it is real life. This is the best survival game I every seen untill now I think! But I think you should fix on ONE thing. There are too hard to find stuff like iron. I've been mining for a long time now and I haven't been finding ANY iron...?! Please, fix it."
76561198176188630,Recommended,324080,16089077,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,anacift,"I love this game, i recommend this game a lot, it is a very good game but it is on early acces so it has a lot of porblemas and a lot of updates left, but i think this is a good proyecto, hope they add mores stuff, keep going!!!"
76561198156541192,Recommended,324080,15134992,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Biggie Cheese,I ABSLOUTLY LOVEEE THIS GAME A little glitchy but it IS WORTH IT!!!! and for not having Enemys or Monsters witch i hink is good this games makes up for it and the Psycis are GREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!1
,Recommended,324080,15791020,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Chink,"Despite all of the slack this game gets, I love it! It's one of the best sandbox games I've played, but there is room for improvement. The new farming system really helps, but there is a lack of ranged weapons; usually resulting in me being slain by a bear! Character customization should be added some how, so you can cover up your players bald head!Is it worth the £10.99 i payed for it?Yes! The survival aspect is brilliant, the building system is amazing too I would deffinately recommend this game to people looking to have a laugh with their mates, or to record a let's paly on!I can really see this game going somwhere in the near future! 10/10"
76561198109446343,Recommended,324080,13713680,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Lazy Gamer,Most difficult game to launch ever but after I installed java 64bit it started to work and it looks promising and it has potensial
76561198044247660,Recommended,324080,14059894,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,GORELOCK,only just started playing and already lost 2 hours and i imagine many more to come. the game so far is absolutly fantastic and as long as things keep getting added it will be a great game. i will be watching this closely
76561198169977874,Recommended,324080,14039337,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,jack_lambwales,"this game has so much to do in it. have you ever played minecraft and made a big house and could not fill it well this game has craftible furniture such as chairs, tables, beds, shelves, statues and much more all in different styles if u are like me and like things such as the elder scrolls this game has swords, chests, caves and medival style furniture. if u like the modern look then there are modern style things. this game looks a lot more natural than some of the games like this. excited for next update"
,Recommended,324080,13511824,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lolcatty [>'']>,"I had problems with this game in the beginning with java problems but it looks like that is long gone thanks to the developer!This game is off to a great start and I would highly suggest playing this game is you love voxel based building games. Game has alot of potential!Ive been working on a blind lets play, commentating could be better but I try to find new things about this game without really digging much into other sites!"
,Recommended,324080,13544827,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Aquatechnic,"Ive watched some videos and gameplay of this, looks amazing, but i only wish 32bit useres could get a little love. only works wen java 64bit is installed..."
76561198007380040,Recommended,324080,13463431,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,jagodown,Im not much of a reviewer but this game is very much worth the buy. This game really has the potential to be something more grand than minecraft. I really hope the devs. keep working on this :)
76561198093952620,Recommended,324080,15483643,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Chakotay33,"This game is like a version of Minecraft, but alot more realistic. It is a fairly new game so it is only on its first few updates, however, it will probably become really popular in the future."
76561198038735008,Recommended,324080,15510934,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ryonin,"Not much to do in this game as of yet, but the graphicas are beautiful and the mechanics seem promising. Constructuion is way better than anything I've seen before, but it needs a little more motivation to get the player to explore the world around him.6/10 in early access, I surely hope to raise this number in the coming months."
,Recommended,324080,15659533,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Cemmao Gamer,"hiya this game has so much potiental its amazing its not exactly like minecraft, fine you mine and you create buildings but thats the basics of alot of games, this game is very life like, also the developers have mentioned things like electricity trains and cars (however i have read this online so it maybe wrong), this is a link for my youtube where i will have weekly uploads and also a video each time and update comes out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYqR0lvmBFE"
76561198136539750,Recommended,324080,13342046,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Blacksmiff,"Beta 0.5 review: So far, this game just told me I wasted my money on similar clones.I love survival games. even if they reiterate a previous games successes. Enter Rising World. A cross breed of The Forest, and Minecraft (without the enemies yet, so a ""creative"" mode If You will.(edit) the game still feels creepy with no enemies. (the forest creepy, which is good)There isnt much to say, but Once you get it running (if you have any difficulties, just reboot windows) you will immediately see the potential.Should you Buy Early?Yes. we all love clones of games, then gravitate to the next best thing, but this one is special. it looks beautiful, runs smooth, and the fundamentals are completely on point. so I will just do plusses and Minus's...+Great starting graphics+start you off with tools so you can get going+Earth molding plus minecraft building+hunting livestock+crafting tables/modern/classical decor+excellent controls+Super fun, awesome textures and more++++Not even a day passed and they fixed the ""no invert"" (which was my complaint) God bless them!-Biomes (of course they are coming, but this is for people who expect it)-no story of how you got there (ok, for this game, I will just say I fell from heaven and will start a lodge of masonry)-no projectile weapons yet-the terrain is great, but a little too wild (not exactly realistic)-when you kill animals, cant eat them or harvest from them but+you can hide the bodies of animals which lead to AWESOME future gameplayI really had to reach, as EVERY ONE of my problems will definitely be fixed one way or another,Bonus Points:you dont have to dig for Iron to test out everything in the game.this by far has been the easiest game to get into, and you can see everything in an hour or so, but I defifnitely will play more, and my views are subject to change per update.my  personal score 8/10 (the potential is unbelievable.)"
,Recommended,324080,15054858,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Texashangman,"I was at my sisters house and seen my nephew playing this after he told me what it was, i bought it, I love these types of games and i cant wait for it to progress further then it is, If you a fan of minecraft then you will like this one, i know the game is in early acess mode but this game could put minecraft and the blockheads out of business for good if it is made correctly and so far i am liking what i am seeing, there are still a few glitchs such as your walking along and you all of a sudden fall to your death but yet there was no holes that you could of fell threw anywhere near the area, it says salting the seas but i have not seen a body of water yet after walking 6 hours in the same direction so i am guessing water is not in the game yet,but as i said it's still in early access and i am not going to put it down because other then those small problems it's awesome! i love the farming aspect of this game,"
76561198108917131,Recommended,324080,15486420,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Death,This game is amazing! i have  never seen a nother game with a fully working piano and the amazing food cooking sytem.This game jist gets better now that the devs have added the hostile animals.
,Recommended,324080,13508528,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Toni Wan-Kenobi,"i downloaded this game and found it does not open first of all, but then i downloaded and installed Java SE Development Kit 8 and it worked straight away with no problems, cant wait to test this game out."
76561198038900107,Recommended,324080,13895300,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,☣.SPASEKADET.☣,"If you love Minecraft,this game brings the True meaning to ""Realistic looking""And being a Alpha game means it can only get better"
76561198157279159,Recommended,324080,13896772,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,W0lfyGames,It wont launch and im on a mac platform. can i have some help please i spent good money on this
,Recommended,324080,13517780,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Casino,"Rising World is still in alpha phase and has a plethora of bugs and glithes, as does every alpha.Pros:-Great crafting system-Phenominal tree falling animations and debris-Good preformance (for me at least)-No crashes thus far-Awesome ""Poster"" feature-Pretty good graphicsCons:-Glitches/bugs-Not much to do-No proper ""Creative Mode""-Imbecile AI-Some wierd sounds (such as the notorious ""bird squawk"")For an alpha, I'd rate this game an 7/10. Keep up the good work, developers!"
,Recommended,324080,13412324,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,BillyR,Excellent! Looks really good and unlike other games of this type it is actually playable. Recommended if you understand and support early access. 8/10
,Recommended,324080,14555180,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Kippersons,You really need to find a way to help you find your way back you your house..... just spent 8+ hours playing this game to fall through the world and die (from a glitch) and lost my house and all my hard work... really disappointed and unmotivated to play again... super easy thing to just add a map to the game to make it easier for players to get back to their house(especially after dying from the develpoers mistakes)..
,Recommended,324080,15549006,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,StaariZA,"This game is another one of those ""I will get you addicted"" games. I love it!Currently in alpha but the potential it has is amazing and even now in this state its wonderful!Building, crafting and surviving.The game is endless in creativity and contains so much beauty (with more to come)!Definitely one of my favorites! Definitely worth buying!!"
,Recommended,324080,14006815,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ko1d89,At this stage crashing heaps. But so much potentail
76561198075365741,Recommended,324080,14067207,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,lightning_realz,"so gud gamr I♥♥♥♥♥♥pants, i was almost like minecraft that it make me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again"
,Recommended,324080,13742136,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[WBC] Andrew226,Amazing game it's fun and I enjoy it when I play it at my friends house but when I bought it there was a bug or something that stopped it from loading at 10% so for now I can't play it.
76561198074041452,Recommended,324080,16400815,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Oz,"Not built for my laptop, I'm sad that you have to spend so much money for a good gaming computer (I can't get a job!). Otherwise a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,324080,16372994,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AlaskaMaska,Pros:- Has multiplayers- Has singleplayer- High FPS for all users- Has creative mode- Has survival modeCons:- Slighty unrealistic- Hard(ish) to huntConclusion:I would rate this game 9/10because there are still improvements that can be made.But the game is still in Alpha/Beta stage so we will beexpecting more to come until it's no longerEarly AccessREVIEW WRITTEN & POSTED BYOfficer Friendly
,Recommended,324080,24072095,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Stabvest,Great game where you can have the basics of survival up to modern house building. There are a few bugs with glass panes and presents as you can make them from nothing. Overall this game is the game for you if you like survival
,Recommended,324080,14715461,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,jtgunner,great so far. let you know more later
76561198056275036,Recommended,324080,22088553,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,|FOS|. Awperator,"I'am a builder I loved to play minecraft and make ancient roman cities that spanned entire world chunks, this game is my new minecraft. It is hard to get used to how it works at first but as you go it gets better and easier. Lots of fun with friends as is any survival game."
76561197984796262,Recommended,324080,22194197,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,mortality,"Very impressed so far.For an Alpha stage game, this is already well developed.Having played Wurm online (Minecrafts older brother) when it was in Beta (over 10 years ago now) its great to see how far games of this type have come.The OCD in me did briefly miss the cubism mines of Wurm/Minecraft, but that is more than made up for by the sheer scale of blocks & shapes already available for building with.Bring it on..."
76561198154302682,Recommended,324080,13965478,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,jestingstud2010,Good game just needs the ores soon to make it more enjoyable
76561198104511937,Recommended,324080,14585040,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SpawnCoopOmega,"I want to be honest and say that this game is terrible. For me that is. I have a Compaq CQ57 laptop, and when I bought this game I was super exited, and when it was done downloading, it launched, but it said there was an error. I was furious to the fact that I bought this game when my laptop was on best performance. Please, please please make it possible in a future update soon so I can play this on my Compaq CQ57, I want to play this so badly."
76561198070036396,Recommended,324080,14503153,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,xXDXDXDXx,"This game is really cool, The one thing i don't like the Grass is to long /:"
76561198116376581,Recommended,324080,18421682,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dr. Davin,"After over ten hours, I'm truly impressed with this game.For the first few hours, the game felt very similar to Minecraft for me, except with much improved graphics. I cut down trees, killed pigs, built a house, and went mining. Later in the game, I started exploring farming and all the furnitrure items I could create.This game is focused mainly on BUILDING. The survival aspects aren't truly there yet. At the moment there aren't any enemies besides bears. The world feels more friendly this way, but building shelters feels a little pointless. Building is hella fun though. It's like Minecraft but the graphics make it completely different in it's own way. There are many different textured blocks as well.Many glitches right now, but the dev is very active in the forums and is obviously working hard on the game. Watch some videos of this game, and if it looks interesting, I highly reccomend it.Pros:+ Graphics+ Building Mechanics+ Destructible environment+ Tree cutting+ Farming+ Cooking and Smelting functions+ Multiplayer+ Very active dev teamCons- Glitches- No threatening enemies- Survival aspect is very easy as there is plenty of food everywhere.- Not very in depth (yet).- VERY easy to get lost at beginning.7/10 at the moment, but the future holds so much potential for this game. Developer is awesome :)"
76561198143633291,Recommended,324080,20044053,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ᴸᵃᶻᵞᴸᵉᵒ,"Hmm I checked my laptop and it has all I need to run the game, but it won't start/load a world it keeps crashing right before it loads into a world. Looks really fun, I do recommend it I just hope it works itself out for my computer."
,Recommended,324080,20055802,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Furry Trash,"Good game, plenty of potential and already a multiplayer option! Now it just needs a few updates to fix flying animals and its good to go!"
76561198179489386,Recommended,324080,20173982,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Faststrawberryboy,"Great game. Early access Survival. I love survival so this game is for me :). Very good. Still has many bugs but will be fixed later in the game. By the way, is anyone having the problem when they're just walking and then they randomly fall through the word? Creator, plese fix this"
,Recommended,324080,20179640,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Twisty,"Whenever my curiosity gets the best of me and I end up spending money on an Early Access game, I'm always a bit worried. Too many unfinished games of this kind have left a bad taste in my mouth over the years, some even after they  were ""finished"". Therefore, Rising World proved a pleasant surprise. Make no mistake, the game is lacking in quite a few areas and bears clear indicators of being far from finished. But that's actually part of what excites me about it. Because it has immense amounts of potential, and is already a truly enjoyable game I can easily see myself investing WAY too much time in. If you like survival building games and don't mind Early Access, Rising World is well worth your buck, although in its current stage, it might be a bit tedious in the long run. But if the developers pull through and keep making the game it seems like they want to make, I think it'll end up being a damn good investement."
76561198180359182,Recommended,324080,20307109,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SinisterSteve,Great game cant wait for them to add more stuff like more predators or even some crazy tribesmen
,Recommended,324080,20423810,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,FatBird!,"I believe I've found a game for myself and those close to me to enjoy together.The game looks nice. And it plays well.The building at first, seems limited, but once you begin to build crafting benches and stations, the possibilites explode. There are many cool tools, and items to build.There are a few things that would completely satisfy me with this game:1. Water and ice.2. Weather.3. Enemies.4. Birds5. Treasure6. Abandoned townsOther than that, this is a very solid builder. It's very relaxing. My wife just watched me play for a bit, and now she's determined to buy herself a copy. Then, I'm going to recommend that my close gaming friends buy it."
,Recommended,324080,21340194,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mans Not Hot,good game but should fix the creative mode and make multiplayer better
76561198128781338,Recommended,324080,19444601,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Blooddragon06,"I was on this game for a couple hours after I baught and downloaded it. Really fun, trying to figure it out, but I really like it so far. Does anyone know if I can use a steam controller on this?"
76561198231351668,Recommended,324080,19628005,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,joeldroderick67,Wow.  I have been waiting for a game of freedom forever.  This game rocks.  I may not ever sleep again.   So much quality for an early access.  I'm loving it.  Thank you for bringing this to reality.   Please do not fall into the trap of pay to win.  Leave it just the way it is.
,Recommended,324080,20355168,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MainStriker,"Amazing graphics, I wish there was a timeline that gave us a little bit more to look forward to. The electricity/ power circuits are going to make this game surpass so many others around."
,Recommended,324080,20532399,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,soccerstrike,"Reviewed during alpha!Despite many features yet unimplimented, Rising World is already an engrossing game in the vein of Minecraft.  Make no mistake, this is a Minecraft derivitive.  However, it containes significant improvements (other than graphical) and new ideas to recommend it over the older (and simpler) game.I will postpone a full review until more content is added. In the meantime, there are two points to hightlight: First, this game is currently in alpha stage and likely will be for several more months (01/16 right now).  Development has been at a slow but steady pace.  While this is somewhat of a detriment, it is evidence of a ""don't release until we're ready to"" attitude amongst development staff.  Second, the developers have been VERY responsive to player feedback and maintain a constant presence on the discussion board.  It's very telling that there is a developer comment in almost every thread.Conclusion: It's too early.  If you liked Minecraft, you'll probably enjoy playing this right now, but it still has a ways to go before broader appeal.  This game has a ton of potential within the genre."
76561198128523406,Recommended,324080,19632924,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Mellie (October my fav month),I can't play it enough.  The cows or goats should give milk.  the chickens eggs.  Wheat...  Pumpkins should be used for pumpkin pie.   Iron Buckets...
76561198044262347,Recommended,324080,20138552,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,LadyD,"yes its still in the works, yes it  has lots of glitches, and I find it really annoying.  sometimes its so bad I just quit playing.  but when its up and running, its a great time, the community is awesome and friendly.  I like that you can teleport back and forth to other players lands and see what they have built.  Its truly mindblowing.  So even though it is  glitchy its still worth it.  I recommend this game if you like to craft."
76561197989224389,Recommended,324080,20101126,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Thundar,Love it.
,Recommended,324080,20093335,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lion Brown is the Best Brown,"Good game, refreshing voxel terrain."
,Recommended,324080,20239768,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WEEBTRASH  ファゴット,"Its a fun game.Until The GLITCHES GET YOU!SO MANY GLITCHES!!!sometimes my house will just get cut in half and the other half wont be there.when i saved my game and came back the next day, sothing i did was still there...i spent like 4 hours on some base and it just disappears.But this game is in Alpha so its understandable.Please FIX these glitches before doing anything else!These glitches just ruin the game"
76561198265182446,Recommended,324080,20339634,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Zolytaryo,Well is a great game is like Minecraft but with good great graphics they did a good job with this game buy it If you like minecraft.
76561198196710049,Recommended,324080,20152442,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,mitchellharris2600,"I like this game vary much. i like the games building michanics like the planks, and full blocks it is a uneque combination, the game still feels vary early acsses i feel like after a year in develepment they still have a long way to go."
,Recommended,324080,18641650,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,☁ .c.Lau.dy. ☁,"I love this game, especially the Minecraft style. However, there aren't many servers and only a few speak English. Many servers rarely have more than 5 people as well. I don't know whether it might be my timezone because most servers are either German or Dutch, but this game needs more people (and English people) in the servers. Overall this game is worth WAY MORE than your 15 BUCKS and offers a lot more than Minecraft. The developers are also active within the community and show great support. Please buy this game and support them so we can have an even better experience!In this game you pretty much aim to try and establish a nice house and some furniture as well as other stuff to make your property of land look nice. There are also bears and you can mine just like you can in minecraft, although there isn't so much of that ""blocky"" feeling making the environment feel more smoother and realistic.Thank you to the developers of Rising World as it is one of the best open world games I've played."
76561198190473734,Recommended,324080,19048119,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,lisa,"Trees can sway, very realistic lighting effect is very in place, I love this sandbox game.No moon at night, no lens flare.These two effects can add to the effect will be better !"
,Recommended,324080,18410975,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Gilbertoe,Really fun game Love making new worlds
,Recommended,324080,16125807,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Exophobias,Its very similar to Minecraft but way cooler and more realistic. It needs alot of things such as more craftable things but other than that it is really fun and when more updates come hopefully they'll add alot more things to make this game even cooler. :DSincerely- Exophobibas
76561198192124215,Recommended,324080,21720235,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,crimsionchunk,minecraft but better
,Recommended,324080,13412692,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Axon,JIW-Games did a pretty good job on this game. I really like the simplicity of this game its a lot like minecraft where you spawn in with no objectives and you do what you want. Game has almost no objects though and interaction.
,Not Recommended,324080,24061987,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,|Eymen|,"I bougt that game because of the positive reviews. Even I gift one more to my friend ,but unfortunately after 13 minute playing both of us realize that this game is completely terrible. They have to fix bugs and UI problems. Controlling your character and crafting systems are terrible. You will believe me after you play. I hope you see my review before you play that game..."
76561198101874493,Recommended,324080,19596597,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,NirNana,Ok ok ok ..I have nothing to say without this 2 words:BUY IT!This game is amazing its fun and everything there is looking so realistic and awesome!Hopefully you'll enjoy cause i cant stop playing it!if someone want to play with me send me a missage i want to play survival with everyone!
76561198272060137,Not Recommended,324080,21280215,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nerdman,"DO NOT USE FULLSCREEN ON A FLATSCREEN (1920x1080) game does not work. I think its a lot like minecraft on a different engine a lot of games in development are using. I was a little confused (probably because i went to multiplayer first) but i like how the world is and stuff, still pretty noob, the developers of the game are on top of things, its still relatively new and I hope that in a year they are able to buff out more of the rough edges. The character skins are pretty fugly atm. I keep running into issues, the game isnt there yet."
,Not Recommended,324080,13346063,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,c0d3r.4ndy,"ORIGINAL REVIEW:Not recommended - Just paid £10.99 for a shortcut to the Java website. Excellent.EDITED REVIEW:Having tried various things (deleting and reinstalling the game, updating Java, uninstalling all versions of Java and then reinstalling the latest 32 bit and 64 bit versions of Java (both separately and together) and a few PC restarts) the game now runs. Whilst I'm happy it now runs it was certainly frustrating to have to go through any of that just to get it to run. I'm probably a little too early to yet give a proper review of the game but wanted to update my review out of fairness to the developer now that I've at least got a game to review.From the bit I have played so far it seems quite promising but is certainly a bit glitchy (dying from falling less than a metre and randomly popping through the roof of a cave straight on to the floor above) but that isn't too much of an issue considering it is in early access so the usual suggestion apply; don't buy it yet unless you're aware that this is not a finished/polished/bug-free game yet and are happy with that. There seems to be enough here to have some fun with but also enough glitchiness with the physics as to cause a fair amount of frustration. I may change my review to recommended in the future but at the moment, with the kerfuffle of trying to get it to even launch and the current level of completion, I don't think I can recommend it just yet."
76561198121522242,Not Recommended,324080,33106259,Posted: 1 July,all,evanbarr4,"You'll notice I'm reviewing Rising World with only .6 hours of play time. I bought the game to play with my girlfriend who loves sandbox games but after seeing how mad the game made her, I know she'll never play it again. I've already requested a refund.The directions were unhelpful and none of the functions actually worked. The very first task in the game is to cut down a tree, build a shelter, and place the shelter. That sounds pretty simple, right? We cut down a tree, made sticks, built a shelter, and then everything went wrong. Every time we tried placing a shelter, a crate-looking thing appeared. The only thing I could do with the crate was break it with a pickaxe. After trying repeatedly to place shelters we finally got it to work but it placed 6 shelters stacked on top of each other that I had to remove. Additionally, the crafting area doesn't tell you how much you need of anything. After that, we had to google directions for every little task. Want to use the shelter? Oh, it won't let you sleep. Button mash until you fall asleep, now I can't wake up. After 15 minutes of googling and trouble shooting I finally threw in the towel."
,Recommended,324080,13233811,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Lil Thermostat,"If you like testing and helping improve early-access games... Then here is a good one. This game is fairly new and needs a lot of more items, bug fixes, and especially; FOOD. So far what I have seen is that health eather takes a while to regen or does not. Do not buy it if you dont enjoy vague games, bugs, and very little things to do. This game is great for me because I like the idea of games that slowly increase in size. I would recommend this game!"
76561198120099725,Recommended,324080,13242627,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Miss Cummie Slave xoxo,11/10 better than minecraft
76561198076620690,Not Recommended,324080,33054372,Posted: 30 June,all,Ramachandra,"I would recommend this game if I see it is getting anywhere, but I do not. It seems like one man's project."
,Recommended,324080,33589279,Posted: 16 July,all,Sucyy,EDIT : After further look in this game i was wrong on somes of my thoughts. I think its still need more stuff to fully be fun but look promising if done correctly.I dont have necessarily enough hours to make a big reviews but that my thoughts for now.
76561197974872538,Recommended,324080,33732106,Posted: 22 July,all,leebruk,"Its a good builder, a lot better than modded minecraft in my opinion. Runs great on my machine (GTX 1070)"
76561198222723184,Recommended,324080,17424618,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,crepyassasin123,it crasht my cumputer all the time
,Recommended,324080,26680688,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,drew.d.gibson,great and fun game
,Recommended,324080,16011327,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,fuzzyheadedfreak,"In the shortest words possible...Minecraft killer!Now do not be fooled by that description, if you don't like Minecraft you will still want to give this game a try.  I thoroughly recommend this even in its alpha state.I've said this before and I'll say it again... great work, great game, great devs."
76561198131698158,Recommended,324080,31141101,Posted: 14 April,all,SLAVA,even on a non gaming pc this has amazing graphics and the building system is the best I ever sawthe money was worth it! I am one of the first players and even in aplha it was good!
,Recommended,324080,33622676,Posted: 17 July,all,Mazikeen,i like this game it's rather fun and interesting. i will say however that i did manage to find ways to die in the game like getting hit by a ram and jaguars. it's definitely worth playing
,Recommended,324080,18577507,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Jon,"When I first saw Rising World, I thought it was just another minecraft clone.I was wrong.It is, in fact, a MUCH better game than Minecraft. It can be said, however, without a doubt that it did try to cash in on the Minecraft demographic. But I exuse that because it is much better than its contenders.I am lucky I found this game, as it has been a great experience to play.It has flaws, but they are being worked out at a reasonable state. More that can be said for other games on steam*cough* *cough* DayZ *cough* *cough*I rate 8/10, a close 9, but it has flaws. I would heavly reccomend purchasing this game, as it would be worth it."
76561198086463976,Recommended,324080,18557142,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,nightwolf,i would like to be able to breed animals
76561198144157657,Recommended,324080,16344896,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mr Mustang,DONT HIT THE ♥♥♥♥ING GOATS
76561197984958577,Recommended,324080,20534689,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Nova225,"If survival is the name of the game, then you should look elsewhere.  It's slowly moving forward (for example, there's more than one hostile animal with the last update), but there isn't much else to do besides eat watermelons and build stuff.If however, your favorite thing about Minecraft and similar games was the creative constructions, then I have no doubt that Rising World can cover that base nicely.  There's a massive amount of decorations you can create, as well as crazy amounts of block variations within catagories (there's dozens of different brick types, for example).  Every piece is rotateable to any angle, and the environment is voxel based.If you like to build, this is a good example of how to do it, but I would hold off if you're more interested in survival mechanics."
76561198257236225,Recommended,324080,24969081,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,snyderracing,played for 4Hrs and love it my only prob is i wish you could just click online and invite friends
,Recommended,324080,30362950,Posted: 6 March,all,willj0601,good game
,Recommended,324080,31134159,Posted: 14 April,all,neal121,Its pretty decent for EA status however I HATE the menu... its so ugly... lol
76561198173987229,Recommended,324080,33749710,Posted: 23 July,all,mcwaustin69,"Terrific Game! Lots to explore, expand, ideas, and layout of your choice."
76561198161749361,Recommended,324080,33386285,Posted: 8 July,all,lucasfhward,Great Game with lots of potential
76561198159393743,Recommended,324080,22466730,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,OTS,One of the best open world games i EVER played this is my number 2 fav game i only have like 2 hours on it but im already addicted and when you buy you you will get hooked on it AND its only in alpha which means the updates in the future will make it better and better :D
76561198255460908,Recommended,324080,19471902,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ragnorok3,"This is a wonderfull game ...I would like too see more too it Mobs,Water,maybe more crafting content...perhaps more depth.But is really a great base.Maybe more map generated locations NPCs or something but is still definately a great game."
,Recommended,324080,20005278,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,✠ Pickelhaube 2 ✠,"This should renamed to ""Jump off a Cliff Simulator"", as when you fall two feet, you pretty much die.""11/10, Would jump off cliffs again!"""
76561198116618371,Recommended,324080,15400214,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Grimm,This is a one of a kind game this has much poteintel in it im happy to give tis game a thumbs up
76561198026870633,Recommended,324080,19378350,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Pear Pressure,"To be honest i was hesitant to get this, mainly because i get bored of survival open world games. But the reviews said otherwise and i had to try it.I have to say, the building in this game is some of the most extensive and in-depth i have ever seen. It so precise you can literally make anything - the way you want it to be made. The overall ambience and music/effects are fantastic for a game still in early access and actually made me nervous in the caves and dark settings, the only time a game has ever done that is when i played Outlast, so thats saying something.Even though its still very grindy (like most survival games) and takes lots of time to build something or do anything for that matter, once you have built a house and gotten materials there isnt really that much to keep you interested unless you just like building♥♥♥♥♥♥ The world is empty, there are no pre-generated structures like villages or castles,no NPC's apart from animals, no different biomes (yet) and no objectives or anything like that. Its just a giant open world with grass,trees and caves.If you like building stuff likes houses and other aesthetics then this game is as good as it gets pretty much. If you need that sense of exploring, interacting, completing objectives (like getting to the nether or a stronghold in minecraft) then id suggest you wait until the game has developed a littler further. All in all it has the potential to be one of the best open world survival games out there.Graphics: 8/10Sound: 10/10Content: 6/10Rating: 7/10"
76561197994542345,Recommended,324080,16050901,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Xeno Zero,"Fun game, tired of falling through the world though."
76561198116717619,Recommended,324080,16468985,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ethan,to much lag can u please higher the fps a little bit
,Recommended,324080,16490497,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nacho Man Randy Sandwich,"I can't begin to explain how much I love this game, the second I started playing I was hooked. At first I didn't understand the controls that well, but once I understood how it worked (I am a minecraft fanatic, just really used to those controls), I couldn't stop playing. The vast open worlds for exploring are beautiful, and the animals all about the place is great. Theres also food everywhere, so it's hard to starve. Also, the cave systems... oh man, so realistic looking. Looking over ledges in caves gives me chills because of my fear of heights. Also the torch in hand light system is pretty sick too. All in all, I give this game a 5/5 stars, even for an early alpha game with plenty of features to come!P.S. I like how you can eat an entire slab of ribs in one bite :D"
76561198056549524,Recommended,324080,17787526,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,jeff,*downloads game**mines**hits goat**gets Killed by goat**hits tree with axe**build red couch*10/10 BEST GAME SINCE MINECRAFT - IGN
76561198004509072,Recommended,324080,17685112,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Oncill,Got eaten by a goat.10/10 would get eaten again.
,Recommended,324080,23317321,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Telx,I would rate this 8 out of 10. That is a B-. The reason I give this game a B is for the lack of creativity. Yes this game is a great take of the survival type of game but it seems like so many other games. Some games like ARK and Rust became popular due to there unique twist. This game kind of lacks this. By kind of I mean it is there but not empowering. I would rate this game 10 out of 10 if they improve graphical capabilities(I am aware this is Alpha but I would like this onceit goes to Beta or even its full relase. I also want them to add more. It has all of the core functions of a good game but needs something more.Even with this negativity I still love this game. I only have 3 hours on it. I have had it for a long time but due too my old cpmputer I could not play it. I am going to play this game more and once I get a gaming computer that runs this even better I will most likely be more updated and have a more positive review.I see a bright future in this game and I still would recommend you buying this. I see them adding things that will make this game stand out.
76561198194176385,Recommended,324080,19554123,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,OrbitalEnd48401,100% Love the game the textures the gameplay its amazing even the video is full of detail 11/10
,Recommended,324080,19529528,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Becky,This Game is fantastic! Especially for an early access game. I love that there aren't monsters and it's just a chilled out survival game! I can't wat for futher updates! Eeek.
,Recommended,324080,19548542,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,BoriBoyBoyxD,Awesome game I love it. Graphics are good. Surviving is good. The Game is good
76561198187538239,Recommended,324080,19426930,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,PenKy21,"If you just wanna play a game for relaxing this is the one ! I am playing solo at the moment to get a feel of this game and I am loving it if you like building in a beautiful world this is the game.There are a few glitches and I know its in the making so can't wait for all the good things to come hopefully stuff like water ,lakes, rivers, and oceans, fishing and when you kill the animals you kill for food it would be nice to get fur ,hides meat  not just kill to find out that you killed a bear for what Nothing! so there could be a grand amount of additions to this game to improve it even more hope to see that stuff soon. Great Game!!!"
,Recommended,324080,21194006,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mad Dog,"Lots of potential, Promising Updates that actually fix bugs and improve the game in noticable ways, I have more offline hours then what shows. Honestly though the game is much much better with friends. could use some animation upgrades and play model updates, but its still young. 8/10 in my book for an alpha game. now to get myself out of this 300 meter cave without any ladders or tools. >.>"
76561198040642203,Recommended,324080,30664197,Posted: 21 March,all,gyopsie,"with each improvment it gets a little better. this feels more like a servivalists world than Minecraft, and with the way the crafting is broken up it's not imposible to play single player but as a group you will get a lot more done a Lot faster.wish I could find water, and some of the ores are a little hard to see but other than that can't wait to see what this game becomes."
76561198098792999,Recommended,324080,31532558,Posted: 3 May,all,Jared! From Subway,this game is one of the best survivel building games out there worth the money!!!!
,Recommended,324080,14063729,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,☜☆☞ Ozzie ☜☆☞,Absolutely Loving the game! And Yet I've barely touched it!
,Recommended,324080,21804439,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Krysis pvpro.com,Rust 2.0
,Recommended,324080,15032563,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Swordplay -|D2N|-,"Created first world, took 2 steps and fell into a cave and broke my leg 10/10"
76561198048295693,Recommended,324080,17079250,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Dagon The Dragon Lord,awsome
76561198101319386,Recommended,324080,15413843,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Phoque off,kwl
76561198119612340,Recommended,324080,15339210,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mr.Yeet,Goddamnit the game wont work for me! I seem to have an unsupported graphics adapter. But according to a few videos and the positive comments I'd say its a good enough game. If only I had a better graphics drive!
,Recommended,324080,22117919,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,hI,"Yes, I do for me it is a good game i played it and it had really good graphics also it was not lagging at all so you should try it . It was a fun game."
,Recommended,324080,14652599,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Francis,"First 30 minutes of gameplay> Menu appears> Create an account with my name, what? no problem with the name? whoa first time in my life that this occurs ... GOTY!> Settings, put everything in the maximum> Create a new world> Jokes appear while the world is created> in the game ... it looks beautiful but the fps is low (23fps)> Settings again, disables all> The graphics remains the same, but now the fps is 52> Cut a tree, lose mouse control, walk a little, lose control again, kill a pig, again the mouse goes crazy, walk a little more> See rocks, walk up to them> Falls into a cave, break an leg> Digs up, makes a torch> Back to the cave, explore, find nothing> Out again, walk away, lose mouse control several times, suddenly pass trought the ground> See strange things, the game freezes, ctrl+alt+del! all pc is slow !!> Decides to wait for the final versionGraphics 8/10Sound 7/10Gameplay 5/10nonsense 15/10bugs 20/10final note 4/20Did you see the joke?"
76561198113145445,Recommended,324080,18232520,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Wigger.1,this game is so fun i think they can do some improvemint in the food that you get from animals but from that the game is so cool i love the crafting. Oh one more thing that just slipped into my mind the loom the crafting station all it does is make tents like if you make a crafting station you have to have more than one object to make in it. and also the amout of health you have is worse than minecraft ine hit by a bear and it goes down like half. But all an all its a great game and it deserves more people playing it I give a thumbs up.
76561198148346873,Recommended,324080,14837212,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Papagr,"Bien qu'étant une version Alpha, Rising World est un jeu très prometteur. Ayant joué déjà quelques heures, j'ai rencontré que très peu de bugs (Impossibilité de monter dans une échelle, tombé dans le ''néant''). Certains objets sont difficile à placer (l'échelle par exemple), d'autres trop facile à acquérir. Pour l'instant je qualifierait ce jeux de sandbox-construction plutôt qu'un jeux de survie. Je suis impatient de découvrir vers quelle direction les concepteurs du jeu se dirigeront. Nice game! Keep on the good work :)"
,Recommended,324080,19360222,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,lonewolf,Really good game kinda like mine craft but with a smooth world instead of blocks
76561198074450240,Recommended,324080,18853494,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Decx03,meh its ok i gess 6/10
,Recommended,324080,19016401,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,lostfile,i know i will get punched in the face for saying this and its not the first time its happend to me its some what better then minecraft and i do like the hole look of this game to
76561198068822627,Recommended,324080,18921269,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TheWgames,"Haven't played the game for too long, but I am quite addicted to it already. It's easy to run, simplistic and very enjoyable. It's basically minecraft, but without the cubes, and a lot more modern furniture and build styles. One downside is how darn many trees you have to cut to build a proper house. But overall, I guess I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,324080,20040652,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Luke_Jams_Tuna,its great
,Recommended,324080,21051672,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Semirotta,"Overall very nicely made game, tall grass is pretty damn annoying since all the smaller critters and items ""disappear"" into it.I hope they add a lot more hostiles and especially something special for the night time. At the moment, surviving is seriously not even surviving since there is no challenge. Most likely you die because you jump down to a hole instead of getting killed by an animal (bear, tiger, rhyno or what so ever)PLEASE keep in mind that my review is about the current version where I have been playing in.Pros:Animals, landscape and biomes look amazingBig world to exploreHuge choise of blocksA lot of different biomes to find with the biome related animalsCons:Surviving is too easyNot enough hostiles, especially during night time you would expect all kinds of predatorial animals to start moving aroundNo armorsOnly 4 WeaponsNo crouching (Ctrl does not really crouch even though it goes a little bit down)Sum-up:Buy it if you like building, exploring and mining."
76561198062290744,Recommended,324080,20797895,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,yablo,👌
76561198203013612,Recommended,324080,21285090,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,AngelOfTheGone,"The game is a great concept. It is the kind of game that I have wanted for a long time. There are still some minor bugs in the game that can be quite annoying, but is overall a good game. There is some obvious room for improvement, but is very very promising so long as it continues to have support and the developers continue to actively work on it.I've only fallen out of the world once, and it sucked mostly because I lost some pretty valuable stuff. It was not that difficult to recover from the loss, though.I also got my friends to get this game and they seem to enjoy it."
,Recommended,324080,15059082,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Northy,Got lost in a cave. 10/10.
76561198075226703,Recommended,324080,14336707,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,xXNineLivesXx,its a great game that shows some promise of being a even greater game. But needs more updates often. othere than that the online is even greatere cause of the endless things people can build.
,Recommended,324080,19446743,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,CARNY666,I like this minecraft-esque game for the same reason one might like minecraft. You can build whatever you want and put whatever you want in it. The only real complaint I'd have is the crazy terrains.
76561198065948721,Recommended,324080,31263037,Posted: 20 April,all,djwup,it can be a good
76561198091041229,Not Recommended,324080,16343890,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,KaQ,Meh. It's okay for an early access game but really glitchy. The skybox texture spazzes out and i sometimes fall through the ground. It's better to wait until it's fully released or at least until these glitches are hammered out.
76561198019535806,Not Recommended,324080,13570324,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Caribcanuk,Highly Not RecommendedIf your one of the unlucky ones who can not get the game to run and the problem is anything more than a bad java install or outdated video driver  your out of luck. The developers are other unable or unwilling to resolve any issue more complex than a bad java od ouitdated driver. As for the game cant say havent be able to get in more than 3 times in 15-20 attempts and crashed within 2 min.
76561198156935665,Recommended,324080,15313352,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,killer,this game is the best one i have ever seen and this is in alpha 0.5.5.1 first game i have ever played in alpha and i love it i am building a brick house on it at the moment 10/10 i would reccomend this game to anyone even at this stage in development i would rate this better than any sandbox based game
76561198172262721,Not Recommended,324080,33446300,Posted: 10 July,all,NatethekidSM,"This game gets old very quickly and there isn't much of a purpose to it. The graphics are weird and look way too polygon-like. The game is a traditional ""Early Access Forever"" title and rarely gets updated. It's overpriced and I only bought it because a friend wanted me to."
,Recommended,324080,13221204,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,voben,"So far I'm enjoying it, it looks promising and I have no regrets about joining in this early. I look forward to its development."
,Recommended,324080,13282805,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Ozhound,"Used pick axe to dig a hole in a mountain, fell through hole into bottomless pit.Still falling12/10"
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,324080,29451422,Posted: 23 January,all,Hade,"I read in the reviews that it's better then Minecraft. That person must have been on drugs. Only the graphics are better.My review is based on playing a  single player survival game.It'll take you about 4-6 hours to make most of the items in the game (if that). It currently suffers from sever lack of (survival) content.My first 3 games, I started up so high, that when I moved, I fell within a sliver of my life. When you start, you start on a high peak and then fall down onto that high peak.Currently you start with a pick and axe (there's no shovels) and you can make an additional 6 more tools and that's it. Of those 6, I only found the sickle and hoe to be of value. And 1 utterly useless tool (the rolling pin), no wheat in game, no recipes to make dough or bread. Once you make a hoe it obsoletes the scythe (I use it to make paths in the grass, it's easy to get lost with no mini-map).There's only 3 weapons (sword, axe, morningstar) you can make. They have no stats, so you won't know which is better, if either. Also there are no craftable clothes or armor, hence no character screen.Base building is clumsy at best. When placing blocks you can place anywhere from 1 - 7 at a time. Sometimes the game will let you place seven at a time, other times only 1. There is no rhyme or reason to it. Wooden plank are the worst to place, often not aligning (leaving gaps) or just absolutely refusing to be place in certain areas. Also doors and wooden planks/blocks don't seem to be very compatiable with eachother when base building. But actually you don't need doors or walls, since there's no threat.A lot of things in the game don't make sense.For instance:When you chop trees you have to find and pick up the logs and saplings (no automatic pickup). However when you mine, everything goes automatically into your inventory.Same for farming, you use a sickle to gather veggies/fruits and seeds from plants, however you can only get either seeds or the fruit (but not both) from watermelons or pumpkins.A sickle will yield you cut grass, but a scythe (which covers more area) will not. I haven't found a use for cut grass yet.Currently pumpkins have no use in the game whatsoever. Same for some of the ores that you find.Earlier when I said you have to find logs/saplings. The land in covered in tall grass. It's hard to find anything in it.Also with saplings, 1 out of every 3 trees you chop and 1 out of every 4 fruit trees will yield you a sapling.Even though you have plantable fruit/veggies, there are no recipies. You just eat them to fill up your food/drink and health bars.I was very disappointed with the top tier (tier 2) workbench. It can turn hemp leaves (that aren't in the game) into hemp fibers that have no purpose. Also turns wool into cloth so you can make a tent. And that's all it does.I did like how the smelter worked, you put ores into slots, turn it on and out come metal bars (eventually). However, adding fuel to the smelter is a different story. 1 coal is 20 fuel and 1 piece of lumber is 5 fuel, and you can only place 1 unit in the smelter at a time. So you're left standing there, holding the mouse button down waiting as it slowly fills up. Small smelter holds 1k fuel, large 2k. It's very tedious and time consuming.I have yet to find any other biome except grass.Graphics are glitchy.The developer is active in the forums, atleast that's a plus, and it's not abandoned.....yet.If you're into sandbox games, then you can build to your hearts desire (since there seems to be more decorations then anything else). But if you're into survival games, then this game in it's current stage is not for you. There's really not much to do, unless you like to pointlessly farm or mine alot.I'm not into sandbox games, but survival games, so this game is not for me.I should have gone with my first instinct and refunded the game, but I kept thinking maybe there was something I missed. Nope I was right the first time.Finally, I know it's EA, but it gets rated on what it is, not what everyone thinks it will become or whatever mythical potential it has."
,Not Recommended,324080,29600074,Posted: 30 January,all,Mushuukyou,"I wonder how many years we have to wait for this to come out of ""Early Access""."
,Recommended,324080,13302224,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Scarecrow,"I have to say I'm quite impressed so far. It reminds me of a mix of Minecraft, Rust, and Space Engineers (the mining/collection/control aspect). Beautiful graphics and I really like the night vision mode! I'm not sure if thats an early feature that will go away or not... but its nice being able to mine without torches!Very unfinished at this point, you can only collect wood and stone, but any items you need that aren't craftable... you can just... GET. Done! It's got a lot of cool crafting possibilities that are all vanilla, which you would require a dozen minecraft mods to match. Pretty slick!This is basically the 'real' looking survival mining game I've been waiting for! I can't wait to see what happens next!"
76561198143825802,Recommended,324080,30578618,Posted: 17 March,all,Nuclear,Adult minecraft i love it
76561198067645545,Not Recommended,324080,32961413,Posted: 28 June,all,mourning wood,wait to buy it. this game lacks content and developer feedback. so until they show some integrity  dont buy it
76561197990101320,Not Recommended,324080,17075100,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,S-P,"May have potential in the future but right now a lot of the functions are buggy or don't actually do anything or just don't work right. I'm sure in the future they will sort through the problems but there really is not much to the game right now.  I will probably change this review in the future but can't recommend it in it's current state, you may want to hold off buying until they actually add more content."
76561198096984894,Not Recommended,324080,14044029,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jon Snow,This game is not worth your money this game needs to be updated more because im not liking it so do not buy this game plus i wish i could get a refund
,Recommended,324080,28234694,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Skulldron5,Beautiful graphics and quite simply great but more content is needed to truly give this game what it needs.The fun just doesn't last as long as other games and a story line would be great or at least the choice of a story mode.An update on content would be great and also some work on the shaders to make them a little more realistic. It gets quite laggy when loading so i would recommend fixing that and it does crash often.NEEDS ATTENTION
76561198125860769,Recommended,324080,24661302,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,[TTM] You,"Hounestly if this game had armour it would make it 10x better,when me and my 5 other friends who bought this realized it was a letdown because it had no armour,we stopped playing it.Please add armour"
76561198029779195,Recommended,324080,30604141,Posted: 18 March,all,FightLikeABeats,"Played nearly 6 hours so far and that is just in 1 sitting!It's really fun to play, but I can tell it still needs a lot of work.waiting on some more unpdates to come along."
76561198206425177,Not Recommended,324080,20098708,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,drew.okwei,"The connection on this game is terrible, i cannot even pick up wood its so bad. Whenever i chop down a tree and chop its lumber into pieces, it shows a hand to grab the wood; and when i grab the wood none appers in my inventory. Oddly enough though so far, thats the only problem i have discoverd other than lag but still collecting wood is obviously a big part of the game. Lastly, since i like this game but i can barely do anything w/ out wood, i will leave a dislike."
76561198296064421,Recommended,324080,22264899,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,corneliabiebrach,Wow
76561198086953799,Recommended,324080,25116236,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Smrgle,Slight bumps in the terrain ignited my OCD.1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111/10 would suffer mental illness again
76561198207069931,Not Recommended,324080,23838088,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vsauce.exe,"For now the game does not progress fast enough, and a big part of the game(Mining) is such a chore to do and it takes way to long to mine objects. But mining isn't the only problem, placing anything besides blocks is really wonky and awkward. I've also been in situations where i have been minding my own buisness and i randomly die! maybe in the future this game will be beter than it is now. But for now i do not recomend this game at all."
76561198120327213,Recommended,324080,25779777,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Katsukary-sensei,"If you like sandbox no-goals-kind of game, think of minecraft on steroids sort of, and here you have it! I enjoyed playing it and hope for future updates and stable gameworks. Remeber at all times that its still in testing phase and espect some issues from it, but still its an awsome project!"
76561198134814776,Not Recommended,324080,20020924,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ZPΞLLY,Game won't start... Crashes in loading screen and when I make it into the game and try to start a world the game will crash again...
76561198093331021,Not Recommended,324080,20303453,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Brixmis,"I've had the game for 6 months. There have been many updates (according to the amount of downloads). I tried it at the start and found it awful.The physics are laughable. I didn't get too much into the crafting side because the appearance and physics were so bad that I wasn't prepared to play it.I just decided to try it again, after seemingly many updates, and found it hardly different to before. Maybe the graphics have improved - not really sure, but I still find them a low standard. On top of that, the physics doesn't appear to have changed at all. I would prefer a refund, but it's too late now, and I made the mistake of thinking it would get better within a few months.Not recommended at all."
76561198116366723,Recommended,324080,21324267,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Stuart Pot (2D),-Downloads game-Installs game-Opens game-Starts new world-Is exploring-Gets good stuff-Falls down sinkhole and dies10/10
76561198161718248,Recommended,324080,30594091,Posted: 18 March,all,Bhalgrum,"Awesome game, dev's is very active and dedicated to the game, highly recommend this game."
76561198022124159,Not Recommended,324080,16067286,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Snibble,Boring as hell!Buy 7 days to die if you want a crafting game where you can do something as well.
76561198107079429,Recommended,324080,29891478,Posted: 12 February,all,IrishNemo,This game is amazing and i love it. still has plenty of room to grow but it is a solid foundation. I cant wait to see what the future will bring.
76561198213408352,Recommended,324080,18479635,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Everyone likes tacos,"I use to have a good paying job, wife, motorcycle and a new car. I bought this game because it looked like what minecraft should have been. It's better, I have lost my life a few times and restarted twice. I had a nice huge house with a great cache that i cheated myself into :p heh heh. I got tired of life in my castle side mansion and left it in the wind. Took only the clothes on my back and a few tools."
76561198065707500,Recommended,324080,16361215,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,martin,it a very fun game
,Recommended,324080,15872368,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,b133d 4 u,"DEFINITELY needs some work.Run Through #1I press [esc] in order to adjust the settings and learn the controls, and I get killed by a bear. Respawned and got stuck in a tree next to that same bear. He kept killing me over and over. Other than that, it seems like this is a good game, so far. Gonna play some more and hopefully gather some dirt or something this time.Run Through #2Managed to gather some materials and even craft a shelter, campfire, and workbench! Feeling pretty good, too, since I've mined some of the new copper ore in the process. I come up from underground and find myself in front of a bear(Not again!). This time, I know to run, so I do. I finally outrun the bear, when I take a few steps and fall through the map... Well, sh*t. I just lost all my stuff. Still recommend, due to it having been rather fun gathering everything, despite it sucking balls that I need to do it again. Again, DEFINITELY NEEDS WORK."
76561198111393493,Recommended,324080,17333626,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Nitro,it won't work for me(i've done ALL the stuff needed though!!!
,Recommended,324080,17252348,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,F_Society,its an ok game
,Recommended,324080,16058320,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Cookie,This game has great potential is a bit lacking in some areas.. but this is early access what else do you expect? It has some of the best object/player interaction available in any game ive played. If you wanna cook you set your food how you want and where you want.. that is interaction.
,Recommended,324080,15455408,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,=Nexus=,Good by Minecraft! Hello Rising World! :DSeriously great gameplay! I am having LOTS of fun with it!
76561197970430357,Not Recommended,324080,21308243,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,lupoalberto.frank,"much worse than what I expected, at first it was so full of bugs that I lost the world I was working, since then I have not had more courage to start again for fear of losing it all again, promises of updates that do not and now there's a price reduction that makes me think that the price reduction is due to the little success which stands enjoying. in my opinion the worst money spent by a bit 'of time now."
,Not Recommended,324080,23541967,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Bebblebrox,"DO NOT BUY THIS YETThis is in a totall unfinished state.  Do not fall for the hype of all these positive reviews...I'm not sure what games they usually play but they must not like semi-polished games.Not polished, not done, everything looks like it was done in a very old game engine.I get that it's early release, I have tons of early release games.  This is not ready to even be on Steam."
76561198094897552,Recommended,324080,13299222,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,schegele,This game is worth the money. As long as development continues it is going to blow up.
,Recommended,324080,15462169,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,FinnmarkStorm,Great game
,Recommended,324080,20667942,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,*****instevearino,this game is AWESOME
76561198035568519,Recommended,324080,14076777,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,T.otal Fag,i cant launch it
76561198008104899,Recommended,324080,22500007,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,JG51_Angriff,I think this is the Reign of Kings engine and it is very similar with crafting tables.  I wish is was not so expansive to include asphalt and modern buildings  but it is about the same.   The chopping and digging routines are pretty much out of place swinging in the air but I am sure they will enhance those automations in the future or if not remain stupid looking.No water in the game that I have found but they say it will be added next patch.  All in all a pleasant experience even at this level.
76561198114402367,Recommended,324080,13220357,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,magic jebus,"LOVE IT SO MUCH FUN ,EVEN BETER WHEN IT COMES OUT"
,Recommended,324080,15922279,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Lower Downer,eh
76561198059555465,Recommended,324080,31301455,Posted: 22 April,all,Gleepwurp,Really love building in it!!
76561198088978715,Recommended,324080,33064539,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr.Wolf,this is a fun game i havent played it in a long time because i forgot about it XD but it is fun SO BUY IT
,Not Recommended,324080,23620358,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The Frog,"I didn't play much of this at all but something about it for the short time i did play it felt empty. Its a hard to explain feeling that i think every gamer has felt at some point, the feeling could be compared to that of being all alone on a multiplayer server or a massive level with no more monsters on it."
76561198043314855,Not Recommended,324080,16585055,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Garboda,"I know it's in alpha, but there are a lot of glitches. My first death I fell though the ground and died in the middle of a grassy area. I've also had my health bar and food/drink bar turn grey and it was impossible for me to die. I AM IMMORTAL lol. Also Bears.... Bears are glitchy as hell and always kill you. Still havn't figured out a way to fix broken bones even though it felt like when I fell in a cave it did nothing. I'm really suprised that there are so many positive reviews on this game it feels so incomplete and at the same time It really isn't that fun. Roam around a place that is way to grassy with a pickaxe and a hatchet and look in holes for ore and avoid bears -Thats this game in a nutshell."
76561198064154064,Not Recommended,324080,28682651,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Peat and Growerful Triskie,"Quiet pretty game, nice voxel-based graphics, also i didn't meet any bugs during my game session. However it lacks content: crafting resources and receipts, animals, greens, etcWould i recommend this game? Depends. If you want to have a full game(or at least close to be finished) like me, i won't recommend it."
,Recommended,324080,13257901,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Kasoi,The worst thing here is Java.Pig took about 8 axe hits. I feel terrible :(
,Not Recommended,324080,17173480,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,samantha,Rather laggy and feeling quite unfinished. Immediately jumping into the world there wasn't much sense of adventure due to tall grass and never-ending trees and rough terrain. Maybe that was just the biome I was in but didn't feel adventurous. Like I said the deal-breaker was that this game was very laggy even on normal graphics.
76561198086809875,Not Recommended,324080,25240464,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Zed Basher,"I've had this game for some time now and I've never really enjoyed playing it. It's an incomplete clone of many other crafting/sandbox/survival games and probably the most boring one I've played. The UI is very minimal and clunky and they still haven't added a charector model. For example when you swing an axe, all you see is the axe swinging all by itself with not even a hand/arm holding it. There's been no progress as far as story line, NPCs, end game content or anything else that might give one a reason to play Rising World. And what's that title about? What's rising? What world is this? I mean seriously put a little effort and provide a bit of background story at the very least. I would avoid this game during early access because it just seems to be marching in place and going nowhere right now. Put a pin in it and check once every 6 months or so. Don't hold your breath though."
76561198139417163,Recommended,324080,13233183,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,piecesTHEmilkman,"Awesome Game! Now I must mention, make sure you have Java 64 bit installed BEFORE downloading this game, as many people seemed to have difficulty starting it up. If you happen to accidentally download it without Java already installed I'd recommend deleting Rising World from your computer (e.g. delete from steam library) install java, then redownload the game. Something I want to tell the developers- man, this game would be so awesome if there was a slight horror element added to it. If I could have my way I'd have it to the point where at night you could barely see past your torchlight and monsters ran up on you very quickly and out of nowhere. I'd also add spooky atmospheric noises once night falls, along with terrifyingly loud noises once a monster has attacked you. Although I'd pay $100 for that to be implemented, you guys have done so well so far I'd recommend just sticking to your instinct and follow your goal of whatever you wanted Rising World to be. Keep up the fantastic work, you guys definitely have something special here."
76561198040410730,Not Recommended,324080,34073545,Posted: 6 August,all,Metagravedom,so many other games on the market that do it better and offer so much more.
76561198131850264,Not Recommended,324080,22220566,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,AragingMonk,"I ask for a refund after 30 minutes.  Tigers laying next to sheep but chase me when I walk by? Cattle, elephants and pigs hanging out like it is just another day on the farm?  Ran across the map until my hand got so tired I had to take it away from the keyboard but still found no water, despite the willow trees everywhere."
76561198024000046,Not Recommended,324080,18357621,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MortVent,"Well from what I played going to have to say nay for now.Far too many issues trying to find mats/food early on... not all animals carry meat, and random may mean no plantsBut has a lot of promise, though lacking in options for a non-modern look (would prefer more rustic options vs brigh shiny city stuff)"
,Recommended,324080,13263355,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,fatputtycat,"A really fun Early Access game where you can find some amazing things in randomly generated worlds! The game will require the 64 bit version of Java so download it first and make sure you delete the other Java versions (if you have any) It's an amazing game and has some neat physics. If you ever get lonely you can play multiplayer! (you may of already seen that in the trailer) Worth a purchase without a doubt, the only issue that I had (notice the ""had"") was having to learn alot about Java. I would reccommened looking up a guide for downloading the 64 bit of Java if you are unaware of what it is."
,Recommended,324080,13262276,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Me And Myself,"I'm only a couple hrs. in and i can tell you without a doubt that if your looking for a ""minecraft"" in a real world scenario,look no more.This alpha has only been out for 3 days i believe and it's more complete than other games similar to this genre(in alpha also).I watched one youtube video from vortacvids n i was already hooked.2 hours in i've already learned a bunch of neat little tricks as far as tree chopping n sicle operation,among others.I'll be starting a let's play series tomorrow to showcase these things and more.ALPHA MEANS THE GAME WILL BE BUGGY AND NOT COMPLETE,but....like i said it's already more complete than similar alpha's like it out on steam.join us to help support the developer today."
76561198043471187,Recommended,324080,29552933,Posted: 28 January,all,Pacmikey,Great game
76561198008536512,Not Recommended,324080,20314192,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Steve,"Can not recommend at this time, if the Dev puts some effort into it I will edit this review, currently falling through the world, poor glitchy graphics and very little content shows this game as a EA nonstarter."
76561198022937644,Not Recommended,324080,20061795,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SirGurg,"For an early access game, it's ok. I was drawn in by the stylistic side to the game but color schemes are kind of strange movement is terrible, AI is terrible, crafting system I like but can be awkward and slow. Get this game if you're willing to wait for it to get better but for now I didn't enjoy it, and bot bored very quickly"
76561198055472814,Recommended,324080,21060592,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,saphira.dragons,"Hello people,Love the game.As single player I am bit desaponted that this layte in the development of this game we still do not have a map to show as where we have visited or how to get back to the palce we wish to buld our base. Where we have found the resaurses or how to get back to them.We can make a copas that doesnt seem to do anything.Love all the deferent animals but very desaponted in the loot of them. Realy, killing a pig give you onluy a 2/3 bacons???? Seriusly?? Cow that dont give milk if killed just abit of meat??? Come on!!!! You can do better that that. Other animals give nothing... At the moment they are not worth the efford of killing.Fruit and Vegitables. Great to have them, how tose one find them, by excedent, cat tell most of the time what they are let alone if worth getharing them. Trees..... Love the apples, but apples and lemons alone??? where are the rest of the ftuit trees???? Saplings???? What does one do with them??? Put them into the ground ...natural conclusin,nea, they stay there and when you cut them again , they are still suplings......Items that you can place down. Great until you want to move then to a diferent location. Then you have to destroy then copletly, you get no resaurses back you have to go and find new material to rebuild them. Such a waist.Come on guys!!! Fix this so we can enjpoy this bueastiful game even better and play if for longer then an hour before having to delite it and sturt from scrach..    You do know that that will make us very frustrated to the point when we are bored to keep try again and again.Please, please, please fix this as I would realy, rely like to play this game for hours and hours as I do love to craft and build for myself and by mayself. After all this is the first game in 3D that I have found that has lot of the things that I want in a this kind of game.I love it!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,324080,20052193,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jokerwild3,"Just minecraft in hd. i ghave this game a fair chance, and i could.nt get into it. if they added enemies or objectives i'd give it another shot."
,Recommended,324080,34854013,Posted: 9 September,all,SnowmanXIV14,"Very much a beta game but great concept and a lot to do already. Keep up the great work, can't wait to see further updates!"
76561198094034126,Recommended,324080,13437278,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,cj20062,evre time i clik on it it brigs my to javu wut do i do PLES HELP.
76561198222850192,Recommended,324080,15907680,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,chiefkeef122,having a problem with full screen.  it will only play windowed and Im on an up to date Mac.
,Recommended,324080,21698105,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ZoomZap,"Very Nice game! The developer (red51) is an amazing guy. I told my issue, and how i fixxed it, and he released a huge patch with terrain and a MASSIVE bugfix, fixxing my issue. The gameplay is pretty nice. New content often. Its just pretty dang good. I highly recommend this game for building/Survival gameplay. 10/10. I reccomend it!!"
76561198199542543,Recommended,324080,18476143,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Old Man,after update 0.6.1.5 pointer dont work change setting dont work help
76561198310998684,Recommended,324080,32795285,Posted: 25 June,all,NicNoBeard,i love it
76561198160061044,Recommended,324080,33134310,Posted: 2 July,all,Grongi,Great game. The developer is on top of updates and I cant wait to see what he adds next.
76561198087204933,Not Recommended,324080,29857795,Posted: 11 February,all,Hawksman49,"I can't recommend this game at the moment as it still requires too much work on it. I acknowledge this is Early Acess.If you are thinking of buying this, it is like a Demo right now.This game does have potential but right now has barley any content to speak of."
76561198041879613,Not Recommended,324080,35058219,Posted: 18 September,all,viewsonicg,I mean...it's minecraft with no content and better graphics. So graphics are nice I guess? Wait and see.
,Recommended,324080,34243950,Posted: 14 August,all,Jetinator,I love this game and if you dont know if you want to buy it or not here what it is .... its like minecraft but with way better grahphics!!
,Not Recommended,324080,32031582,Posted: 28 May,all,Thicc Daddy,"It's a decent game, but feels like those minecraft clones you find on the app store. The concept of an open world sandbox has been beaten to death after minecraft. 5/10"
76561198105935429,Not Recommended,324080,33350220,Posted: 7 July,all,AI OPPONENT 1,"I regret buying this game, might as well have just played minecraft."
76561198012600533,Not Recommended,324080,21312978,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,timjcody,I have a thing for early access games so Rising World seemed like it would be interesting.  I didn't know it was possible to make something even more boring than Minecraft.  Sure the environment is more customizable than Minecraft but its only slightly so you eventually see the same angles over and over again.  Its hard to figure out how you need to build your mine shaft so you can climb back out of it.  Overall good promise just needs more polish to the movement it doesn't feel very responsive.
76561198046640369,Not Recommended,324080,17254740,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Reflex,"To many game breaking glitches, I understand its in alpha but if your gonna put it up to buy atleast make sure that the glitches wont ruin the gameplay."
76561198142770971,Not Recommended,324080,15309810,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,esquyre,"Can't even get a new world to load, it just crashes.  After searching, I discovered it seems to be a common problem.  The game has minimum graphics card requirements and doesn't handle any card well which doesn't match those requirements (i.e. it crashes).  Didn't see any mention of minimum requirements on the Steam store page.  Not cool for a game that is very appealing to little kids with parents that aren't really PC gamers and won't have the latest hardware.  Even more uncool that we probably won't get our money back.  Now we're stuck with a game we paid $15 for that we can't even play because we're not going to go spend a bunch more to get a graphics card that will work.Refund please!?!?!?!"
,Not Recommended,324080,20837633,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,dead_alewives,"The game's been in alpha since 2014 and looks like it was just released a week ago.The way the game runs and looks isn't even worth the 15 dolars they're asking for. It does have potential though and might be worth checking out sometime in the future when the game has been more refined. Until then, I think I'm staying away."
,Recommended,324080,13752938,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BigMemeTyrone,not woking ;-;♥♥♥♥♥this
76561198109363999,Recommended,324080,14361807,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,=7Cav=SPC.Graves.K,Hit Pig and my game crashed12/10 would hit pig again
76561198196566015,Recommended,324080,26160573,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Budgie,its very cool
76561198302901620,Not Recommended,324080,22772989,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ninjajake2003,So far im not enjoying as much as i thoguht it is a bit lagger when ever i push mouse-right i move right can you change the first and second action keys to attack and place
,Recommended,324080,31816626,Posted: 17 May,all,RogerBrah,minecraft on steroids. BUY IT NOW.
76561198052377792,Not Recommended,324080,14036363,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,BooseGumps,"The game will not open. I deleted and redownloaded it without success in launching it. I imagined this game would have issues being in alpha, but not one where it doesn't even open."
,Recommended,324080,29061608,Posted: 6 January,all,𝓛𝓪𝓭𝓲𝓼𝓵𝓪𝓿,Filling chest with junk. Accidentally dragged tomatoes into line between chest slots. Tomatoes are vaporized. Would stave to death again. 420/10 IGN.
76561198090632242,Not Recommended,324080,15155078,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,svalbard22,"its kinda dissapointing, the graphic when in the full screen mode is very annoying all the objects are flickering and doesnt pleasant to see, the object is too painfully sharp when in full screen mode!can i ask for a refund?"
76561198052265144,Recommended,324080,34907856,Posted: 12 September,all,stevenmoo,I found the game slow in development. After while the game gets very boring.  For a 4K screen monitor the writing is very small and I want to see the adjustments for the text in the settings so I can adjust it myself in the settings this game has promise if they keep on updating the game. placing items in chest takes a while to respond and I like to see better physics with cutting down trees and texures seam need to fix because I see right through .  I know this review is harsh but it has to be if you want a good game .
76561198190473213,Recommended,324080,18526833,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,AT&T Tech,"I do not like this game because it provides challenges but its so boring, you dont really get to do anything so im wondering if i can get a refund."
76561198142342920,Recommended,324080,15926244,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,wolfclaw99,best game ever
76561197990398305,Not Recommended,324080,34762797,Posted: 5 September,all,James42785,"Very bland game, nothing really to do and no clear direction to take. I explored and found nothing compelling in the scenery. The crafting is unintuitive and restricted and resource harvesting is clumsy and laborous. Can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,324080,29204612,Posted: 12 January,all,Ciel Phantomhive,"Frankly I think this game has a lot of potential, don't get me wrong.However in the current state I can't really recommend it, as it lacks a lot such as mobs or goals to achieve, making the game a bit boring and dull after some hours.Even though I refunded it, I'll surely pick it up again when it gets more things to play with. (I only refunded it since I kinda needed the money, sorry dev :V)PS: You can clearly see the love that the dev has towards this game, so IMO it deserves a second chance. c:"
76561198304970203,Not Recommended,324080,31282217,Posted: 21 April,all,solumnplaysgames,"there is not much a story in the game. I'm torn on whether to recommend or not. I do like this game. However, even being early access, it's way too early. It's hardly survival game. It's mainly creative game. If you know all of the basics, you pretty much can have a modern house in two hours. You need a lot of imagination to make it work. I still don't understand why this game needs huge variety of vegetation, trees and animal. I feel so clustered and pointless. No real difference between eating cows or pigs, between carrots or potatoes. I guess if you like minecraft, give it try. Even though just $15, I think this game needs much more. I do admit the game creators do seem to pay attention to gamer community."
76561198071372275,Not Recommended,324080,13582909,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[ZSU] Schutz,"looks like a great game and a good idea, but it wont play for me. it just takes me to the java website over, and over. i dont want my money back but i would like it to be fixed or at least some support seeing i payed for this product"
76561198253353083,Not Recommended,324080,34515936,Posted: 26 August,all,dastosho,"The idea of the game is good. Graphic is nice.But the developer are not doing anything to push the game forward, the game becomes boring fast and is lacking of sense somehow. You can build and build and build. I would reconsider my negative recommandation, if the game changes to a lively game. There is so much until now that isn't done and it doesn't seem like something will change this fact in future."
,Not Recommended,324080,16394772,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Danlog Gamer,"Ok, first of, i got a MAC, i just played the game once, but i expected a lot of errors, not in the game, i mean like in the menu, the second time i tried to open the game, it never opened, im very upset, i hope in the future i can get my money back. DONT BUY IF YOU ARE USING A MAC"
76561198058473782,Not Recommended,324080,18644457,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,KDS-MCIG,Dont bother. There are plenty of voxel games out there better than this one so go find them. Too bad I cant get a refund. And its not that its a terrible game its just...Ok.
,Not Recommended,324080,15848245,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,gamerpaddy,"im not sure if this has potential.controls is worse than minecraftits looks like every other ""minecraft clone""just because the terrain isnt made out of blocks, doesnt mean its betterIts better than castleminer and such cheap fake minecraft clonesbut i wouldnt buy this again in this development state.lets see what upcoming updates will do, maybe it will get a good game"
76561198212739156,Not Recommended,324080,15095057,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,danwright98,"i have bought it on mac, graphics are terrible, cant play single player, when i display the full screen mode it does not work, help please"
,Recommended,324080,15875747,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,bimbococksock,its good
,Not Recommended,324080,20923175,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Zidgel,"its okay, lacks player base"
76561198134079776,Not Recommended,324080,15818611,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,jasonsd,Haven't been able to play. Once you start in the world the game freezes and must restart the computer to get out of it.
,Not Recommended,324080,15284433,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Puddingtader,Bought this game because it has a low spec requirement. Its not for me. servers are pretty low pop. crafting is boring in my opinion. If you like to play solo and just build stuff this is your game. If you like to RP save your money and buy reign of kings.
76561198183279095,Not Recommended,324080,15457389,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,KingSlayer3423,i dont know if its just my couter but this game is really lagy
76561197993288786,Not Recommended,324080,16187365,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Invest,"This is not a game it's a ""first time check if engine runs the way it's coded"""
,Not Recommended,324080,31849312,Posted: 19 May,all,gonzome,"Great graphic's. nice world generation, but it has its downs, FPS can be fixed, the game is very blan, it needs more NPCs, enimies arnt added, there is very basic animals, its just a field and does not have any new terrain. Love to see it grow but, its really does not have anything..."
76561198124520970,Not Recommended,324080,31943232,Posted: 24 May,all,Kakkakarrotkake,"If you love Minecraft then you will like the concept of this. However it is still in a VERY early access stage to me it seems. If you don't mind following along with the developers and seeing every update as it comes in then this is your game. If you're looking for a complete game or a close to complete game, this isn't your game. Check in on this game next year and I bet you it will be a lot better the more time that passes."
76561198018608772,Not Recommended,324080,18497502,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,MylifeForGolf,"Oh dear, I was expecting more from minecraft story mode, but the graphics on the pig make it look like they went through multiple wars."
76561198008432825,Not Recommended,324080,16837735,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SOSCookies,"Tools are used without hands, it's very ugly and they did not fix it."
,Recommended,324080,13884769,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,this is not Lydz,Opened the game...  I saw a tree... Chopped it... I saw the highest mountain... Climbed It... I saw a goat... Chased and murdered it... Fell on the cave... Dig my way out... Saw a cow... Chased and murdered it... Saw a pig... Chased and murdered it... Saw a flowers... Picked it up and went back and tried to put it on top of the animals that I have murdered but I fail :( saw a pumpkin... Picked it up... 0.4 hrs and I enjoyed what I was doing.... Would open game again just to murder those poor animals... (I did saw the crafting system and it really looks interesting.)
76561198169980999,Recommended,324080,23540359,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,zemen123,well i started playing didnt know what i was doing went chopped down a tree got logs and found a potato next to the logs i think or i dropped from the tree ate the potato and commited canibalism because im a potato anyway was walking and a puma attacked me almost died cause i was holding a plant and its name was bob and it cant kill a puma sadly anyway managed to barely live killed a few other creatures there a giraffe where there wasnt even a body and a pig where there was 10/10 would play again still have no idea what im doing
,Recommended,324080,23695706,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,BirdScoot,its legit
,Recommended,324080,25068900,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,GET,best game ever 10 out of 10 it has a grill
76561198192569018,Recommended,324080,25003660,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,The Lone Carrot,">spawn in""hmm, this seems cool"">see bengal tiger""hello there tiger"">tiger starts chasing me""no please"">tiger attacks me twice>survive>start building stuff>another tiger>it chases me>it kills me10/10 would get killed by tigers again"
76561198061926556,Recommended,324080,30942555,Posted: 4 April,all,watcher,ok
76561198183146161,Not Recommended,324080,18721720,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,joesdot,I can't even get this game to open.
76561198091853640,Not Recommended,324080,35333293,Posted: 30 September,all,♫Natybro♫,It's not very fun and the crafting is very complicated
,Not Recommended,324080,28905641,Posted: 1 January,all,[WOTN] Wiken,"Glorified version of minecraft, nothing interessting.Buy at your own discretion."
,Not Recommended,324080,21863615,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Machtri,Devs aren't having fun making a somewhat realistic dumbed down version of minecraft. I didn't have much fun playing. Don't buy if you got that hole in your pocket stitched up.
,Not Recommended,324080,15443137,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Supercat,Lags my pc to death cant even play like i wanted too :( so sad
,Not Recommended,324080,14686034,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Nezz,"Need to create a JIW-Games account to play the game, even in single player mode.  That's not indicated on the store page and it's a total show-stopper for me."
,Not Recommended,324080,24991347,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Darkmuninn,"It looked like fun, but looks can be decieving."
,Not Recommended,324080,29465172,Posted: 24 January,all,Cross,"It's not what they depicted, they need more screenshots showing actual gameplay instead of scenery. It's an early access game, and  has been for 2 years. I would not come even close to reccomending this game, if you want a good survival game; play rust."
76561198011602288,Not Recommended,324080,25059367,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,travish57,"First person view is difficult to get use to. You seem to be stuck in that view too.Interface is standard.Some how I ended up in a black and grey area and died. Not sure if it was night as there we no message .. just a game over once I died.Came up against a cat, nothing I did seemed to have an effect, died again.I want my money back."
76561198012807927,Not Recommended,324080,16771850,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,YingShuu,NO water 9/10 would not recommend.1+ because you can grill meat
,Not Recommended,324080,23802009,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TheShiroosh,"First time I've ever used the refund option. Boring AF, looking bad, not worth it."
,Not Recommended,324080,15591489,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,A Lemming,"I regret I bought this game.At first it was just the fact that I had to download a special version of Java to play it.Then it was the mediocre loading screen and menu graphics.Then it was the horrible in game fps and voxel system that lets you fall through the map while mining.And finally it was the boring, repetitive mountainous terrain with a much too limited veiwing distance.At least the trees and grass look nice."
76561198116309709,Recommended,324080,31637432,Posted: 8 May,all,Shpee,"Wtf is this, blockland with grass?"
,Not Recommended,324080,16921524,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Captain Levi Ackerman,Im only gonna sum this up short and straight forward. Biggest waste of my money ive ever downloaded. Nothing but lag i cant understand what i was even doing! cant connect to anything. kicked out of single player. crashes constantly. Not worth the money or even downloading. Hopefully it gets better. when it does ill tke this back.
76561197970934222,Not Recommended,324080,16868645,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gnomeisidle,Horrible and boring
76561198083833617,Not Recommended,324080,22185255,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ol' Rando,The game runs so slowly my fps stayed at 10 with graphics on high and low
76561198126171643,Not Recommended,324080,20736227,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Spooky tooth,"Pros: You can dig underground, that feature alone made me try the game.Cons: all other aspects of the gae need polish."
,Recommended,324080,28715204,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gimli,"Error: VJM Crash, Windows 7 (x64) 6.1  Java: 1.8.0_91 amd64 0.7.4_30  -H:2048 -D:1024  (Steam)AMD Phenom(tm) II X4 840 Processor, M4N68T-M-LE-V2, 4095 MB (954 MB Heap)ASUS EAH5770 Series 20091019000000.000000-000 8.670.0.0______________________________________________________________________Problematic frame: C  [atio6axx.dll+0x53813]Native frames: (J=compiled Java code, j=interpreted, Vv=VM code, C=native code)C  [atio6axx.dll+0x53813]C  [atio6axx.dll+0xcdb89]C  [atio6axx.dll+0xcadf6]C  [atio6axx.dll+0xc923f]C  [atio6axx.dll+0x6fb1fb]C  [atio6axx.dll+0x6c5bff]C  [atio6axx.dll+0x6c3d63]C  [atio6axx.dll+0x6c6b91]C  [atio6axx.dll+0x6be8fc]C  0x0000000003775c54Java frames: (J=compiled Java code, j=interpreted, Vv=VM code)j  org.lwjgl.opengl.EXTFramebufferObject.nglGenerateMipmapEXT(IJ)V+0J 3350 C1 com.jme3.renderer.opengl.GLRenderer.setFrameBuffer(Lcom/jme3/texture/FrameBuffer;)V (826 bytes)J 3461 C1 com.jme3.renderer.RenderManager.renderViewPort(Lcom/jme3/renderer/ViewPort;F)V (465 bytes)j  content.util.ClientUtils$GameUtils.getIcon(Lcontent/Game;Lcom/jme3/renderer/Camera;Lcom/jme3/scene/Node;)Lcom/jme3/texture/Texture;+169j  E.N.a(Lcommons/definitions/Plants$PlantDefinition;)Lcom/jme3/texture/Texture;+62j  E.N$a.<init>(LE/N;Lde/jiw/gui/core/Screen;SS)V+40j  E.N.a()V+107j  s.g.a()V+134J 3846 C1 s.h.update(F)V (872 bytes)J 3527 C1 com.jme3.app.state.AppStateManager.update(F)V (60 bytes)J 3758 C1 commons.JIWApplication.update()V (259 bytes)J 3757 C1 com.jme3.system.lwjgl.LwjglAbstractDisplay.runLoop()V (141 bytes)J 3755 C1 com.jme3.system.lwjgl.LwjglDisplay.runLoop()V (108 bytes)j  com.jme3.system.lwjgl.LwjglAbstractDisplay.run()V+136j  java.lang.Thread.run()V+11v  ~StubRoutines::call_stubHelp me i want to play :P"
,Recommended,324080,34785429,Posted: 6 September,all,Nosko,sputro spora
76561198157099279,Not Recommended,324080,15514374,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,baldinw,This game is boring and the progress is too slow...
76561198054702826,Not Recommended,324080,13441415,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,:),A rough version of every other voxel game... no updates ever
76561198215982224,Not Recommended,324080,21875449,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,BUNbun581007,If you have a mini mac it is so so sooooooooo laggy
,Not Recommended,324080,14411318,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Zach The Drifter,"Though this is early access i walked about 30 minutes built a house made alot of things But then i fell out of the world while digging and died. I couldnt find my house again wasted 40 minutes building and gathering supplies. as of right now it is fun but the bugs are just gamebreaking, in early access form it is not worth buying."
,Recommended,324080,33918566,Posted: 30 July,all,Zantiov,"I really like this game ! its 10 times better then minecraft. I hope there will be more items to craft.If you like minecraft, you would love this game"
,Not Recommended,324080,33459380,Posted: 11 July,all,poonareff,its not a good game and it forces you to make an account just to play it
76561198085236914,Not Recommended,324080,17309131,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,~TheCancerousMeme~,not a good game..
76561198012357343,Not Recommended,324080,25199310,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ace,"This game is not multiplayer friendly, might be good if you can be bothered forwarding all your ports, setting up ipv6 protocols or reprogramming your router & adding exceptions to your firewall. I recommend anyone anyone wanting to play co-op googles how to do it before purchasing."
,Not Recommended,324080,14548199,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Grey_Ghost87,"I had fun with this game . . . at first, then I started noticing it freezing and crashing whenever I wanted to use the menu interface to construct new things; then, it started crashing when I walked in certain areas of the map; finally, it started crashing for no reason after I built a castle. I uninstalled the game reinstalled the game, same issue was present. I created another world and the exact same thing happened in the exact same order: from the moment you start to build and craft your game is a ticking time bomb for a crash-fest. Please don't suggest it was my machine because I tried it on a different machine and the same results. I contacted Steam about a refund and they said ""no refund for early access games. Please contact the developer"" , so they can accept payment for this game, but they are not willing to back up their *clears throat*, I'm sorry they claimed it wasn't their's, this product! This game is bad, and is not where close to being finished. It constantly crashes on my Windows 7 and Windows 8 machine. Every time I purchase and early access game it is never finished and the company just runs off with your money! This is the dot com bubble all over again from the mid-90's. Early Access will be the death or severe injury to the PC gaming market if it is not already. It is lazy, make a quick buck, stab you in the back and throw you in the ditch and leave you for dead, bag over the head, punch in the face, rotten trick of a gimmick I have seen in years! . . . hallelujah!! Where is the Tylonel"
76561198003797419,Not Recommended,324080,24301267,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Jokestah,"Not sure why this game is getting such positive reviews. Perhaps you have to come from a Minecraft mindset to enjoy it and I'm not a Minecraft player by any means. I do however enjoy survival/Crafting games and this just didn't do it for me. I realize that this is Early Access and that it will change in the future. But the control, look, and general style of the game all worked against it. It really felt like a game you should be able to play in your internet browser instead of a stand alone game. The developers really have a long road ahead of them to polish it up.Just to give you an idea on how much I was let down. This is the first and only game as of this writing that I have ever asked for a refund for. Normally I'll buy a game and if I don't like it I just bite the bullet and can find at least some small diamond in the rough. The only thing I actually enjoyed was the fact that you could tunnel through a mountain. Other than that it was super bland to play. I won't say that I hated it because I feel that would be too harsh of a critique, but I really didn't enjoy myself in the time I played it. Some may say I should have put some more hours into it, but I don't think I could go that long."
,Not Recommended,324080,25230215,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Arakash,"Needs more work. I'm waiting!At the moment, this is just a sandbox game with a UI that looks like it was made in the 90's, confusing time period as both medieval and modern objects are available which, to me, breaks immersion."
,Not Recommended,324080,16195193,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Yoshiyahoo,this game sucks I dont likew it very much so add more things or something to make the experience better for everyone
76561198158433061,Not Recommended,324080,17130359,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Quantum,"Does anyone play it ?, servers are empty."
,Recommended,324080,29125932,Posted: 8 January,all,ULTB,Very good game except for lag
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,324080,34156807,Posted: 10 August,all,matt1184,Is this game finally ready to play?
76561198002731626,Not Recommended,324080,14060358,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ray.case,"This is not a game.  It is an alpha test of some cool graphics technology written in java.  That makes it like minecraft, right?"
76561198188405482,Not Recommended,324080,31905986,Posted: 22 May,all,Fläsh,Good if you like mining and building? starts to get borring after like 1 hour...
76561198041856810,Not Recommended,324080,14471503,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,grim reaper,cart connect to m8s this ip thik is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,324080,21439814,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ioannis Metaxas,Why are you looking in the negative reviews section? Just buy the bloody game!
,Not Recommended,324080,30952236,Posted: 4 April,all,Actionbot08,"Terrible gameplay... They spent more time on the graphics than the game itself. Do yourself a favor, stick to one of the MANY games that are already established of the same type."
,Not Recommended,324080,14069008,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,XxWalkerCollinsxX,"It wont load , help me????"
76561198033538834,Not Recommended,324080,26131471,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,mcjones2006,"I don't normal right reviews but it is getting ridiculous. Development has been going on for far too long. I am going to compare this game to a) Minecraft and b) Prison Architect.a) Minecraft, the only other game of this type I have played. It is very fun game to play, for just two weeks. After two weeks, the poor textures and the repetitive game play only give me migraines. So I went looking for a new game to scratch that itch and came across rising world. The game looked fantastic and empty. After months of development the only things that have come out are objects to fill these worlds, like animals, grass, snow, water, more textured building materials. These are great EASY things to add. The issue is that the game is not very playable and the development team doesn't seem to care.b) Prison Architect, another game that was released in its alpha stage. There are development teams out there that have a good idea, start a project and then abandon it after a making quick buck. I am not seeing that with JIW-games but I still fear that is what is going to happen. Prison Architect developer double eleven was able to but these fears to rest because they were able to release an update on a regular bases. They were every month as JIW, I hoped, would be every two months. The other thing is that with their update, you would want to start a new map to incorporate the new features of said update. Rising World's updates could destroy your old world and you would have to start over.What I have been waiting for (over a year now) are the changes that affect the landscape to be completed, over and done with. This way I don't have to start over. Or if I did have to start over then it would be to an enjoyable world. Which comes to the last thing I WANT to see FIXED, rendering performance. I start the game up every four or so months to check. The first thing I do is hit F2 and fly around a bit. What I see is that the world only renders half the horizon (about three biome blocks). Half of the half that is rendered renders only HALF of what should be there. It is missing the grass, water, BEARS and the things I build. That quarter also has holes where the biomes should meet. Until this game can render the 40 by 40 by 40 block cube I build I see no reason to play or buy it."
,Recommended,324080,25801698,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,HG_Rick,it's pretty good
,Not Recommended,324080,21983074,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SeekerShe,Minecraft with better graphics but worse gameplay.
76561198139453056,Not Recommended,324080,17437316,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Cable,HOW DO I REFUND THIS POOP SLOP!!!!
76561198159740213,Not Recommended,324080,15731095,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kris Morris,"I don't recommend buying and/or playing this game for numerious reasons. Reason 1; The graphics are terrible and thats when they are maxed out and when they are turned to low the textures of the structures or the work stations turn black which makes it harder to see around your buildings or area. Reason 2; I had many problems when loading the game, I had loads of ""Error"" codes popping up after the loading screen telling me I cannot access this game when I have the perfect the computer for it. Reason 3; I had a couple of problems with the audio (as I was able to play at some stages) automatically stopped whilst in game and refused to play when I tried to turn it back on. Reason 4; At one stage of the game, when I was playing on another server I managed to glitch through the entire world and I suddenly died. How does that work? It's a complete waste of money and time, I don't even know why I bought it."
,Not Recommended,324080,15970663,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Locklear,Interesting game...but it still feels to clunky :(I hope it improves.
76561198066106020,Not Recommended,324080,14585169,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,lemonkix,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing satan.11/10 would kill myself because of depression again.
,Not Recommended,324080,14586121,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Grimm Liberty,AVG didn't like it.It crashed my video drivers.Had to reboot to recover.First time ever with any game on STEAM for Both of these events.Uninstalled and won't look back.
,Not Recommended,324080,15800772,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Druseph,"This is your very own pay per virus, Just dump them 15$ for them to attempt to invade your privacy, No point in asking for support, cause they will just blame your PC, just an FYI current PC was built within the past year and is running top notch gear. When you make posts in the discussion page in steam the moderators for rising world immediately delete it. Seriously guys Dont buy this junk."
,Not Recommended,324080,15993405,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,CheeseBurgerMonster,too much lag
,Not Recommended,324080,13698619,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Neet Freak Ken,Pretty undeveloped.
76561198059691458,Not Recommended,324080,30372844,Posted: 7 March,all,MangoliciousBird,Holes everywhere in the map.
76561198219761968,Not Recommended,324080,15591044,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Adrawn,"3:17am : Finished downloading.3:18am : I entered the game.3:28am : Finally done with settings.3:29am : Started the game, charactor immediatly fell through the ground and fell straight down into the oblivion.3:30am : Clicked on reborn, the game quit itself.3:31am : Uninstall."
76561198002619447,Not Recommended,324080,32480180,Posted: 16 June,all,Borak,3 years and still early access :(  Enough said..uninstalled
,Not Recommended,324080,35048238,Posted: 18 September,all,Smoke Big,/shrug
76561197997255997,Recommended,324080,26072495,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mr.Nice,i like it
76561198154147648,Not Recommended,324080,29441618,Posted: 23 January,all,LuckySevenLucca,"This game had a lot of potential. I went into it expecting the best for a game that has been out for 3 years. Instead, I was greeted by glitchy graphics (I have video evidence) and horrible avatars. My friend had the same issues. Also, it is a clone of many survival sandboxes out there, but worse. There are less features in it overall. For example, theere are no mobs, and only 200 gatherable items. Compared to Minecraft's 400 or so items, and 36 mobs. Or Terraria, which has both of those values in the thousands. Maybe when this game becomes an actual release, and gets in the steam greenlight, I will come back to it. For now, I do not recommend the game, as it is eleven dollars for an incomplete mess."
,Not Recommended,324080,16978626,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Logor,its crap
,Not Recommended,324080,23992860,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,fatboy,"Poorly optimized, and very buggy... this game isn't very fun"
,Not Recommended,324080,14784578,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Unlimited,"Not a fun game what so ever. A failed attempt to remake the ever so popular Minecraft... buggy, horrid graphics, and bad gameplay. Don't waste your money"
,Not Recommended,324080,34221705,Posted: 13 August,all,Edjay,This game is bad actually and never updated
,Not Recommended,324080,25015756,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Stern,"If you want to get this game ask this zork_foxfire guy, he will hook you up and patrickstar will slap you or somthing (look at the comments for this review wtf)Dont get this game if you want a minecraft exsperience, its a building game right now, you can look.But right now at this moment dont get it its not worth the money (in my opinion, i also got it on sale)PS I think its zorks job to comment on every single negative review, i mean it just lookOh and Zork, i know its a early access game, so sure it might be good in a year or 2, but the EARLY ACCESS REVIEW tag shows it was from the past or at least in August of 2016PPS the player models and animations are ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious"
,Not Recommended,324080,21695184,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,░strangefour5░,autistic rust
,Not Recommended,324080,21865626,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,HeadShotIseeU,"After playing the game for a few hours and then quiting  for months I decided to long back on and play my saved game. What happen was I logged on and started falling through the ground until I died, I tried over and over again. 10/10 wasted my 4 hours of game play."
76561198160741124,Not Recommended,324080,17342825,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ThrowStyle,The game needs to be PVP and add more stuffs.
,Not Recommended,324080,17461047,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Jack Spicer,After 1 hour of gaming i found this game a rip off i dont say i dont like it it just dosent feel that well madei wold rate it a 3/10Witch is below my standardsno hard feelings     -Jack
,Not Recommended,324080,14060572,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,peggle only player,"Most autistic game I have ever played, wasted 20$ should not even be early access its not close to being finished you fall through the map after like 100 blocks and die creative doesnt work game is trash."
76561198045196720,Not Recommended,324080,14332565,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,onegreyhare,"Gee Thanks.Your game was opening fine for me until your last update, now i can't even get it to start.Won't open at all, even deleted it, downloaded again. Even went as fas as to reinstall Java ( again)Don't ask me what system i have, it is the SAME system that ran your cash-trap game just fine before you ""fixed"" it.Now ask me if i recommend this game...."
,Not Recommended,324080,13346097,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Angela,"Doesn't seem to have any content at all, I'd wait about a year before buying this."
76561198058176483,Not Recommended,324080,29473005,Posted: 24 January,all,OGM,Had Rising World for some time now and this update suppose to have introduced dungeons etc. No dungeons or underwater ruins etc.
,Recommended,324080,24736296,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Carl,Havent played this game since late 2014 10/10
76561198197477143,Not Recommended,324080,18085989,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,"'kaitlyn, 'xo,",not worth buying
76561198116304654,Not Recommended,324080,14026040,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Alexander,"I am a fan of survival games and I regret for buying this game!!!You can fly with Alt+F2, so everyone can just hit Alt+F2 and can move freely up, down, left, or right in the whole space, including beneath the surface.There is no challenge in this game, because you can cheat the game with Alt+F2, whenever you want."
76561198160956604,Not Recommended,324080,28953092,Posted: 2 January,all,Stormee25,"Had this game for almost 2 yrs and had great content from the beginning. Stopped playing when my game broke - all of a sudden I'm falling through the world and cannot walk on the ground anymore. Very annoying and I was unable to play. A lot of cool changes recently so I was excited to give it another try. I was sure after 1.5 yrs, they would have fixed the glitch where after, building a few items I start falling through the world again, but alas no. And now it's so laggy, I can hardly even walk, and that's with the graphics options on the lowest I can get. How bout a little game optimization guys! Not everyone can afford to go buy a new spiffy computer just to play a game. I love how pretty it is but I can't enjoy it if I can't move.Cannot recommend at this time unless you have an 8core."
,Not Recommended,324080,13775298,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,IsaacTWillis,Almost too laggy to move and my computer is pretty decent. I can run Portal 2 without lag.
76561198077425443,Recommended,324080,25704577,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ShrekWazowski,"10/10 couldnt run it but i loved the game, gave me cancer, but i embraced it 8=====D"
76561197998153188,Recommended,324080,35474994,Posted: 4 October,all,Born rebel,"Lovely game, sure it is early alpha so it is not perfect, But big potential.Me personaly prefer the multiplayer version, tho i would warn new players about a server named Serenity, they have a very abusive admin named Trouble who threatens players with bans to get access to their private discord messages, and according to her own words the server track their players IP to see if they play on other servers Wich according to her is forbidden and will get you banned."
,Not Recommended,324080,13457824,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Stefan,THIS GAME SUCKS YOU CANT EVEN PLAY IT I SPENT £11 ON NOTHING DONT BUY IT
,Not Recommended,324080,17699240,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ToxicSquirrelX,gameplay is worth at most 10$
76561198329588431,Not Recommended,324080,29528487,Posted: 27 January,all,dont read my name pls thankyou,well its a fun game from what i played but it keeps on freaking crashing! my computer meets the requirments of the game so i dont know why its doing that.
76561198121712216,Not Recommended,324080,18023762,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,kalango_boy,minecraft is better
76561197983336381,Not Recommended,324080,34357799,Posted: 19 August,all,jiggy,"Game does not work anymore forced to agree with eula or I can't play the games I paid for, getting really sick of all the changes with end of license agreements that seem shady there is allways a real reason for this humbug."
76561198088156171,Not Recommended,324080,31234622,Posted: 19 April,all,ooviss,Not worst money
,Not Recommended,324080,25015749,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Blatant Nonce,"For the first 10 minutes its good, because it made me laugh because of how awful it was, after that I wanted to go into my basement and hang myselfGr8 m8 I r8 8/1,000,000 (thats pretty bad)"
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,324080,22983046,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Layla,"infrequent updates, poor graphics very basic game and gameplay, dont waste your money, the dev/devs are clearly not passionate about updating the game."
76561198109712542,Not Recommended,324080,33144510,Posted: 2 July,all,TheHorsetoWater,absolute rubbish. barely anything to do.  A classic example of early access cash heist (E.A.C.H).
76561198023103280,Recommended,324080,14822376,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Tux,A Builders Dream.At this time this game has nothing other than building in it but it also has more building possibilities then any building game I can recall having ever seen.A mixture of options for modern world to medieval.It also has a generous 'cheats' possible so if all you want to do is build you can just dive in deep.Has multiplayer
76561198100744786,Not Recommended,324080,21106684,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Keizer Kuzco,Kut
,Not Recommended,324080,21410040,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,antentacion,This game gave me cancer
76561198164949420,Not Recommended,324080,21918569,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,jameshannan93,this game sucks
76561198122858425,Not Recommended,324080,29202364,Posted: 12 January,all,separovic,Broken and crashy java programming. Beware!
76561198198204009,Not Recommended,324080,26217971,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Q8-ExTreMe,Such a bad game
76561198211824751,Recommended,324080,34393737,Posted: 21 August,all,foneservicecornwall,"""AWSOME"" *****"
76561198127257157,Not Recommended,324080,28669528,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rigby,This game is shocking
76561198275915066,Not Recommended,324080,28673649,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Electric KoolAid,this game is absoulutley pathetic do not buy it unless you feel like wasting your money i have never played such an ugly game even codename cure looks better its building ideas are copies of minecraft and they still cant even get it right this is so pathetic im still astounded please dont buy ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Not Recommended,324080,34637443,Posted: 31 August,all,0fficial Dregs,"Do not buy this game, even if it's on sale. I played it for a little while and there are things wrong with this game. I do know it's in E.A., but still doesn't mean to have limited features and feel clunky."
,Not Recommended,324080,28803960,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,(Legi) The Fallen,Its terrible no fun evreything boring waste of money do not buy this
,Not Recommended,324080,17898368,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Crazykiller3578,no
76561198031656496,Not Recommended,324080,28962325,Posted: 2 January,all,[HFG] ¢LS¢ thestancis,This game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. I got so good built a house and then a new update! You would think that's good but it destroys my world! Waste of money but it's really fun when the game doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥ya off...
,Not Recommended,324080,32301005,Posted: 9 June,all,:-) champinj0n,oh man i love being disappointed
76561198131464634,Not Recommended,324080,31939675,Posted: 24 May,all,Kanelbullen hellcase.com,Idk what to say but this looks like roblox & minecraft mixed together! lol
76561198296787938,Not Recommended,324080,26178875,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Gauter a.k.a СП,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ецо
76561198199982377,Not Recommended,324080,25354604,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Moh95,bad
,Not Recommended,324080,31576889,Posted: 6 May,all,DaD,Probaly the worst game I ever played my advice leave it alone and buy something that is interesting
76561198246559678,Not Recommended,324080,25775832,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,LeeroyyJankens,This game is aweful
,Not Recommended,324080,24744964,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Panda,i don't like it right now bad animation
,Not Recommended,324080,13295060,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,gochu,"This game sucks. Don't buy it.Performance - Very very bad. Random 1 second hitches throughout.Graphics - Not enough to validate horrible performance.Gameplay - Disgusting.Save your $$, I wish I had."
,Not Recommended,324080,25853124,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Mogg,I wish I could refund this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,324080,29357910,Posted: 19 January,all,MrA,.
,Not Recommended,324080,13296881,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,theoyeo,It just goes when I press play? do you know whats rong?
,Not Recommended,324080,32054069,Posted: 29 May,all,Uniberg,"A very♥♥♥♥♥♥game and very♥♥♥♥♥♥sucking game..... Do I recommend this game, Oh Haill Nah!"
,Not Recommended,324080,30067963,Posted: 20 February,all,Bobby Watson,BAD:The gameGood:The refund button
,Not Recommended,324080,32192409,Posted: 4 June,all,Crassius,Valve took yoonity and tried to copy Minecraft again. I guess Terraria wasn't enough huh valve??
,Not Recommended,324080,29153997,Posted: 9 January,all,ROBERTASDF01,THIS IS TRASH
,Not Recommended,324080,24543534,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Steve,Garbage
,Not Recommended,324080,24528948,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Monkey King,no
76561198123264206,Not Recommended,324080,29909702,Posted: 13 February,all,Fexter,it sucks
76561198106832415,Recommended,324080,18269669,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,=║eG║= ™ Eleniel,I like the game itself but has many bugs and often lags and i have to restart my computer.
76561198189914091,Recommended,324080,18207291,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Morwic,Great game I just with they had more stuff to do and build in it.... some tech would be nice.
,Recommended,324080,18166108,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,wheatley12,it's a really great game it's based off of minecraft but it has it's own theme. it's spose to be a realistic which for the most part it is but if you mine down too far there's a hell. oh and it's reaally hard to gather resorces and build it's like 20 times harder then minecraft and its reeeeaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllyyy!!!!! gliitccy for the mac book pro one last thing it kind of has a sky rim feeling to it but i don't really play sky rim so how would i now if it is being glitcy try restarting your cumputer and trying it. it won't fix everything but it will make better one of my second favrite p2 still my favrite
76561197989587179,Recommended,324080,18151320,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,death cometh,this game is still very early alpha i look forwrd to seeing well it improves but i would recomend it bugs and all at this point
76561198054430083,Recommended,324080,18323211,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,BusterV,F*%#!ng bears... =/
76561198029978104,Recommended,324080,22128850,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,panter66666,"Great grafic, clean, A BEAUTIFUL MINECRAFT WITHOUT UGLY BOX."
76561198139100755,Recommended,324080,21883119,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,sera,"So far even in its unfinished state I love the game. Getting a copy for my BF,He'll love it :)"
76561198069482890,Recommended,324080,22209909,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,clockworknait,iTS GREAT! but wheres the water?!
76561198052551851,Recommended,324080,22167526,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,johnnytreadlightly,"I realy love this game but it won't let me play it because it's glitching out for me, but it's a wonderfull game."
76561198011514358,Recommended,324080,22749350,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Theodore J. Conrad,I have come here to chew bubblegum and place some blocks...and I'm all out of bubblegum.
76561198219613253,Recommended,324080,22870548,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Prime,"First of all, this game looks really good and it is but it requires a very good computer or laptop. I got this on my computer which wasn't the best experiance with  the  game. Later I got a new laptop that was much faster and it was very fun. A quick note with the game though is that theonly hard thing to get is an upgraded workbench and theres almost no point in going underground other than to waste your time. The graphics are amazing but if you have a bad computer putit on very low and please turn of the lens flares, because everytime you look at the sun you drop to 3 frames. Another thing is  the animals dont really move unlees you ar near them or they become hostile. I give this a positive rating because there was good effort put into this game but thats it out of my 8 hours of gamplay or something."
,Recommended,324080,22670536,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,F7 EnderGuy,The graphics in this game are amazing! I love this game because its so detailed in every way. This game is mainly a building survival game (like minecraft with better graphics). if you like minecraft get this game now!
76561198056055048,Recommended,324080,22586947,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,GamingLass2,"Never purchased or played an early access game until now. This game runs smoothly, looks beautiful, and oozes with possibility. I love the sounds and scenery. Can't wait for this game to progress. Building possibilities seem endless. Hunt, build, explore with friends, or alone.  I've played for about 33 hours now and learned a few things:-Do not try to pet tigers; they bite. GAME OVER-Do not try to hug a  bear; they bite. GAME OVER-Do not use the ESC key like a pause button; you starve. GAME OVER-Do not dig straight down; you might fall. GAME OVER-Do not leave base and then sleep in your tent, changing your spawn point on compass; you get lost, you try to ask Mr. Bear for directions. GAME OVER-Do not put meat on the grill and then go mining! MEAT BURNS-Do not eat said burned meat - OMG - THIRSTY!-AND Lastly...do not carry coveted ore detector around while exploring. You may get lost, ask Mr. Bear for directions, DIE and then respawn without precious ore detector.Bears=4Tigers=1Human=0"
76561198297902416,Recommended,324080,22540163,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,peacekeepergirl,"AMAZING!! Good-bye Minecraft! This game engulfs you in a beautiful world all your own. I love absolutely everything about Rising World and can't stop playing. I could go on and on, but you get the idea. 5 stars"
,Recommended,324080,22534131,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,FaRmErBoB1984,Awesome game! Kinda like minecraft but in more realistic settings. Love the open world gameplay.
,Recommended,324080,22601308,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mr Peanut,Great atmosphere and entertaining.  Definitely worth playing.
,Recommended,324080,22600261,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,goosey,Tons of potential. Can't wait to see what this becomes in the full version!
76561198021957397,Recommended,324080,22600276,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Chibi SheDevil,"Although early access, the game is a visually stunning voxel alternative to Minecraft.  The first thing I noticed when I started playing was how serene the world was (which is likely to change, if I've read correctly).   I'm exciting to see what future patches bring."
,Recommended,324080,21416719,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Spedunkle,"It's very much like minecraft with better graphics and way more building blocks, I've not palyed long but have enjoyed what I have played so far.(edited from previous review)"
,Recommended,324080,23563817,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,The Raven,"Fantastic game and concept. I love the building in it and it keeps getting better. Very customizable and you can use your own textures with a little trial and error.My wife and I built Lago, the town in High Plains Drifter. :)"
76561197979834900,Recommended,324080,23641716,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,[USEF]Rottom®,"Good, still in alpha a ton of potential. if you like Terraria/Minecraft, you are sure to enjoy this one takes the best components from both and it feels much more livley."
76561198174617338,Recommended,324080,23840036,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Algis,Very nice game. It's grown alot since it first came out. I think they should add a bit more features and put updates in a bit more
76561198283979845,Recommended,324080,22904446,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,SaintInTheWaste,Good game. Still a lot to fix but what open world game doesnt have bugs. Still waiting for the water weapons and clothes updates but there is still a lot to do even though i passed the 50 hr mark.
76561198080690038,Recommended,324080,23187702,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,poornickname,"I kind of like the idea of a more soft approach to the survival this game offers, but early access adopters beware: there be bugs!Pros:You are free to roam and build your own kingdom in the middle of the forest the way you see fit. No zombies or anything like that, just you and the local fauna.Relaxing, not a hardcore survival game.Devs areveryresponsive and willing to sort out your problems.Cons:Bugs, bugs and more bugs. Animals clipping through walls, light acts funny, etc.Linux version suffers more severe bugs due to some libraries used.Requires you to create yet another online account.There isn't really all that much to do at the moment other than to build enormous sandcastles to compensate for your personal shortcomings so unless you arereallyinto building stuff, the game might become boring after a while.Controls, when it comes to finetuning the building process to make something nice, are not exactly the most intuitive and sometimes it is incredibly frustrating to get the pieces snap together the way you want them to."
76561198035039004,Recommended,324080,23562961,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Atech66,With so many offerings out there in early release survival land I was looking for something playable and fun that was far enough along in development to really enjoyco-opThis game was a great find.. the Devs have managed to enhabit the world well enough to feel alive and its beautiful to look at.It offers a huge open world where you can really search for the right spot for you.learning/crafting is not frustrating at all and within a cpl of hours we found a location created some small shelters a camp fire and enough crafting tables to get us rolling.There is quite alot to create and do already as well as a promising future with heavy Dev / community involvmentIf you enjoy realistic environments and crafting from armor/weapons to housing and farming etc. etc. give this game a try you won't be sorry
76561198077264114,Recommended,324080,18328870,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,dun funo,OG game 10/10 not youtube bait
76561198036994018,Recommended,324080,29432107,Posted: 22 January,all,Kaskoril,Good game though needs more content.  The graphics are very nice and game play over all is really good.
76561198134717697,Recommended,324080,29454335,Posted: 23 January,all,The Glory In The Grey,Do Recommend but you should wait for a few more years till more things are added to the game but if you want it to mess around in it and watch it grow up then go ahead to buy
76561198052409898,Recommended,324080,29415306,Posted: 21 January,all,mcburress,I got my 15 dollars worth and more. blah blah blah steam length requirement blah blah bla blah blah.  The end.
,Not Recommended,324080,17745404,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Rawr ⚡,Painful to play
76561197983567418,Recommended,324080,31934469,Posted: 24 May,all,Nick Nitro,"I really enjoy the soothing qualities of this game, The game is quite enjoyable for me. The graphics are good, the sound is crisp and the buidling is easy. The only downside is that there is nothing much in the game to kill you right now other than the wildlife,  and falling into a sink hole.If you enjoy building in a quiet wilderness and exploring caves, then this game is for you. One is able to build in quite serious detail, adding trim and framework. However, the grind is quite real when you need materials.I recomend this game in its current state, and can see it developing into a really nice game."
76561198133627731,Recommended,324080,31928259,Posted: 23 May,all,james007,I love this game the only problem I had was the grass it was so tall it got anoying mabye add some shorter grass
76561198039354962,Recommended,324080,31605223,Posted: 7 May,all,Tigergeist7,"Love this game, its probbably the only game Ive ever played were I felt I was being productive in real life. I feel like I am learning real life things, that I can apply in life."
