user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198016113064,Recommended,324160,32053556,Posted: 29 May,all,Freakohollik,"When I first looked at this game, I thought ""Typical anime high school girl nonsense"". How wrong I was. What I found was far and away the most engaging and heartfelt story I have ever experienced. I absolutely love Clannad and cannot recommend it highly enough.Clannad is a visual novel originally released in Japan in 2004. Voices were added in a 2008 rerelease. In 2015 it was given an official English release. It is regarded by the visual novel community as a paragon of the genre and one of the greatest ever.Clannad has several different plotlines which can be read in almost any order. These plotlines are mostly love stories. The content and quality of these are what make Clannad a legend. Rather than pander to sexual fantasies, Clannad's stories aim straight at the reader's heart. Some of these hit really close to home for me. At multiple points, I had to stop reading for a few minutes to collect myself before I could continue. Some were so good that I had to go back and reread them again just a couple of days later.If you complete Clannad, you will cry at least once. Accept this going in. If someone tells you they completed it without crying, they're a liar.If you're still on the fence, then consider that I was once in your position. I was unsure of if I should even give this game a shot. I took the chance based on word of mouth. Now here I am gushing over it. One of the best works of fiction I have ever experienced."
,Recommended,324160,19245068,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,BlazePh,Click start.Music begins playing.Already out of tissues.10/10
,Recommended,324160,19608833,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,El Denty,Onion Cutting Simulator 2015
,Recommended,324160,26857958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keiser,"The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award is MADE for this game"
,Recommended,324160,23805361,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ブッブーですわー,How do you play Clannad without crying?You don't.
,Recommended,324160,19239183,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Grumbling al,"Dango, dango, dango, dango, dango, daikazoku~"
,Recommended,324160,23896599,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ヤリック Miyoff,>Start Clannad>Hear the music>Cry
,Recommended,324160,23472277,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,kuroneko 420,"For users concerned with the official translationI've played the Japanese version with the unofficial fan translation before this release. The official translation is spot on, they left the slang as it is and let Dangopedia do the explanation if you don't understand the slang.In other words, Sekai Project did a great job in translating."
,Recommended,324160,23370757,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,-Hyper-🎂,Doctor asked me why I was dehydrated.
,Recommended,324160,19244566,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,FallenSi,"I said the 50 tissues in front of my computer was from masturbation, but it was in fact tears from playing this VN.10/10 would punch a wall to feel manly again(I finished the fan translated version before)"
76561198113747262,Recommended,324160,23228736,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Minnie,"First off, don't let my hours fool you. I've completed the game using the pirated version because I did not want to spend $60 AUD on something I might not like. But after finishing, I immediately bought it from steam at full price without any hesistation. This goes to show how much I love this game.Plot-wise, this is a romance game and is split into 2 sections: a school arc and an after story (AS) arc. I'm not gonna say anymore because that's for you to explore if you decide to give this game a try :). But be warned, the feels train has no break once it starts and you'll be crying your eyeballs out throughout the entire journey.Graphics-wise, the art style might not suit everyone. I was taken aback at first but got used to it eventually. If you're like me, please stay with it. Don't let this stop you from playing.Gameplay-wise, all you have to do is read and choose options. That's it. Be ready to read A LOT though. I remember reading someone's comment saying that the amount of words in this game is more than the entire Lord Of The Rings trilogy!Sound-wise, this game has some of the most memorable, beautiful soundtracks I've ever heard. I've begun taking piano lessons just to play some of these tracks.Length-wise, this game is very long. I think it took me more than 150 hours to complete all the major paths and reach the true ending yet there are still some hidden paths and hidden dialogues waiting for me.Overall, I don't consider this a game. I consider it an experience. A life lesson about friends and family. This game literally changes my outlook on life. I've been gaming for more than 10 years yet never have I ever cried while playing but man this game managed to do that.My only gripe with the game is that it's so hard to unlock AS and reach the true ending. It's practically impossible to complete this game without a guide (for me anyway). There are many guides floating around the internet which you can freely look at. I used these 2(http://soukyuu.emevas.net/CLANNAD_guide.html)and(https://www.gamefaqs.com/pc/921463-clannad/faqs/61132). They aren't mine btw. All credit (and my thanks) goes to respective authors.And that's it! I hope my review helps you decide. I sincerely hope that you'll give this game a try since I think it's something everyone should experience at least once in their life.P.S. As you may know there is an anime adaption. The anime is really good however imo it's nowhere near as emotional as the VN. Therefore if this is your first time experiencing Clannad, I'd strongly recommend the VN. If you don't have the luxury of time then the anime would have to do."
,Recommended,324160,19578244,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,nick,"Don't let the expensive price haunt you. Though $50 is a lot of money for game, much less a visual novel, it is definitely worth it. Clannad is one of the greatest visual novels of all time. If it helps you, go see the anime if will help make up your mind wether this is worth the buy (anime only covers one route).Plot - 5/5 The plot can be slow as sometimes one single day in the visual novel can take half an hour or more to finish. But it is worth it, as it has an amazing plot. Especially After Story. Anyways, the visual novel has many routes, and if you've watched the anime, basically every girl has a route of her own. There are also some other routes other than the waifu routes. There is also unlocking After Story, which takes a lot of time. So this visual novel isn't a quick 3-10 hours - it will probably take over 100 if you want to finish all routes and clear the game. You will also get many choices throughout, not leaving you to just watch without actually doing anything. Many choices are important, and can sometimes lock you into certain routes.Art - 4/5 Some may not like Clannad's unique artstyle. At first I was unsure but quickly got used to the interesting artsyle. Sekai Project also did a great job of improving the quality of the overall game. Backgrounds are great, as they actually include people in them and there is some variety to some backgrounds. (e.g classroom has a few backgrounds depending on the time of day)Sound - 5/5 The soundtrack for Clannad is amazing. Each song can easily fit the mood and current scenario. It is also a pleasure to listen to. It was also a nice bonus for Sekai Project to get the original voice actors from the anime (excluding Tomoya).Characters - 4/5 Each character gets their own moment to shine. Almost all characters have a route, and each character has a unique personality. Most are very likeable as well.Overall - 5/5Get this game if you are a fan of Clannad, or if you want a nice visual novel to play. Highly recommend. If you are not able to get it at the price it is at, it is definitley worth getting the game on sale."
,Recommended,324160,19740434,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Allelujah,"Id like to preface this review by saying I maybe a tad bit bias in this as I absolutely love Clannad, I have the Manga, the Blurays, the 10th anniversary art book and even a boxed copy of this VN, so yeah just keep that in mind while reading this ;)Now, I have been waiting for a long time to get an official English release of this VN and my patience has finally been rewarded, though Clannad has a high price tag I hope in the following words I can convince you that it is worth every cent, for Clannad is much more than a simple story you grow attached to every character, and with the huge amount of choices there is so much replayability; anyway lets get started shall we.......In my humble opinion Clannad is the best representation of life, friendships, love and loss. It shows purpose, fulfillment and satisfaction can be attained and at the same time it teaches people that the most unexpected things can sometimes come from the most unexpected person. It will show just how far an ordinary man will go just to help his friends and family.Clannad has many different arcs that are just as good as the last, the choices you make throughout Clannad can alter your entire experience, it has a beautiful story and many touching moments, those who are looking for drama, romance and slice of life genre look no further for Clannad is exactly what you are looking for.What truly sets Clannad apart from other visual novels is its clear representation of emotions. I would highly recommend this VN to anyone, it is well worth the money and has a very enjoyable story, it has excellently designed characters which are so incredibly believable; specifically with their personalities, as you keep reading the VN you will notice changes with each character, and you will come to love each and every one of them.Overall to be honest this VN is a must own, I believe that most people will be able to relate greatly with Clannad.I hope that this review has helped you in your decision in getting this VN and I hope you will enjoy the whole experience as much as I have; there is also a second VN that you should check out if you enjoy this one that beingClannad Side StoriesI have also done a review on it if you wish to read my thoughts on it.I will finish by saying; Clannd is not only my favorite thing on steam but the anime adaptation is my favorite anime of all time, if you are so inclined I'd recommend you go check that out too; happy reading :3(Like all my reviews I do not put a score as it is my belief that games like all forms of art are subjective and therefore it is impossible to afix a number to them)"
76561198218141715,Recommended,324160,20943626,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Terr0rByte1,"*SPOILER FREE REVIEW*I barely know where to start with this one, but I guess it should begin with this: if you're looking for a romantic, emotional rollercoaster that goes beyond everything you expected and leaves you exhausted but hugely satisfied, buy this visual novel.  And if you're put off by the price, let me explain to you why it's totally justified.Oh, and by the way, if you haven't seen the anime, you can play this game and still understand everything, so don't worry.  If you've seen the anime, you'll only fall even further in love with the characters and the struggles each one goes through.  I saw the anime first and found it very touching, but even having seen it, this visual novel totally blew that experience away and gave me a million new reasons to love Clannad.What I love about this visual novel is that you can play it both casually and seriously; if you're just interested in dating a bunch of different girls and unlocking the funniest achievements, you can do that.  It has some seriously hilarious moments and hidden bonuses that are great on a casual level without you needing to get bogged down with the emotional baggage of the story if you really don't want to.  However, if you want to throw yourself in at the deep end and experience everything, you are going to be there for a LONG time.There is SO much content in this visual novel to keep you replaying and replaying to get every CG, every hidden scene, every possible outcome, every piece of music...  it's almost endless.  Unlocking every achievement and completing the full game's true ending requires a HUGE amount of work; you'll need to play through every route until you unlock what is basically a second visual novel on top of what you just played - and then play that a few times, making little changes at the right moments to unlock that incredible ending you've been searching for.  It may sound off-putting to have to do so much, but believe me, it's worth it.  I won't expand fully for spoiler reasons, but the second you lose your heart to this story... you will not rest until you've brought happiness to that girl.  You will tell yourself that getting an okay ending is satisfactory enough and that you've played it enough times now to leave it alone...  but you'll keep coming back.I cannot fully tell you how personally invested in the story I became, and how every time I loaded up the game, I convinced myself that I had to keep going until I found the solution to gain that ending.  I actually felt responsible.  I must have clicked over a million times and I lost count of how many times I cried, but by the time I was finally finished, I felt so happily exhausted and strangely vindicated as a human being.  'It's just a game', they always say, 'it has no bearing on real life'.  But I don't think I need to convince most of you guys that games are one of the greatest mediums for life lessons and inspiring moments that make you change your view on life, and Clannad does that.  Clannad made me realise how much I want to help people.  It made me realise that you should never give up on anything, no matter how hard it gets.  When you play this visual novel, you will feel such a yearning in yourself to make the bitterness in yourself and the people you love go away...  and you'll have the power to do it.  I know all of this will probably sound like wanky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to some of you, but I just can't articulate how deeply Clannad moved me as a person.In closing, Clannad is brilliant on many levels, and if you think you can handle the feels, you should dive headfirst into it right now.  You will cry, and you will feel spiritually exhausted...  but in the end, you'll have experienced a world in which you can be the miracle somebody needs...  and have a miracle granted for yourself in return.Soaring music.  Perfect visuals.  Spot-on translation.  Natural pacing.  Unbelievable replayability.  Engaging story.  A visual novel that goes beyond romance and dating, and touches the very core of you...  what are you waiting for?10/10, would cry again."
,Recommended,324160,32650318,Posted: 22 June,all,Sinister,"10/10 made me cry like a little girl, totally worth it"
,Recommended,324160,30941537,Posted: 4 April,all,Fish,"Dango, dango, dango, dangoDango, dango, daikazokuDango, dango, dango, dangoDango, daikazoku"
,Recommended,324160,32319254,Posted: 10 June,all,Abbud,"Clannad...Every time I tell someone to watch the anime or play this game they always experience the same sensation of doubt, of hesitation. Well, I felt the same but I gave in to temptation and I thank God I did because this is the most beautiful work of art I've ever seen and I'm pretty sure nothing will ever reach this level of beauty.Do I need to say more?"
76561198081283282,Recommended,324160,19362457,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,冷静,"One of the best galgames in history.change my life / 10.You dont need to know anything and just click the start botton for a travel of a life.There is a common japanese comment on CLANNAD -- “CLANNADは人生(CLANNAD is life)”.Which means CLANNAD give you another feel of life.This game have a lot of routes and you really need time to finish it.With all finished and all dialogue listened, maybe about 80-100 hours no repeated experience.So it is very worth the price, (if you think just a visual novel cost too much you are wrong).BTW, the game need you finish every routes in school chapter to unlock the ""after story"".And the after story is the best in the game so dont end before finish it.And the Developer KEY is very famous with Kanon, Air, Little Busters etc.They even have a game about one of CLANNAD heroine Sakagami Tomoyo named ""tomoyo after"".Also these are two animes from the game named ""CLANNAD"" and ""CLANNAD after story"".I think you can find it easy for digital and blue-ray box version.At last, thank to KEY/Visual Arts for such a excellent game to player.Also thank to Sekai Project to make a english steam HD version of it(though i have finished it for many years on multi platform in japanese)."
76561198021463031,Recommended,324160,19269183,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,OuchThatHurt,Cry simulator 2015.11/10 would ride the feels train again to Salt lake city
76561198129685655,Recommended,324160,23393906,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,[HTT] Zoot,"Has to be one of the most story rich and very enjoyable visual novels currently on Steam.Or rather, one of the best visual novels ever. (It is a fine gem of its own!)If you've seen the anime counterpart, and wanted more, well this visual novelwill notlet you down.(The VN is where it all started of course!)A lot of story arcs, jokes, and other little bits of plot from the VN are not shown in the anime.So there will be lots of new unseen content for those who've thought""Why would I need to buy this, when I've already seen the anime?""The artwork may seem questionable. But give it a chance!Clannad is wonderful, and I do mean it. It truly is an unforgettable experience!Also prepare your ticket for the feels train! Choo! Choo! Beware of bowls of onions too!"
76561198075926039,Recommended,324160,24036202,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,F1r3_3l173,"Before playing this game, i go through a checklist:10x Tissue Boxes ☑3x Water Bottles  ☑2x Spare Hearts  ☑2x Spare Pants  ☑Another 10x Tissue Boxes  ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑What's this now?YOU RAN OUT OF TISSUES?I'd better prepare for another tsunami.This game is insane, i made my local grocery store run out of tissues."
76561198158733256,Recommended,324160,30303354,Posted: 3 March,all,isi_tb,"This is my first review here on Steam. And I am writing this because this games has surprised me like no other game has done before.First of all I cannot really explain why I bought this game in the first place. I am no fan of mangas, I have never played a visual novel before and I am not sure I have spent as much money on a game before here on Steam. I think it was the many positive reviews that made me buy Clannad and a curiosity of how I would like a visual novel game.Well, that money was well invested! Clannad managed to conquer the number one spot of my most favourite games which had forever belonged to Mass Effect 2.The stories are so well written, the characters so funny and/or cute, all with their pros and cons. The game keeps getting better with each story because the more of the scenarios you play the better you get to know the different characters and the funnier some scenes are since you understand certain things better.A lot of people in other reviews stated that they started crying at various points in the game when they reached particularly sad parts of stories. When I read that I thought this could never happen to me because I had never cried when reading before. But I have to admit there were indeed a few scenes in the game where I fought really hard to keep my tears back, the stories were just so heart touching and emotional. I find it even more important though to mention that the moments when I laughed out loud far outweighed those sad moments. There are so many hilarious moments I find it hard to believe. I can definitely say that I have never laughed more in any other computer game before.I am simply glad I bought this game. It gave me many, many hours of enjoyment. And in 2 or 3 years when I start forgetting the details of the stories I can well imagine going back to this game and reading some of the favourite stories again."
,Recommended,324160,20501173,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,dpunk3,"Do you like love stories?Do you like tragedies?Do you like realizing you have absolutely no control over your emotions, as a train derails right into your heart?If you prefer the latter, this game is your cup of tea."
76561198032048877,Recommended,324160,23327939,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,w4512783,need Rewrite and Little Busters on Steam :P
76561198100957422,Recommended,324160,22905144,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,TriSuRen,"I sorta bought this on a whim, seeing as how it was on sale, and how I've heard how sad the Anime was. (Not knowing how it was actually a Visual Novel first) That being said, if I had known the value it actually possesses, I would not have hesitated to purchase it at full price.The Artistic Style for the characters put me off at first, however I ended up getting used to them as I became more engrossed in the story. Eventually getting to the point where I see nothing wrong with them at all, perhaps I have become attached in a way.The Soundtrack for the game is very powerful, amplifying the situation whatever the mood; Joyous Banter, Deep Sorrow, Genuine Happiness.If you open your heart to the Story of Clannad it will definitely provide you with an unforgettable experience; and perhaps even a change of perspective in certain things in life."
76561197970465195,Recommended,324160,19275712,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Elysia,"Clannad tells a beautiful and expertly crafted story of love, loss, friendship and family.By turns both heart-warming and heart-breaking, almost everyone will find at least one tale here to which they can directly relate - one reason why so many experience a strong emotional response.Truly a masterpiece of the genre."
,Recommended,324160,29617641,Posted: 31 January,all,ks_,"More than 100 hours of ""dat feel"""
,Recommended,324160,22933905,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,xub313,Clannad is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,324160,24551465,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Misericordia,"★ 　　★ ° ☾ ☆ ¸. ¸ 　★　 :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　.　　¸ .　　 ° 　¸. * ● ¸ .　...Somewhere　° ☾ ° 　¸. ● ¸ .　　★　° :.　 . • ° 　 .　 *　:.　.　¸ . ● ¸ 　　　★　　★☾ °★ . 　　　　.　 °☆ 　. ● ¸ .　　　★　° .　 • ○ ° ★　 .　　　　　　　*　.　 ☾ ° 　¸. ... in this game...* ● ¸ 　　　　° ☾ °☆ 　. * ¸.　　　★　★ ° . .　　　　.　☾ °☆ 　. * ● ¸ .　　　★　° :.　 . • ○ °★　 .　 *　.　　　　　　. 　 ° 　. ● .　　　　° ☾ °☆ 　¸.● .  right now...　　★　　★ ° ☾ ☆ ¸. ¸ 　★　 :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　.　　¸ .　　 ° 　¸. * ● ¸ .　...some player....　　　° ☾　★ ° . .　　　　.　☾ °☆ 　. * ● ¸ .　　　★　° :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　　　　　　. 　 ° 　. ● .　　　　° ☾ °☆ 　¸.● .　　★　　★ ° ☾ ☆ ¸. ¸ 　★　 :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　.　　¸ .　　 ° 　¸. * ● ¸ .　　　　° ☾ ° 　¸. ● ¸ .　　★　° :.　 . • ° 　 .　 *　:.　.　¸ . ● ¸ 　　　★　　★☾ °★ . 　　★ ° . .　　　　.　☾ °☆ 　. * ● ¸ .　　　★　° :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　　　　...pulls out a handkerchief ...　. 　 ° 　. ● .　　　　° ☾ °☆ 　¸.● .　　★　　★ ° ☾ ☆ ¸. ¸ 　★　 :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　.　　¸ .　　 ° 　¸. * ● ¸ .　　　　° ☾ ° 　¸. ● ¸ .　　★　° :.　 . • ° 　 .　 *　:.　..  begins to cry ... °☆ 　. * ● ¸ .　　　★　° :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　　　　　. 　 ° 　. ● .　　　　° ☾ °☆ 　¸.● .　　★　　★ ° ☾ ☆ ¸. ¸ 　★　 :.　 . • ○ ° ★　 .　 *　.　.　　¸ .　　 ° 　¸. * ● ¸ .　...""СLAAANNAAAADDD BEEST GAAMME EVERRR""...° ☾ ° 　¸. ● ¸ .　★　° :.　 . • ° 　 .　 *　:.　.　¸ . ● ¸ 　　　★　　★☾ °★ . 　　★ ° ."
76561198024317611,Recommended,324160,22805282,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,genericangst,"I bought this because it was on sale and I heard it was great.It's worth even full price.I'm not the type of person to cry during games, but I cried during every single scenario in this. The game knows exactly how to manipulate your emotions, and it felt absolutely great. If you like visual novels or well written romance stories, don't hestiate to buy this."
,Recommended,324160,27003513,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,arleas,"This is one of those games that you think won't possibly be all that great but at the same time you HAVE to have heard people raving about it so there has to be something about it that's great right?The first thing most people would say is ""it's a visual novel.  If I wanted to read I'd pick up a book (LOL)"" but really, there's more of a choose your own adventure aspect to it rather than merely reading a book from start to fiinish.  The second thing people would say is ""I saw the anime so there's no real need to play this"".  Maybe (sniff) Maybe.... but seeing the anime and knowing the story doesn't diminish the story in any way...in fact it may make it even better since you'll already have a fondness for a certain character and will want to do everything in your power to run through that character's path first.If you HAVEN'T seen the anime, this is what you youngsters would call ""a feels trip"".  You tough types will want to play this with the doors closed so nobody sees you well up with tears in your eyes near the end.  Just tell them you're fapping and that's why you locked the door (sob).It's a story that's got a little of everything in it.  Love, Friendship, Comedy, Tragedy, Struggle, Pain, Success? Only you can tell in the end...Even now I hear the theme song playing in the video on the store page and get a lump in my throat for various reasons.What? No... shut up... I stubbed my toe on the table walking in here... I'm fine.  Leave me alone, I'm trying to review a game in here.Sheesh...people.Anyway, so the high points:It has a really great storyThere are multiple paths so unlike the anime, you have to focus on one and play it through to the endBut you'll WANT to play it again...there's a benefit to doing so beside merely seeing the other paths.The music is pretty emotional...even that stupid だんご大家族 big dango family song. It adds a lotAll the original voices are in this game so if you've seen the anime you'll feel right at home and if not it'll feel just like the game when you do go see it.low points:Playing the game consists of reading and occasionally choosing something for the main character to do.  If you're looking for a real adrenaline rush then this isn't itMaybe in places it's a bit TOO emotional but it's still worth it.That's it.. there's way more good than bad, and the bad isn't so much bad as it is just not socially acceptable for a guy to feel emotional about stuff like this.  But you know what? ♥♥♥♥ it... I voted this for the ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award and that's how it is.   If anything other than this wins that award, it's because they've never played this game."
,Recommended,324160,19396195,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,rexguardian,"Rating: 10/10This game made me shed a single tear. It was the first time I've ever shed a tear over a video game.Anyways, I now see why Clannad is so highly regarded. This is truly a great game. It was worth every penny I paid for it."
,Recommended,324160,21500585,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,atro city,"After going through this game, I can guarantee two things:1. Clannad will make you laugh2, Clannad will make you cryThe second point is why this visual novel is so legendary. Clannad won't just make you cry, it'll make you bawl your eyes out and sob uncontrollably. It's the hardest I've cried in 10 years. But it may take a long time to get to that point because for the most part Clannad is a lighthearted and genuinely funny VN. It's a game that you have to allow time to tell its story and enjoy it along the way.Clannad is structured into two parts: the main story, and After Story, which is unlocked after completing the character routes in the main story. The main story is similar to a dating sim, but just saying it's a dating sim is like saying baseball is a game where you hit a ball. It goes far beyond just romance and touches on themes like loss, family, nostalgia, change and the cycle of life. Each female character has her own unique route that is the length of a visual novel by itself. This allows for exploration of each character's personality and struggles and touches on a theme unique to that character. In that way, Clannad's main story is much like a box of chocolates, each one to be savored in their own way. Some routes are very lighthearted throughout and only have a bit of sadness at the end, while others will completely rip your soul out. It's a very cathartic experience overall.My only real gripe with the game other than having a few parts that felt dull is that some of the routes are a bit too well hidden and tough to get on your own. This makes getting to After Story, and especially its true ending, difficult and frustrating unless you consult a guide. It's a real shame because After Story is not just something that was tacked on, it's the completion of the game and the telling of its most powerful message. You'd be doing yourself a great disservice by not seeing this story to the very end. So don't feel bad if you have to use a guide, I know I had to.One more note: this VN has an excellent soundtrack, each theme perfectly conveying the emotions they're going for. By the time you finish, Nagisa's theme (Dango Daikazoku) will move you to tears when you hear it because of the overall connection you have with this character and Clannad in general.TL;DR - Clannad will make you feel alive. There's a very good reason why this VN is so highly-ranked and has a dedicated cult following despite being over a decade old. When people say Clannad can be a life-changing experience, they're not kidding. It's that powerful."
,Recommended,324160,21993988,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Black Heart Goddess,"When I saw that Sekai Project and Key would release Clannad for Steam, I was excited. I had played it before, but, only a few hours or so (the not so good fan translation).Undoubtedly, this is Key's best visual novel. It will have you laughing, crying, and thinking about things, especially relationships and the way people behave.Its a very long VN, so, it is well worth the money that it demands. I have played many hours as you can see, and I have only finished one or two routes. Its up there in length alongside classics such as The Fruit of Grisaia.Its fantastic that it has been upgraded to HD graphics, the translation is much better, and the inclusion of the Dangopedia is another great feature, along with achievements.This classic VN needed a facelift, and Sekai Project have done a good job with it. Thanks to them (and Key), more people can now experience it for themselves."
76561197977401490,Recommended,324160,26051789,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,COBRA,I choke up just seeing the Title in my library.
,Recommended,324160,32434754,Posted: 15 June,all,harunaTAKrapopo (hallfwayToDR3),"Just on a whim i write this review, finished it like 1 year ago.i first know clannad by watching the anime, because my friends told me it is good and sad, you will definitely cry! Well, i watched it the 1st season and my opinion was 'it is not sad at all, you lie?'. Then they told me 'lul, watch the 2nd season'. And well, i was ambushed by ninja cutting giant onion...then, because i was too pleb and too cheapstake to not have CC to buy the VN. I downloaded it lul. But, when it came to steam, Not even wait for the summer sale i bought it10/10 ask for forgiveness because past me pirated this game10/10 will cry again"
76561198057461301,Recommended,324160,19283475,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Sanji Sanada,Everyone should experience Clannad and After Story at least once in their life. Truly an unforgettable journey.
,Recommended,324160,19244993,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Cool Doge,"i cri evrytiem ;_;It's definitely worth getting the VN if you enjoyed the anime, as the story in the VN is much more detailed. It took me 1.5 hours just to get through the timeline covered in the first episode of the show, and I'm a fast reader. The show only covers about 20% of what is told here, and that's if you choose to follow Nagisa's storyline instead of an alterantive storyline with another character. To give you an idea on how much content was cut out, the events covered in the first episode of the show happened across three days in the VN instead of one day in the anime. There are many other untold tales and small intermediate events that are not included in the show, thus it's definitely worth looking into."
76561198113300023,Recommended,324160,27087964,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A Typical Weeaboo,"It feels as though the ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award was specifically created for Clannad.I spend more money on tissues than on this game. :3"
,Recommended,324160,19331563,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Marina \('¬',"The anime adaptation of this game had such an impact on my outlook on life that sometimes it is the root cause when I have a panic attack. This game/anime explores subjects that aren't comfortable to talk about - and even less comfortable to experience.That said, I would consider this a must-buy to anyone that is interested in an engaging story and is ready to go through a few dozen boxes of tissues. Please, PLEASE do not judge it for its art style. One of the first questions I asked myself when I first started watchihg the (much more polished) anime is ""what the hell is wrong with their eyes?"" but after a few episodes it wasn't even an afterthought."
,Recommended,324160,19572174,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,「Dango」,Literally one of the very first animes I've watched.Now I'm playing the game for the first time.This can't get any better.
76561198078193151,Recommended,324160,31212827,Posted: 17 April,all,Pandachibikinz,"The feels hitting so goddddddamn hard!dis onion cutting simulator.12/10The "" I'm not crying, There's something in my eye """
76561198093159027,Recommended,324160,31012222,Posted: 8 April,all,AngelValentine,Started the game heard the sountrack cried and closed it....10/10 beautiful game
,Recommended,324160,23906828,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ImProbablyEnlightened,"I watched the anime and a friend told me that the visual novel was on Steam. There is so much in this visual novel that was just totally skipped over in the anime. The art style may seem wierd, with some of the characters looking like cockroaches or having air vents in their head, but once you get past that the story is pretty amazing and a pretty relatable main character.I highly recommend this game to anybody that enjoys anime, manga, and other Japanese media. However, I recommend that anybody who sees anime in a bad light (which is a lot of people) to stay away from this game, because they will probably be creeped out and see this as some weird japanese dating game. Not to say it isn't."
,Recommended,324160,24817155,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ye Olde Hardscoper,I've talked to more girls in Clannad than I have IRL.10/10
,Recommended,324160,20323692,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Slashersz,I didn't cry but I swear there were damn ninjas cutting onions somewhere while I was playing this game.11/10
76561198085941437,Recommended,324160,34118873,Posted: 8 August,all,sawanoguchi,"CLANNAD - Crowing achievement of anime VNsPros+ The banter between the main character and the comic relief had me rolling on the floor laughing many times.+ What other game gives you a level up for playing pranks?+ The ending for Kotomi...let's just say you should get a box of tissues and have it on hand. You WILL cry.+ The ending for Fuyabashi Kyou...2,000,000 out of 10 male otaku agree that this is the best ending to CLANNAD.+ SANAE, DAIS'KI!!! (The Japanese voice acting is awesome in this VN.)Cons- The CLANNAD OST will still cost you $53 as an import CD on Ebay. (""Mag Mell"" refers to the Celtic Plains of Joy, BTW.)- I feel SO sorry for Tomoyo in the sequel to CLANNAD (Tomoyo After). I understand her feelings, but still....- The main character should ""man up"" and help Nagisa make her entry in the Founder's Festival so powerful thatthe Drama Club stays a part of the school forever!-  Yeah, the game takes place in high school. I never liked high school much, but this VN allowed me the chance to make a few precious memories (sort of).Score of reviewers for this VN as of 08/09/2017: 1,175 positive, 21 negative.For those that had trouble with math in high school (like the main character in CLANNAD), that is a98.32 percent approval rating for over one thousand reviewers!"
,Recommended,324160,19643718,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zuhna,Got through all endings and got all achievements. Took me 103 hours. 103 hours for 50usd is a lots of playtime. This game has huge emotional impact in its storyline. There are lots of routes to go through with all of them having alternate choises that affect things.Highly recommended for people who are not scared of reading.
,Recommended,324160,19242313,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Yureina,"Warning: Disliking this game (and this review) is punishable by death.Methods of execution include being kicked out of a tall building by Tomoyo, being forced to listen to Kotomi playing the violin until your head explodes, run over by Kyou's scooter, and eating nothing but Sanae's bread for the rest of your life. However, if you do not wish to die, you can instead be allowed to live and make a happy life for yourself. But instead of execution, your punishment will be to have your happy life collapse around you, with you being forced to watch those you love and care for most die before your eyes without being able to do anything to help them.So dislikers, what will you choose as your punishment?Anyway, CLANNAD is one of those classic VN's that, until now, has never been officially translated. It did recieve a critically acclaimed anime adaptation, and if you have seen that you can basically look at this game as being the ""unabridged version"". This game is quite old now (2004), so some might find the art a little odd, but the story itself is superb and at the core of why this game, and the anime that spawned from it, are considered among the best ever made.As for the price tag... it is pretty damn steep. Too steep some would say for a VN, and I'll respect the decisions of those who decide that the current 50$ cost is just too much for what is essentially a story game with some voices and anime drawings. But there is one thing I do have to say about the cost: This is one of the largest game stories ever created. I don't know for sure, but around 80+ hours is the generally accepted figure given for how long it takes to beat this game. That means, at a price of $50, you will be recieving ~96 minutes of game for every dollar you spend. It might be a visual novel, but that is still a hell of alot more bang for your buck than most Triple-A game releases these days.For those who do choose to buy and play this for the first time having had no exposure to either this game or the anime before this... enjoy the ride. It's a long one, but very very much worth it. Hopefully your heart won't be crushed too hard by the time you make it to the end. :3"
,Recommended,324160,22735463,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Banhi Banhi,"The end of a long, long journey indeed.I dived into this only knowing that CLANNAD was old, extremely long, and highly regarded in the VN community.80+ hours later, I can affirm that this lives up to all of those expectations and then some. The music is absolutely amazing and fitting, the art is memorable, and the story is something fierce. I've never laughed so hard in my life at some points, and at others it's the most heartwarming thing I've read in a long time.$50 for something you will treasure for a lifetime. Worth every penny.Now do you have a moment to hear about our lord and savior Akio-sama?UPDATE: The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award fits this VN 100%. Akio-sama wants you to vote for CLANNAD. Don't let him down guys."
,Recommended,324160,20926926,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Prisnya,POIGNANTCOMPELLINGHEARTBREAKING!!!If you play this Visual Novel you're in for a emotional flight.11/10 - Almost forgot: Tomoyo best Waifu!!!
76561198022980555,Recommended,324160,33683687,Posted: 20 July,all,Jean Moreau,It's good for people who likes to cry
,Recommended,324160,32305063,Posted: 9 June,all,Honeymaster | Unorganised,"DisclamerNo spoilers for anyone, (and to make sure dont go to my profile Unless you A. want spoilers or B. Already know about or watched clannad.)Now ive said that. Time for the review now i've just finished everything for the game.ReviewFor the 39 hours I've played of clannad, (at the time of writing this review as I might go through the main story a few more times because it was touching for me.) I have to say that the money i've spent I would say it is worth it. Some people have spent more hours on it however it took me about 39 hours to 100% it and go through each of the stories. I will say because some people do not understand there is a second part to the game following one of the characters once you completed each of the school arcs; and if your like me and want to get all the achievements you might notice a bit of backtracking to get back to other parts of the game to get your achievement.That's where the skip dialog comes in as it will skip all the dialog you have already seen,(provided you haven't tryed to launch on a different device like I did losing all that seen dialog and having to skip through it by spamming your mouse button.)(Thanks to TheEpikDewd for pointing out you can just hold  the control key regardless of if you have seen the text or not. Tested and confirmed it is true) There is lots of content for you and a good start into visual novels.I do have to say this as well since its Key and Visual novels and that lot. No H scenes are included or a part of this visual novel. No if's and No But's, No idea why you want them but whatever, thats a different story."
76561198052593196,Recommended,324160,28401436,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Yurripi,"Visual novels are an admittedly niche market in the west, and most lookers might be turned off by the lack of in-game mechanics. However, do not sleep on Clannad. A breath-taking story with meaningful characters you will fall for, Clannad is that rare expierience that feels emotionally deep, and artistically poignant. A true 10/10 work of art that will nourish your soul."
,Recommended,324160,33410675,Posted: 9 July,all,Choombi,Anpan
,Recommended,324160,19426715,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sabeki,"Just listening to the fabulous music in this game makes tears well up in my eyes. This VN has so many deep stories and likeable characters, also some well placed comic relief.Clannad is a great game and also a wonderfull anime to watch, but as always the game is better 10/10"
,Recommended,324160,30275182,Posted: 2 March,all,Moony,"Clannad is definitely one of the best visual novels out there. More than three years after watching the anime series, I finally found the courage to face this heart-rending story again. Compared to the anime, the novel proceeds at slower pace, making you really fall in love with all the characters and enjoy their individual routes.My three favourite routes were Nagisa's (+After Story), Kotomi's and Tomoyo's.Overall, I have next to nothing to complain about. Due to the tons of content (easily 100+ hours), I can confidently recommend buying the game to anyone who is interested, even for the full price.Final rating: 9/10 (my second favorite visual novel)(Next section contains SPOILERS, so proceed with caution)The only thing that leaves kind of a bitter aftertaste is the way the true ending in After Story is handled. First, you have to go through all the traumatic experiences of witnessing deaths of both Nagisa and Ushio. Then, you have to return to the point when Nagisa was still alive, to collect the last light orb from Akio's sidestory. That, by itself, horribly disrupts the gradation of the story. With all the light orbs, you gain access to the true ending, which is supposed to be some kind of a final closure to the novel. My problem is that the true ending basically denies all that makes After Story exceptional: devastated Tomoya getting up from the pits of despair while being saved by the gentle smile of his daughter. I feel that just brushing off all the events following Nagisa's death with some hardly explainable deus ex machina kind of spoilt my feelings about the ending. The best closure to the novel would be for the mentioned miracle to save dying Ushio and let her grow up by Tomoya's side. This is the only reason I cannot give Clannad 10/10, which I think it objectively deserves. But no matter how hard I think about it, the ending was a bit disappointing to me."
,Recommended,324160,19376442,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[Cash.net] Xgpmcnp,"Just finished the game.. A pure jewel. Don't let the art style or the price stop you from this purchase, you'll be missing out on a great game.The story is.. simply golden. I don't have words to describe this well-thought mix of drama, humor and feels. You'll cry of frustration, cry of laughter and cry of feels.A very long and lovely VN for the fans of the genre out there. Classic must-buy."
,Recommended,324160,19264412,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Dango,Highly recommended for people who looks for a touching story to cure their heart.
,Recommended,324160,19261385,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,WreckSpice,Must have game for those who are looking for an amazing story. If you haven't experienced Clannad... what are you waiting for?! Buy it now!Now to wait for the Angel Beats visual novel... Coming 2069.
76561198007769092,Recommended,324160,19303081,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Cryo,"KEY are reknowned for visual novels such as Kanon, AIR, Little Busters and perhaps their most famous one, Clannad. Clannad is a beautiful romance story with the power to make you cry, like most KEY products, and you WILL cry no matter what should you play it through entirely. The novel is hilarious and cute through the rest of it, with enough slice of life intrigue in it to hold your attention. Though it lacks the instant engaging action that their later product Little Busters has, it makes up for it by being utterly adorable! Just prepare to cry, and cry a lot.Completely worth buying, as this story may very well change the way you view life and the rest of the world."
,Recommended,324160,30320974,Posted: 4 March,all,Viscera,"It's easy to say that Clannad is one of the best VNs I ever read, considering its immense popularity. But it's true that few engrossed me as much as Clannad, that I just couldn't put them down (even when I tried). It's not flawless, of course, and I can even understand why some downright dislike it, but it's truly a remarkable experience.As often with these kinds of things, it's largely due to the characters. Every single one, with the exception of a few purely villainous minor characters, is very likeable. Not always right away, there were some that I found difficult to like at first, but at the end I was fond of all of them. Whether they are tragic, fun or just plain sympathetic, at the end I cared about at least every major character and found myself deeply invested in their stories.These stories are pretty diverse, with the characters having their own personal struggle. Pretty much all of them (with a few exceptions) are family-related (as that's the overall theme of the VN), like a girl trying to achieve a big goal for her brother, even when that means putting her own desires aside, a little sister seeing her brother fallen from grace, doubting that he even cares about her anymore, another one hooking up her sister with the boy she loves, deeply hurting herself in the process, and of course the daughter that is wracked with guilt, when she discovers how much her parents sacrificed for her sake.As typical for VNs, these stories are spread out over several different routes, with the main character often (but not always) entering a relationship with the central character. While they're largely independent, it's not rare for them to intermingle with each other and finishing some routes can cause changes in others. One route even only gets fully concluded when another is played after it.In its structure, Clannad typically follows a certain formula, in which things are pretty light-hearted and rather comedic at first, introducing and developing the characters, only for things to go wrong soon after. It's very effective, as it takes time to make you really like and care about the characters, which makes the tragedy that befalls them all the more painful. Once hooked, it's hard to stop, as you really want to see how things develop and hope that everything ends (relatively) well.Once all the main routes are finished (and certain choices have been made), a continuation of one route gets unlocked (appropriately titled ""After Story""). This isn't just a mere epilogue or extra, but an important (possibly even the most important) part, of the entire VN. It's practically composed of several ""mini-routes"", that follow the same pattern as before. It's here that the story hits the hardest, with the most heartrending scenes of the entire VN. Some might find it even too much, but keeping at it leads to a rewarding conclusion.Visually, Clannad is... not impressive. The characters tend to look rather off and many might be put off by the overall style. But it's not that bad and one gets used to it after a relatively short time.When it comes to sound, Clannad shines much more. Even without knowing language, the speech really enhances the experience with VAs all voicing their characters nearly perfectly, to the point they hard to imagine without them. The only negative is that the main character himself isn't voiced. Which isn't unusual in VNs, but very glaring here, as he has a very defined personality and even the most minor characters got voiced.The music is just great. It's actually one of the best points of Clannad and greatly supports every scene, whether it's funny, mysterious, dramatic or (and especially) sad.However, it's not hard to point out flaws. One of the most glaring aspects is that the plots are rather blatantly built for the sake of drama. Several things don't quite make sense, characters tend to act in rather odd ways and quite some issues could have been avoided rather easily. Depending on how much you can tolerate these things (it's hard to outright overlook them), they can hamper your enjoyment of the stories.As typical, ""gameplay"" consists of several choices, some important, others not so much. It's not always obvious what's what and some routes are heavily influenced by choices that don't seem to have much to do with anything. For unlocks, several specific choices have to be made and, as mentioned before, two routes have to be played in a certain order. That makes it rather tricky to get the full story. Using guides may therefore be preferable.And of course, Clannad is pretty expensive. As much as I like this VN and as much content as it has, it's rather tricky to defend the full price, especially considering that it's nearly 15 years old by now. Of course, with Steam having sales rather often, it shouldn't be hard to get it at a better price. It's certainly more than worth the €20 I paid for it.Overall, while some might find it too melodramatic, Clannad is a really great VN with likeable characters and interesting storylines. I can only recommend to at least try it out."
,Recommended,324160,19952398,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sleepy Sheepy,Her face is weird but my tears are normal.
76561198079851511,Recommended,324160,31273986,Posted: 21 April,all,Bacchic Storm,"I am going to assume that if you have found this game's page, then it is incredibly likely that you have come here having watched the rather brilliant anime done by Kyoto Animation. You are probably wondering if the source material lives up to that high benchmark. The answer is an unequivical yes. The anime focussed mostly on Nagisa's route, and interspersed the other ones as mini arcs whilst still focussing mostly on her. In the visual novel, you get the chance to see each girl's individual route properly (some of which weren't even alluded to in the anime), with all romantic elements intact, and with none of the brevity which the anime had to use in its adaptation. On top of this, unlike the anime, you are seeing all of the events from Tomoya's point of view, with his own thoughts constantly on display. This serves to make him the best developed character in the entire game, and adds new dimensions to him that are simply not there in the anime. This in turn makes every heartbreaking moment that much more poignant. Make no mistakes, although Clannad is deeply rooted in ""bishoujo game"" territory, Tomoya is by no means a bland self insert character. When going through the various routes, you make the decisions for him, but his personality will still dictate what happens. This is refreshing since a lot of VN protagonists can be a little one dimensional.In terms of value for money, having played Clannad for over 30 hours (at the time of writing), I have currently completed less than half of the game, so if you are wondering whether the price of this visual novel is worth it, the answer is an indisputable yes. In terms of value, there are very few things that will give you the same bang for your buck as this gargantuan visual novel. For those unfamiliar with visual novels, they are much less interactive than a game, but more interactive than a book. The game is 99% reading text with 1% decision making, so be prepared for a good long read when you download this, since according to statistics fetched online, it has about as many words as nearly two readings of 'War and Peace' (approx 1.25m words). Just sit back, relax, and let the story wash over you. Take your time, complete the game's 12+ routes. It will make you laugh, it will make you cry like a baby, and if you're like me it will find a special place in your heart.  If you loved the anime and you are a keen reader, then this is an experience you will never forget."
76561197985525804,Recommended,324160,29725035,Posted: 5 February,all,thyrokio,"As soon as I started playing, I couldn't drop it until I finished it all. It's an awesome game that managed to squeeze tears out of my my stubborn eyes."
,Recommended,324160,25533786,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dave <BlackCrybto>,"First of all I've to say that i watched the anime befor I boughtit, so I tought I would know all about it. Then I played it....and played it...and played it.To Begin with, the story is awesome.You will play as Tomoya and try to get throught the third year of highschool.You met many people with different characteristics. It's a nice piece of Slice of Life and got also a lot of Drama in it and the best thing is the romance which will grab your heart and will never let go of you.You're feeling the emotions of every single character.Fun,Sadness,Depression... you will feel everything and get the connection to the Character himself. It also isn't important which route you go, cause every girl has her own magnificent story.(I played the anime version first^^)The next thing i want to mention is the number of possible routes. I think it's a fair amount and also you got many other funny choices. Cannot say to much about it cause i havn't played that many visual novels.The music is just stunning. There were so many moments in this game when i stopped clicking just to hear the music.(But for real, who wouldn't listen to the Dango Daikazoku-Song ^^). Also you have the possiblity to listen to all the songs in the main menu,Everytime when a new artwork appeared my heart skipped a beat. All these fantasic pictures have brand a mark into my brain.They were full filling me.I'm also an achievmenthunter and was really happy when i saw that this game have some. They weren't to hard to get cause you just have to play all routes^^This game is just a masterpiece and stand in nothing after the anime. I cried 3-4 times when I watched the anime and so did I when i played this game. Whats also very important is, is the fact that when you finished every route you can play the afterstory which is the best part of all=)I just can recommend it and if you don't play the game it's ok, but at least give the anime a chance^^"
,Recommended,324160,33381097,Posted: 8 July,all,Throtran,"RESULTCategoryPoints (/10)Story10Graphics8Sound6Gameplay9Contents9Misc7.5Result8.25/10STORY/SETTING10	of 10The main protagonist Okazaki Tomoya is in his last year at a private high school and living a life full of resentment. His mother died when he was young and his father is seeking refuge in drinking and gambling. One day after a fight Tomoya hurt his shoulder and is not able to play basketball ever again. After loosing this last resort Tomoya avoids his father and doesn't care about his education and gets easily aggressive, so he now is considered a delinquent. But after meeting a strange girl on his way to school his life is about to change....Basically you have 12 different paths to follow (9 with girls, 1 yaoi, 1 helping your teacher, 1 helping a guy searching for a job). Most of those paths are extremely sad. It is said it's impossible not to cry (something I can confirm). After playing through the game you eventually unlock After Story. It contains another 3 paths (1 Family path, 1 Sad Ending, 1 True Ending) and - Warning - the sad ending is going to destroy you. It is one of the most saddest story I ever read/played.I watched the Anime and played this game back in 2008 (poorly machine translated), so I knew what I was in for. It still crushed me and I could only play 3 - 4 paths each weekend. For me it's a masterpiece and there can only be one rating:10 of 10GRAPHICS8	of 10The Steam Version has upgraded graphics, so you could even enjoy it now, 13 years after it's original release. There is a good amount of CGs (even with slight alterations for mood, etc.), every character has his distinct features and the backgrounds are beautifully detailed.Sadly the animations are outdated, so they seem kind of strange within the higher res graphics. They are not really fluid and you are almost immediately reminded of the old age. The game also has a nice opening movie, which is perfectly fine as an introduction. Sadly they decided to hide the movie in the main menu, but you'll also see it at the beginning of After Story, making the introduction of the characters totally weird and wrong placed. Still for a VN it's8 out of 10SOUND6	of 10The BGM is pretty straight forward. There are a few themes for characters and situations und a few alterations. The funny parts try to be lively, the sad parts are slow and moody. It is so cliché it's almost boring. And after playing the full 50+ hours you are ether hooked or annoyed. There are iconic pieces you will probably remember and recognize your whole life (but only 2 or 3)... to be honest: the anime is way better in this regard and I wished they would have included things like the dango-song in this game. They ether wanted to stay as close as possible to the original or they simply didn't think about it and just focused on the translation.The Seiyuu did a great job back then. Now maybe a little outdated and a little in need of getting used to, but still: Here in Germany there a way worse voice actors making a lot more money.For the voiced songs: There is an opening, an insert, a general ending song and the true ending song. Of course all of them are in Japanese, but luckily you get a synchronized English subtitle. If you love J-Music you will love these songs and probably remember at least one of them every time you read the name Clannad. Everyone else.... well you can skip Opening and Ending if you really have to. Altogether sadly I can only give a6 out of 10GAMEPLAY (BALANCE)9	of 10The gameplay probably hasn't changed in the last 30 years or so. You have skip, auto and can scroll back, if you want to read something again. Additionally you can go back to a previously made choice if you don't like the direct results. You get a CG Mode, a Music Mode and you can even change your Name (also I have to advise against it!). A Scene Mode is missing, understandable but sad.Then there is one of the best ideas: Dangopedia. It has many Japanese specific term and every one of these terms is highlighted, so you can read the meaning behind it. For those who are not familiar with Japanese Media or Japanese culture it makes the game fully understandable and enjoyable. Sadly for an otaku like me it is sometimes very distracting to look up some English expressions to find the Japanese ones so I could understand the meaning behind it. For a English native speaker it's probably easier (you won't have to think in 3 languages after all xD ). Well, there are always improvements to be made, but it's a solid9 of 10GAME CONTENTS AND PRICING9	of 10There are 15 paths and a playtime of 50+ hours (I actually played 62h and skipped all previously read text). If you permit it, you can laugh, cry and simply enjoy the all day scenes and the love story. So stop whining! It’s a full price of 46 EUR for this masterpiece. Most I***ts pay more for 4h games like the 100th CoD. If you don't want to pay this kind of money simply wait for a sale or buy the key elsewhere. It's simply unfair to whine about a fair, reasonable price and try to scam developers and translators out of their earned money by raising a witch hunt.For those who can enjoy a Visual Novel the pricing is admittedly a little high, but more than worth it. The DLCs on the other hand are ridicules. I can't imagine why a digital manga and artbook would be worth 33 EUR and I probably never find out unless they are on sale for at least 50%. Overall pricing and contents of the game alone are9 out of 10MISCELLANEOUS7.5	of 10Like most games these days Clannad has trading cards and achievements. There are 7 Trading cards containing 7 of the 9 female love interests. The pictures to the cards are a simple full body of the character and a short description. If you want, you can try to get a set, but I can't neither recommend nor advise against it. The badge itself has the right Lvl 5 story wise and a nice foil one.There are 4 achievements you probably miss without a guide. Of course those are not grindy or anything (It's a VN after all), but they are really hilarious to get. The other 18 are straight forward story achievement (14 paths (the sad ending is not credited), prolog and 2 lights(needed for true ending)). For a Visual Novel the achievements are pretty much perfectly reasonable. Let's go with7.5 out of 10CONCLUSION8.25	of 10Also I personally want to give this game a 10, I tried to stay as objectively as possible. But in the end it's still  8.25 Points. I can fully recommend this game. If you have the money and enjoy this kind of games don't hesitate: Buy and Play it ASAP. Everyone else is free to wait for a sale or a price drop, but this game is definitely a must-have for this genre!-----------------------------------------------------------EDIT/ADD - obligatory fanboy commentAfter reading a few ""not recommended"" reviews I have to add: This game is 13 years old! Of course there are better games and obviously key has more experience now and with Little Busters a slightly better game (IMHO), at least the uncut version. You also have to embark the story to really enjoy it. It was one of the best VNs back then and it is now more of a classic non eroge visual novel. Art style? Resolution? Dating Sim? Like the Anime? WTF people, are you for real? I can understand, if a few think this game is boring. Those are probably either to young"
76561197993200934,Recommended,324160,19255538,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,EraDKtor,Team up with Tomoyo and go for a 64-hit combo. Remember: It's self defense!
76561198026137118,Recommended,324160,22310068,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ACDCJackUK,One of my all time favorite anime series's original material. Simply outstanding and worth every penny.Glad to be able to see the other endings.One worthy of being called legendary.
76561197971466246,Recommended,324160,22948731,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,dragonikSC,"(  II) (  II) (  II) Dango, dango, dango, dango, dango daikazokuuu (II  ) (II  ) (II  )(  II) (  II) (  II)   ( II )      ( II )      ( II )      ( II )      ( II )   ( II)(II)(II)(II ) (II  ) (II  ) (II  )9000+/10 (the mark I give it, and the amount of kicks Sunohara gets per second)Worth every replay for every path."
,Recommended,324160,19284097,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Combine,10/10This game made me enlist in the army.
76561198031634676,Recommended,324160,24113218,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SinRitt,"Play for 2 minutes.Yep, still overwhelmed by the feels.Overall, a series of beautiful and sometimes sad stories about various people, culminating into the epithome of feels that is the After Story. Watched Clannad anime? Try the visual novel. Never watched Clannad anime? Try the visual novel regardless. If you're into visual novels in general or feel like trying one, Clannad is a great pick."
,Recommended,324160,22780088,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Shaý,"Let me come off right the bat and say I don't normally write clean and flashed out reviews since I love myself some puns(Hah, that's a cliché way to start.) Firstly, I can't really give a definitive review since my English is bad and grammar is hard, so uh take it with a grain of salt.Alright so we got the world reowned Visual Novel studio Key, the highly rated story of CLANNAD now available on Steam-o-roni.tldr; this game makes you wana cry and die(Sort of a ""full(?) review down there"")While I only have completed my first route which happened to be Nagisa route, it was a rollercoaster of emotions like everyone tends to say. I'm not over-exaggerating but it is really felt something right out of the box being that my only previous experience with Visual Novels is Katawa Shoujo(Which is hands down a great Visual Novel too[Shameless Plug]), let me just tell you for now that this isn't a generic short VN you find quite a lot in the Steam Store, while I won't say their bad they sort of lack in the story department.Righty, story then? How does it go? Well with Visual Novels the choices you make will determine which of the main heroines in the game that you'll be chasing or be chased at. Starting out with my choice I went with Nagisa the moment I layed eyes on her since the moment we were introduced at. Something about her stood out for me, and this goes without saying that she's friggin' adorable. It's hard for me to judge it's story since I started watching the Anime first then went into the game. In with the comparison there's some diferences here and there comparing the route and Anime took in the game's route.Story: 9.5/10Going with the flow we have the art style while isn't ""modern"" to keep up with the hip kids it has its charm to it since it's quite fairly old dating back all the way to 2004's. So like this is kinda 00's era. As I've stated above while I've only completed 1 route so far which is Nagisa's path. Her CG's are great and well detailed in every-way possible with vibrant colors. It can definitely do better in this deparment but hey it's from the 2000's.Art: 8.5/10For the music, I'm really astounded by how marvelous it is. The music really put me into the atmosphere in which scene it was depicting be it a a mundane class-lesson to a spur of the moment confession. I really don't have much else to say about this it's just great, fantastic, superb, not even words I can desribe the sound. With the most memorable sound track of mine to be ""Nagisa"".Music: 10/10Gameplay department? Well it's what you'd expect out of any Visual Novel realistically, you click, you read rinse and repeat. This ain't no triple A game where you run to Point A to Point B and blast enemies high off the earth and off to the moon with cool rockets looking guns. Standard click and read kind of thing. Did I forget to mention? The well layed out UI and settings makes it goes hand with hand.Gameplay: 10/10Overall I can say for sure is this is a must have for die hard Visual Novel dudes or dudette's out there. This kind of story telling, music and art style mixed so well that, well you can't help but roll up in a ball and cry the living daylight out of you. Just buy the damn game already dammit!Overall: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,324160,30567193,Posted: 17 March,all,V-Phantom,"[This Review is in ""Early Access""; it ""will"" (maybe) be updated as I progress through the game in my path towards the True Ending]----It took me roughly 20 hrs. to finish just ONE route! And I loved and cherished every single second of it! :] It really made me cry like a baby at the end.----PROS: Awesome stories, great characters, beautiful music, lots of genuine emotion.CONS: A slow-burner kind of title... if you rush through it, you're really missing the point; so, don't do the game nor yourself a disservice, and just take it slow and easy... let the atmosphere engulf you and take you into one of the most memorable “emotional rollercoasters” you'll ever play."
,Recommended,324160,28815039,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Vitah-108,"I have watched and absolutely love the anime. Yet, this visual novel truly surprised me because it is leaps and bounds better than the anime, both content-wise and emotion-wise. All routes are extremely well-written with great OST and they can touch me to a degree the anime can't. I also really enjoy all the contents which were left out from the anime. The true ending of ""After Story"" feels a lot more natural and impactful in the form of a game. All in all, definitely one of the best visual novels ever written."
,Recommended,324160,28180092,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hentsi,"We FINALLY got trading cards, but you ruined it Sekai Project...Still, it's a good visual novel if you want to cry."
,Recommended,324160,25419763,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Wes_H,"damn... didnt know i still had a heart.But in all seriousness if i played this or seen the anime back while i was in highschool things might of been different, this game has a touching message and story behind it."
76561198173086009,Recommended,324160,19532673,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,silentshadow2536,"The mechanics of the game are simple and plain, however the entire package  is a cluster of emotions raging from unfathomable sadness and loss to genuine happiness. I would HIGHLY recommend following the Clannad walkthrough guide on the Kazamatsuri web site. Without it, you may be hard pressed in figuring out what it is you're supposed to do. This game is basically like reading a book with added audio and soundtrack. Also, you must complete the game numerous times (while altering your choices) in order to experience all the routes. The first route for me (baseball route) was nothing special imo but it works as a good introduction for all the characters in the game. The proceeding routes from there are impactful personal stories of each of the characters. It is also important to note that while the game is not exactly a fantasy genre, it does employ fantasy elements such as the orbs of light that you collect as well as the Illusionary World (all of which become relevant in After Story). After Story is considered to be the ""main"" story and is unlocked after collecting 8 light orbs obtained throughout different routes. (The skip diolouge function makes this much faster to get through).I personally loved the story telling of the game and the emotional ride was unforgettable. If you don't mind reading, I would highly recommend this game."
78787899564823434,Recommended,324160,33793532,Posted: 25 July,all,Ozymandias(LFT),Tears... Had to watch the anime over again and cried my eyes out like before.
,Recommended,324160,31528309,Posted: 3 May,all,RandAyyLmao,Made me laugh.Made me sad.Made me anxious.Great VN.
,Recommended,324160,19741438,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Pain,"Is 45,99€ worth it? My answer: YES! And don't let the price 45.99€ haunt you....What else do you need before you are going to play Clannad?1.A lot of tissues to wipe all snot out of your face2.Drill a hole through your room where your tears can be emptied"
,Recommended,324160,25128496,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,justseedy,"Beofre i start the reivew i want to ask you if you want me to take you to place in town where wishes come true?ok with that out of the way - i love clannad so much i have the anime on dvd and backed the kickstater for about $200 and own pictures, cds, t-shirts and much more from this and many other key art franchisesso with that noted i will (spolier free as best as i can) say that this was the first and still best visual novel that got me into the world of anime - i mean sure i'd watch things like pokemon but that was just a cartoon back in the day for meIn this visual novel you play as tomoya - a boy who's mothers died and lives with his father who he does not get along with and then he meets nagisawith that over 50+ hours many different roustes and more than 20+ different people to talk and go about life with and yes this is sad - very very sadit is a modern day work of art - but to make sure it's for you go watch the anime first (i did not as i didn't know it had one when i downloaded it before - about 3-4 years ago)this is a must own for any visual novel/anime fan+ great music+ many choices that matter to make - to make you feel in control+ great characters+ different routes+ long 50+ hour game time - well worth the money+ go watch the also great anime version100/10 worth it and one of my fav games/anime of all time"
76561198124422258,Recommended,324160,25332289,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Primordium742,I feel all the feels
,Recommended,324160,28682738,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,S A D B O I S,"This game is just full of emotions, ranging from happy to depressing♥♥♥♥♥♥I can't believe that a game/anime would change the way I will see people nowWould recommend and would play until I die11/10"
,Recommended,324160,28660330,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,风宇天泉,"I love this story, and we called it ""life"".CLANNAD is the life. In fact, the people in China, who likes Japanese animes, comics and games, all think CLANNAD is the best story over the world, but the game in steam can only be played with English.It's a Japanese game, but it doesn't have Japanese.I know the game in steam is for the people who can understand English, but I hope this story can be known all over the world.I hope you can provide us with more language choices, and we also hope this story will be forever.CLANNAND IS THE LIFE."
,Recommended,324160,19242225,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,KingdumbWight [VGA Turbo],"This is without a doubt the pinnacle of romantic visual novels. Clannad tells a deep story that unlike 90% of visual novels on Steam, doesn't value fanservice more than story and character development.In terms of presentation it's great. The artstyle may be hit and miss to some people, however there is a charm to the aesthetic, even if it's a bit odd at first glance. The HD remaster definately improves the quality of the images, when compared to the resolution of the standard edition of Clannad. The music is really good and helps to set the mood of the scenes being shown and the voice acting is very good, even if the protagonist isn't voiced like he was in the anime.Clannad is an incredibly long visual novel, in fact it's one of the longest visual novels available. Each route in the first half of Clannad takes around 5-12 hours to complete, depending on the route and reading speed.The second half of Clannad, which unlocks after completing all the routes of the first half, is easily the greatest part of the visual novel, even if mostly because most of the impactful moments happen during that half. In total Clannad probably takes around 100+ to complete fully.I will say that it probably wont be everyone's cup of tea. There isn't much violence or sexual innuendo in Clannad, as it's focused primarily on telling a captivating romance story. It's a very family oriented story, as that is the main theme of the visual novel.if you are interested in Clannad, there is also an anime adaptation that faithfully follows most of the routes (although omitting some of them completely, even omitting an entire character.)Overall if you enjoy visual novels, I can highly recommend Clannad. It's incredibly long, but none of the story routes are particularly bad, so it shouldn't be a chore to read."
,Recommended,324160,24138713,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Akio Mitsuko,"Clannad is one of my all-time favourite visual novels. SekaiProject's localization is great for the most part, with rare mistakes to be seen. The addition of the Dangopedia (a small dictionary containing japanese terms and reference explanations) is very helpful for newcomers as well.The story itself offers both comedy and drama and will keep you busy for roughly 50 hours or more. I highly recommend reading it."
76561198039052067,Recommended,324160,28590714,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Darcorn,"After reading several glowing reviews, I've decided to take the plunge and buy the game. Started reading it yesterday so this review will be updated once I finish it. What I like about Clannad so far is the music! Esprcially during scenes with the red haired girl. So beautiful my heart melts every time I hear it :) I think I'm getting hooked on VNs!"
,Recommended,324160,32458075,Posted: 15 June,all,Oxydra,The anime made me cry more than two years ago.Played the Visual Novel and it STILL made me cry again.
,Recommended,324160,19437358,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Alvataire,Started playing clannad once again after nearly 10 years....Started bawling like a baby once moreDon't play this if you want to retain your masculinityGDI maeda/10
,Recommended,324160,34560641,Posted: 28 August,all,sorathecrow,"This is one of the best romance Visual Novels of all time--and $20 is a steal.  If you're unfamiliar with the genre, think of this as like a ""choose your own adventure"" that starts at the same basic point but can branch off widely depending on your choices.  VNs like this are often erroneously called dating sims, but that's a different genre entirely.  VNs like this are more like a bundle of separate romance stories, the choices you can make in-game locking you in to one of the stories, or ""routes.""  Once you finish a route, you can start the game from the beginning, making different choices, and see how that changes the story.VNs like Nekopara or the Sakura- games have probably given VNs a bit of a negative reputation around here, but this game doesn't stoop to those lows.  The story is sweet, cute, mixes in drama, comedy, and supernatural elements, and doesn't rely on fanservicey CGs to keep you playing.  This is the way the game wasmeantto be played, too, so you won't be playing a hacked-up Steam version."
,Recommended,324160,33569216,Posted: 15 July,all,Dell²,I thought that I was ready for it.Then I heard the melody of Nagisa track.I cried while thinking about Big Dango family
,Recommended,324160,20498499,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,PitTech_Dice,"The anime is my favorite of all time, hands down, so this was an easy purchase for me to see Clannad's orgins.14 hours in and two routes down and its just as impactful as the series was."
,Recommended,324160,19623729,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ｍｓｈ❀ｆｓｈ,CLANNAD is a visual novel that has captivated me from the start. From the music and art to the storylines and characters this one has it all. I can say that without a doubt this a story that I wil always cherish and even come back to. The choices are many and the scenes are engaging. So many places to go in this storyline. Unlike a lot of visual novels the choices you make are not always easy and honestly I found myself really struggling to choose sometimes.Tomoyo forever holds my heart.10/10 Would cry again.
,Recommended,324160,29968205,Posted: 16 February,all,JimRaynor2001,"I have Japanese version and Kickstarter hard copy. What can I say? I cleared whole Clannad at least 3 times! One of the best Key VN ever along side with Little Busters!, Rewrite, AIR, Kanon, planetarian and recent Harmonia!"
76561198215790597,Recommended,324160,32844960,Posted: 27 June,all,Cawwot-Kun,"[SPOILER sortof?]You knowClannad was the first anime i've ever saw and I mean the first one, I never naruto or dragon ball Clannad was the first anime I ever watchFinding out there was a game for clannad made me very happy. Once i bought this game I had no dout it was going to be amazing and man was a right.  There was even a kiss scene, Although it didn't happen in the anime man seeing a kiss in the game made me scream of joy. I was so happy that i thought i could cry of happyness (i did cry, im a cry baby)I deeply recommend this game. Honestly i'm very happy i bought this game and again I recommend this game to anyone who doesn't have it"
,Recommended,324160,26153650,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Scott2002,I haven't finish this game yet [And didn't even reach the 15 % of this game]This game had a REALLY REALLY Long story.......[And it a really really good too]So if you guys are looking for visual novel that had a lot of story and a lot of routes....I recommend this game !!!It really worth the price :)[It an old visual novel so don't expect the good art from this game. Just only care for story XDDDDDD]10/10
,Recommended,324160,19293124,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Lithium Bomb,This game gave me a heart and broke it afterwards.
76561198051204316,Recommended,324160,25003794,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,HaZy,Best game ever made.Tomoyo best girl! ;)
,Recommended,324160,19985809,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","The perfect example of a Visual Novel game, So many branching paths where every choice matters... meanwhile you get choices at pretty much every major decision (and some minor decisions), over 100 hours of content, translations by Sekai Project(who also did Fruit of Grisaia, so you can tell how the quality will be, [aka, really good])... Fully voiced in Japanese(aside from main character),  with over 1.25 million English words in the script, this is the longest visual novel on steam at this time...... and of course, all fully voiced.The soundtrack is amazing, this game is great at setting atmosphere and there are plenty of emotional moments, as well as amazingly comedic moments... the perfect balance of both, even more so than grisaia's balance.... Definitely nowhere near the end now, but I've researched a lot about the VN and have seen the anime a ton, and expect this to definitely be in my top 3 VN's of all time (with others being Grisaia no Kajitsu and Steins;Gate)"
76561198065866715,Recommended,324160,25217946,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Resileus,"First and foremost, for potential buyers who have watched the anime, don't assume that just because you enjoyed the anime, you'll also enjoy the game. Visual novels, such as Clannad, require a bit of a different taste, you need a fair bit of patience and also need to put up with the fact that at first glance, Nagisa looks like a skeleton, in my humble opinion, which ticked me the hell of as she is my second favorite character (Miyazawa's my favorite, obviously). For sure, playing the game is a great way to continue to immerse yourself into the Clannad universe, and it allows you to follow your own path and make friends with who you want, however, the mechanics and style of the game itself don't necessarily appeal to certain groups. I have friends who cried watching the anime, like me, however, did not enjoy playing the game. The plot of the game is fantastic, no complaints there, just prepare yourself for a bit of a different experience in how you interact with it in comparison to the anime and other video games. Just keep this in mind.I've always personally been impressed with Key and their ability to make games that have the ability to toy with your emotions. Clannad is no different, as a player, you follow your own semi-personalised route (see below), each with their own struggles and successes that tug at your heartstrings. The plotlines are deep and engaging and allow you to feel as if you have truly connected with the characters, each of whom have a well thought out personality and background that is reflected in the way in which they interact with the player character. For me, this resulted in my getting angry a lot at Sunohara (the player character's best friend) and yelling at my screen. The point is, you'll feel the emotions that the game is meant to convey, you'll wince, you'll cry, you'll laugh, the whole story is one wild emotional roller coaster. Clannad is a fantastic example of what a visual novel should do for you.For a visual novel, the mechanics are solid and the Dangopedia answered virtually all the questions I had about any mentions of Japanese culture within the game. At times, playing the game can feel like a chore, as is typical of many visual novels (especially if you've watched the anime, as you know roughly what will happen), but I personally didn't mind to much as I was so engaged by the characters.The sprites, for the most part, are relatively well done for a visual novel, except for Nagisa, in my opinion, which is an incredible boon. From my experience, games with characters that look nothing like they should (for example, a human should look like a human) are a bit disenchanting and a complete turnoff. The soundtrack is incredibly well done, I cannot stress this enough, I found it to be the aspect of the game that was most beneficial to the overall quality besides the actually plotline, which is to be expected in any game. With both of these things in mind, its easy to immerse yourself into the game.That's it for me, if you made it this far, I congratulate you and I now reward you with a joke. What do you call a funny mountain? Hill Arious. Ba dum tsh. Anyway, I hope this helped you make a decision, no doubt I missed a few things, however, so I'd recommend you read some more just to get a better feel. I encourage you to buy the game, it's fantastic and a good example of what a visual novel should do. Even if you don't like sappy stories, you should still enjoy this game. And remember that you can always return the game if you're not satisfied, so there's no harming in trying it out and see if you enjoy it.-Resileus"
,Recommended,324160,19581290,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Matt,"The Steam release is my second playthrough of the game - the stories are still amazingly powerful, and I'm only a fraction of the way through the amount of content here.Thoroughly recommended."
76561198037712365,Recommended,324160,33654164,Posted: 19 July,all,h_1995,Well...Get a feeling so complicated.
,Recommended,324160,24798033,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Incus,"I will never be able to say the word ""starfish"" again without bursting into tears.10/10 would get a part of my soul crushed again"
,Recommended,324160,23050339,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,KanEDGY,"Holy freaking crap this is a good story man. Only 3 paths in and already i have almost cried like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ a number of times, but also, i have almost busted a gut laughing, mostly at Sunohara. Great game, get it, and feel your heart die a little bit for each characterUpdate: Oh god the feels at the end of Tomoyo's route will almost destroy you. when i saw most of the reviews says that you will cry while reading this i took that as a challange, i failed, badly"
,Recommended,324160,25828975,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,◢Shuncle◣,Best feels trip
,Recommended,324160,31710816,Posted: 12 May,all,Hentai Senpai,"IT'S A ♥♥♥♥IN' MASTERPIECE, it's a MASTERPIECE pop the champagne! *POP*Campagne drinkin' tonight, baby! OOH HOO HOO!"
,Recommended,324160,30641885,Posted: 20 March,all,Enter_77,"ProsLength & replayability--- Over ten unique character routes adding up to about 60 hours of content. Rereading certain portions is encouraged and is also mandatory to unlock the epilogue. Previously read text can be fast-forwarded to quickly see all the deviations a choice will bring.Epilogue--- ""After Story"", a full-length epilogue route for one of the main characters, moves past the safe and comfortable school setting. All of the previous problems faced by the protagonist are made trivial as he confronts the harsh realities of life and gradually becomes more sympathetic as a character. The large time skips throughout the route can be disorienting, but they do not serve as a detriment to any of the most impactful moments. After Story is worth the effort to unlock and the full experience is enough to steal the show.Characterization--- Characters can start off with seemingly unnatural personalities that will clash with the reader's enjoyment of the story when they act out in ways that make situations needlessly complicated. After going through the proper routes, the sequence of events and reasoning that led them to have such demeanors is established. By the end, disliking a character will not be due to poor writing, but the fleshing out of their backstories and beliefs.Tone--- Tone is appropriate as the story develops, especially during After Story.NeutralSeveral character routes--- The majority of routes range from okay to great, but there are several that are uninteresting or come across as afterthoughts during the writing of the visual novel.ConclusionMemorable characters and a story that's usually charming, unexpectedly comedic, and at times tragic. Possibly Key's best work up to the time of its original release, Clannad borrows aspects from Kanon and Air and introduces them into a much larger setting. Familiarity with these previous works will spoil some routes' surprises, but the improved writing and presentation will more than make up for this loss among fans.For those new to the genre or Key, the usual price for Clannad will be off-putting as an entry level visual novel, but the quality and length do end up justifying the cost for those that commit to reading it to completion. At a length of at least65 hourswith the After Story included and based on reading speed, it'shighly recommended to buy Clannad."
76561198108736926,Recommended,324160,19407533,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,xXGhostStalker,"I highly, HIGHLY recommend this game a thousand times over.The VN is just as impactful, funny, tear-jerking and heartwrenching as it's anime counterpart. This was one of the best purchases I've made on Steam and, just like how its anime counterparts are on the very top of my lists for most favorite anime series of all time, it'll take a hefty and severe kick to knock these down my lists. I instantly fell in love with Clannad back when the first season first aired. It's the only anime that I've actually gone back and watched multiple times while still having the same impact on me every time. Since I never got my hands on the original VN and heard this was coming to Steam, I knew right then and there that it wasn't just some random purchase. It was a purchase that I NEEDED to make. I've truly fallen in love with this series and that love still stands firm to this day. Clannad is one of those masterpiece anime that is VERY rare to find these days. Most anime can't even match up to the level Clannad was brought up to. The soundtracks make the anime and the VN a thousand times better."
,Recommended,324160,19311112,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,venom pururut,"I first heard about this game from a forum where people discuss about erotic visual novels, so I automatically thought it's also oneWell, it's safe to say that tears were shedyea go get this game"
76561198286297621,Recommended,324160,23443437,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Xercies,"""Do you like this game? I like this game very very much.""Cheesy quote aside, this game is beautiful. This is the only game that i can actually say has moved me to the point of changing my outlook on life. I have watched the anime, and it left me up till the date passed over in the morning sobbing for a whole hour while i lost about a liter of blood due to completely unrelated reasons. From just the personal expierence i have playing this so far, i would recommend you look up routes if you have seen the anime, and if you havent but get stuck, go ahead and look up the steam guide as it gives no spoilers. Im almost done with my first route, and ive gone fairly quickly since im a very fast reader, but i still have so so many more choices. Its very daunting when you first start, and if you dont have the time to use 80 hours to play this, then i would stick with the anime."
,Recommended,324160,24100940,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,White_Witch,"can't play without crying :'3 watch the anime, play the game, n cry a lot :3"
76561198200996183,Recommended,324160,24447618,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Grand Crusader,"Let me start by saying that I never would have tried this VN (or any VN for that matter) were it not for Clannad's anime adaptation. It was my first VN and I highly recommend it. If you are like how I use to be and typically play FPS, RPG, and RTS games but never gave VN a chance, Clannad is the VN to take the risk on. I promise that you won't regret it.If you like anime at all I'm sure someone has recommended that you watch Clannad. IMO, the anime is really good but assumes you have some additional understanding from the VN. While both the anime and VN are Clannad, the anime and VN tell the stories slightly differently. In the anime, which I think is better understood if you play the VN, most of the routes are somewhat combined so all the characters make an appearance. Fuko's, Kotomi's, Mei's, and Tomoyo's routes are blended fairly well into Nagisa's story (however the anime doesn't do everyone justice, for example Kappei doesn't even make an appearance). In the VN by contrast, most of the routes are fairly separate from the various characters. The anime's and VN's stories are similar in that their primary route is Nagisa's but each approach the story differently.The strength of this VN is that there is more dialogue, alternate routes, and information not provided in the anime. I also had some of my questions about the anime answered by the VN's explanations. That said, the VN is long and if you aren't into reading then you may prefer to just watch the anime as you will cry just as much watching the anime as you will playing this game. If you are like me however, this VN will have won you over to try other VNs (Edit: If you like Clannad you may like Fruit of Grisaia, another long multi route VN with a good story that can be found on Steam). I plan on picking up Tomoyo After in the near future (Edit: I later did and it is also good but short).TLDR: If you've never played a VN before given this one a chance. If you still can't be bothered to do that, at least watch the anime. I think it is one of the best anime's I have ever watched."
,Recommended,324160,25465019,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,anshin'iN;*,One of the best game I've played ;_;. Highly recommended
,Recommended,324160,25195818,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Millermcgraw,"So, I'm one of the guys who put off Clannad for years since the character art just didn't look up to par with what I'm used to. I judged the VN by it's cover hard, thinking it was a reflection on the quality of the work as a whole.I was completely wrong.Important, is the word I would use to describe Clannad. Clannad is now my keystone for all VN's that focus on story as their selling point. This story impacted me as a person. I feel like I've grown.Just buy it, read it, and experience it. Play all of the stories to completion and leave nothing behind. And after you're done, go watch the anime. Just... please experience what Clannad can do for you."
,Recommended,324160,28890432,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jensenj2,"The quality level of this VN is simply incredible. It joins a very small list of 'games that have successfully reduced me to a snivelling wreck'Every significant character is totally authentic and serves a legitimate purpose. All of them come together to craft a beautifully intertwined collection of tales, dealing with themes such as friendship and love.To all potential buyers: there's a good reason CLANNAD is priced signficantly higher than most other VNs available on Steam. This captivating, authentic story truly is the poster child of ""you get what you pay for""."
,Recommended,324160,28901981,Posted: 1 January,all,yung crystal pepsi,"Came expecting generic waifu shenanigan-laden weeb trash, left with salty tears instead"
76561198023326262,Recommended,324160,28080094,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Deidara,"I strongly recommend Clannad. Whether you have played visual novels before or not, this is a great choice.Not much action here, but the whole point is following the story, and making your choices. And the story is really great. There are several different paths, and all of them are going to hit your feels, lightly or hard. I played most of the base game scenarios, and thought I had seen everything, that there won't be much anymore.And then,introduce Kappei Hiiragi.The music is top tier, and often fits whatever scene you are in. Many of this game's tracks are about as iconic as the game itself, and most likely will keep ringing in your head for a little while. The intro song (from the trailer) will play if you wait at main menu for a moment.If you are going for all the scenarios/achievements, you will be spending a great while playing this, at least if you follow the story each time without skipping. Although if you do that (like I have), the first parts especially will get a bit repetitive.Also, the price is a bit high, though that probably depends on you. If you can get this on sale or for free, you should buy it. I recall getting this on sale, and thinking back, full price might have still been worth it. The Dangopedia, CG collection and music list please my inner collector.This game will make you laugh and cry. Whatever you are looking for in this, it's definetly worth the feels."
76561198255220103,Recommended,324160,30845005,Posted: 30 March,all,josefkevinhare,"I first read this VN nine years ago when the anime was coming out, it was my first Visual Novel ever and I was not prepared for the sheer volume of content. I was overwhelmed by how much attention to detail there was in the storylines, how every day of Tomoya's life is explained to you, there are many conversations that do not even necessarily add to the plot but are just there to give you a sense of who the characters are and what it's really like to be in Tomoya's shoes. Never before have I experienced that level of intimacy with fictional characters before, I truly felt like I had lived Tomoya's life, and that made the emotional moments of Clannad feel more personally impactful than any other story I've ever read.This was my second re-read and it was just as amazing the third time. Truly one of a kind."
76561198034361519,Recommended,324160,22803958,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Higenia,"As A fan of Clannad, It is still worth buying even at this high price.A beautiful sound, the funny character like Sunohara makes this game not boring or tedious.Dangopedia looks fine! It added for the western people who may not know Japanese culture.This game is bascially choice-based. So the ending depends on your choices.I recommend you to play this visual novel game after you watch the anime to understand better."
,Recommended,324160,26980902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Monsheus,"I wouldn't expect anything less from Key. While it didn't impress me as much as Little Busters or F/SN, it sure hit me harder. Definitely one of the better VNs out there. Does it worth 50 dollars? Of course, I could pay even more."
76561198301473633,Recommended,324160,24624401,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Boukyakuro,"The single greatest drama ever crafted. I would consider this inspired by a deity more so than any religious text. If you give this an honest chance and don't see the appeal, you probably don't have a soul; sorry, you're missing out on something genuinely special."
,Recommended,324160,30203595,Posted: 26 February,all,Main man Botan,FeelsBadMan Simulator
,Recommended,324160,25080258,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,(ง'̀-'́)ง,"CLANNAD in a nutshell:""Aww Nagisa why are you crying?""""Aww Nagisa now I'm crying."";-; highly HIGHLY recommend"
,Recommended,324160,19249005,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,xiao0✨ti7_miracle,很早之前就一直最喜欢的key社的一部催泪大作，被称为麻枝准大魔王的催泪三部曲中的压轴作品，今天终于能在steam还愿。总的来说CLANNAD像名字一样是一款偏向于家庭感情的游戏，更多的描述了家庭之间的感情。大家庭的和睦与不和睦，姐姐与妹妹，父亲与儿子，父亲与女儿。可能朋也和渚的感情（虽然很经典了）都要排在后面。HD的正统复刻延续了眼睛比例的违和，但是玩久了会意外的带感（像龙骑士07的作品一样），有日文语音好评，虽然没有汉化不过凭借日文的语音也能找回不少当时的感觉吧。总之给分肯定是11/10。如果玩过日式传统文字类游戏的话这部作品就不需要赘述了，懂的自然懂。之前没有接触过这类游戏的玩家我也很推荐已CLANNAD作为起点去接触日式AVG，把平时玩moba或者act游戏的浮躁收敛，慢慢细品。能让人多去思考多去感悟，这正是这类游戏的魅力所在吧。
,Recommended,324160,33399163,Posted: 9 July,all,Obscure Reference,"If you simply want a beautiful story that will last you hours on end, look no further.  I'll admit 50 bucks is a bit steep but youre basicallly getting a dozen 10 hour long stories so you decide, if its on sale, BUY BUY BUY!"
76561198040812138,Recommended,324160,25869632,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,twa556,It's amazing. 14/10
76561198163960163,Recommended,324160,28454290,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,zekromega,Clannad is the best thing ever.
,Recommended,324160,33260015,Posted: 4 July,all,>mid august,"A must have for weebs alike.  this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥I live for, ♥♥♥♥♥s fallin in love"
,Recommended,324160,33449894,Posted: 11 July,all,CorkScrewDood,"Makes you cry in ways you would never expect to see the light of day.Edit: Ryou Fujibayashi..... she doesn't deserve this..... please, choose wisely....."
76561198294339164,Recommended,324160,33465297,Posted: 11 July,all,Ivoleyn,Great characters and great story! It  made me feel so emotional at times that it made me cry while I was playing this game.
,Recommended,324160,33778171,Posted: 24 July,all,Jamerduhgamer,"Disclaimer: I watched the anime first which then got me to play this visual novel.While I am mainly an anime watcher, this visual novel was great in expanding the Clannad universe for me (which makes sense since animes are based off of visual novels and mangas). I enjoyed every bit of this game and if you enjoyed the anime Clannad you'll definitely enjoy this as well since the anime only goes into depth on one of the potential paths the main character can take (the visual novel goes into all of them which I really wanted to see happen just as a ""what if""). Try to catch it when it goes on sale though, the price is a bit steep."
,Recommended,324160,19975197,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Terragis,"If you have any soft emotions whatsoever, you will definitely lose your man card playing this!"
76561198000470993,Recommended,324160,30585085,Posted: 17 March,all,Notshane,"Amazing game, many fun routes to play through and is honestly the best visual novel you could recommend anyone that has never played them before. I never did myself, but I did watch Clannad roughly half a decade ago, so I have a fair recognition of nearly all the characters. I'd write a longer review, but I fear I might spoil a lot. Overall, this visual novel rarely has cringe in it and is mostly a melodrama with rich comedy. However, it mixes the two well. After all, that is what Key is known for is creating amazing stories like these.Speaking of, I am still waiting on the localization of Kanon and Little Busters. Also amazing anime. Doesn't have to be Sekai Project again, but somebody please get to work on those! I want to play them so bad on Steam if they are given as much loving effort as Clannad was."
,Recommended,324160,30698342,Posted: 23 March,all,Z-95,"This masterpiece is an absolute must-read for fans of visual novels and the story has become one of my favorites of any medium. I will absolutely re-read this in the future.Put simply, the game is just about life. Life will have ups and downs and in it you will meet many different people and experience many different things, but it is a journey that everyone takes and along the way the choices you make will determine your destination.While the game is a bit old and the character sprites are different and may be jarring at first, the characters themselves, the music, the story, everything makes this epic journey one that is worth the time to complete.I really enjoyed this VN and highly recommend the anime adaptation as well as it is very well done."
,Recommended,324160,29751373,Posted: 6 February,all,tight asian pussy,"Best VN, I have ever played in my life. 10/10Really funny and sad."
,Recommended,324160,22750173,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Fooz GAMDOM.com,PUHI PUHI!I very much recomend this. I personally watched the anime first and the VN still has many suprises and new material.Great buy! 10/10
,Recommended,324160,32186802,Posted: 4 June,all,Tacit1111111111,Write as CLANNAD.Read as life.This game and its anime cheers me in my darkest times.Thanks for bring me this game.arigatou!
,Recommended,324160,19399483,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Holmberg,"UWUI have literally no words for this masterpiece, I watched the anime looong ago and :After Story really made me cry like a baby, now when the VN came out on steam I was like ""Well I don't want to watch the Anime again because I don't want to feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥for 6 months again but I should at least try the VN"" then I click ""play"", I start hearing the music and I instantly start bursting out in tears and FML I'm geting depressed again.This Visual Novel is containing so much feels that I don't even know what to do with my life, if you're happy and you feel great about life and then decide to go into Key's Visual Novels or their Anime you will be forever destroyed so it's up to you!"
76561198087647750,Recommended,324160,32625897,Posted: 21 June,all,lindbergkaige,"If you're a manly man who never ever cries and thinks feelings are for sissies and liberals, then you should probably go somewhere else. Otherwise, I'm not ashamed to admit this VN made me cry a lot, and it'll probably make you cry a lot too. 10tears/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,324160,24506507,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TheSpyroFan12,"Let me ask you a question. Why are you reading the reviews of this game rather than just insta-buying it?In all seriousness, Clannad is a great experience that is worth the time. And considering it will take about 70+ hours for the complete experience, £29.99/$49.99 is worth the money. Maybe buy it when it's on sale if you want to get it for cheaper, but seriously though, you need to support this game so more games made by Key can be released on here!For the story, there are 10 main routes that must be completed before unlocking the 'main' story. These routes can be done in any order and many of them will send you on an emotional rollercoaster. I recommend playing one playthrough without a walkthrough, then using one to find out what the key choices are for the other routes, although this isn't that important to do so. Just be prepared with tissues. If you don't cry at least once, then you probably aren't human.Even with the emotional ride this game will take you on, there are plenty of comedy scenes to help lighten the mood throughout the game (mostly the early stages of a playthrough). The scenes with Sunohara and Akio are the best in my opinion.I rate this game a solid 10/10 and definitely suggest you buy it. Seriously. Buy it. BUY IT NOW.Also, when other Key games like Air, Kanon, Little Busters and Rewrite come on Steam, you should buy them too. BUY THEM!!!!Also, Kyou is best girl."
76561198166070948,Recommended,324160,24436679,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,isaac13_13,"... Well, I did it. It's been a fun, but long, journey. I played this game to almost completion. (dangopedia is at ~90%, that's all.)Was it all worth it? Yeah, I can say yes to that.It grew me as a person. I listened to the music, and the emotion that was conveyed in this story... and I did cry.It was a good journey, up that long, long hill.(Btw, $50 is a bit much, wait for a discount if you can)(buy the music!)"
76561198137997266,Recommended,324160,24523711,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,starkdeath,I liked every path of this visual novel and have compleated all of the *specail paths* (ones you get the acheavment for) and they are mostly good by my standard.This has made me cry and even if you have seen the anime and know what happens you might still cry.This was still goos even though i watched the anime first and that is because all the other paths are nicely developed.(the dangopedia is a nice touch)Now is the time for the bad about it.The fact that you have to get every choice right to get the *orbs of light*(the things that you need all of to get the bonus conntent). and that is all that i have to say.
,Recommended,324160,23173437,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,CB007,"Clannad starts out as a seemingly innocuous school life VN with mulitple routes but turns into much, much more.The story touches on so many things that happen to people as they go to school and move on start their lives, jobs, and families in this case. Triumphs, tragedies, insecurities, self doubt, the meaning behind living and dealing with death. You will laugh out loud, and if you really read this story and take things seriously, it's very likely to cause you to shed tears of sadness and joy several times before the end.Is it flawless? No, I think there are stretches that go on for a bit too long and some of the character specific routes resonate much better than others. The art is a little weak, but that can be forgiven due to the age of the title. Any complaint pales in comparison to the emotion the story can bring out in a person. It's really caused me to spend time reflecting on my life.Anyone who likes visual novels owes it to themselves to play this story, regardless of the cost of the game."
,Recommended,324160,25435939,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Plankton,"The second VN that make me cried (the first one is Katawa Shoujo) and the second VN that makes me laugh so much (the first one is Yuki Sakura). This is the best VN that I played on steam (for this time). Unlike the another VN, Clannad has many branching choice that makes you confuse without walkthrough. Story and music are absolute masterpiece while the art is 'so so' for me (they just convert it to HD).The visual novel version content are more complete than the anime itself, but I wouldn't recommend to any of you who doesn't like visual novel, reading, or patient. The experience that visual novel give are completely different than the anime so note that before buy this.PS. For the perverted guy or some people that think this is a H-Visual Novel, sorry but this VN not contain any ""you-know-what"" scene"
,Recommended,324160,28923363,Posted: 1 January,all,Ket,Love this VN each the routes had thier very own unquie theme. The art style doesn't stand up to more modern VN but that's due to being fairly old. The music is beutiful one of the best OST.
76561198048648905,Recommended,324160,32685136,Posted: 23 June,all,That Comic Guy,"To start of with the obvious this is an amazing VN, that much is clear. But there are a few things to consider if you're thinking of buying this:1. Even by Visual Novel standards this is extremely a long read, like between 100-150+ hours to complete so be so be warned if you prefer your VN's around the normal length of 30-50 hours.2. This VN is one of the first that made VN's popular in the West, but saying that this hasn't aged well as it did come out in 2004 and today's standards of what VN's are different.3. Even the most diehard fan of this VN would tell you the pacing in this is snail's pace so if you want to jump in, beware its a very slow burner.4. The Characters are all amazing.... Well expect Nagisa she is very irritating so it does affect the enjoyment of the ""true route"" and the After Story as she is the Canon love interest which is a shame as others like Yukine, Kotomi and Tomoyo suit so much better but oh well.5. Despite it's age this VN is still full of heart, charm and humour that still matches up well with today's standards.So in closing if this was 2004 I'd give this VN a solid 8/10 but now in 2017 I'd give it a more realistic 6/10 due to it being just not as good as today standards like I mentioned above. But still is one of those VN's you have to read at least once as if you don't you're just a damn casual... Haha"
,Recommended,324160,33077520,Posted: 1 July,all,Celestinyaa,"Probably my favourite visual novel, next to Fate/Stay Night.You will end up putting a lot of hours in however if you want to 100% the story.Nagisa best wife."
76561198163973809,Recommended,324160,30016630,Posted: 18 February,all,Kaji,"This game has a lot more to offer then the anime, the anime was amazing but this.. This stry has 10x more emotion and more depth the anime does it also has so much to do with so many side storys going on. Iv only gotten 3 done out of who knows how many and im almost at 30 hours each scenario is a good chunk of time to do and its such a comppleing story. If youre worried about this just being a repeat of the anime don't. Its a full on story and it constantly keeps you worked up. I dont think iv cried more in a game since the Last Of Us."
76561198385185292,Recommended,324160,33266146,Posted: 5 July,all,silverxcalibur,"I've Been an avid Key fan almost my entire life and i've gotta say Clannad is easily and without a doubt one of my favorite visual novels (Awesome anime too!), beautiful artwork combined with vivid storytelling are just a few of the ""Key"" ;) things that make this a wonderful experience and worthy use of my time no matter how many times I decide to re-play it. It has the perfect mix of heartbreaking moments that cut strait into you and leave you crying your heart out and heartwarming moments that make you feel all tingly and special inside, it's an all round 10/10 game and I hope new people will give it a chance! *^-^*""Dango, Dango, Dango, Dango, Dango, Dango Daikazoku ^-^"""
76561198052738384,Recommended,324160,34980608,Posted: 15 September,all,Scorpio,"I found Clannad on steam after watching the anime series a while ago. Held back by the pretty high price i first hesitated, but later bought it when on sale. What can i say, i really dont regret it.First i all my overall impression is basicly i would recommend the visuell novel Clannad to both, people who really liked the anime and people who are just fans of visuel novels.You get to know and to like the Charaters in the story pretty fast and can spend several happy but also sad hours with it. I shed my first manly tears at the Fuko ending ;). Even if you only play the main-route (Nagisa) you at least need several hours to clear to thing, and you wont get the full experience. So i really recommend you to try several paths to get to know all the beautifully designed characters.At last i just have to say is dont get scared by the price, even if you are short on money, you will really enjoy this gem."
76561197987471323,Recommended,324160,22959388,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,GNU/Ardouos,"A visual novel done right.  Wonderful visuals, great music, memerable stories.  This will always be a classic and number 1 in my mind."
76561198043972651,Recommended,324160,27972197,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Strategist,"This visual novel is a masterpiece. I am not going to write much in this review as most people reading this most certainly already are familiar with this title and Key's other works. I recommend this and every amount of money was worth it. I suggest you check out the other titles related to Key and Jun Maeda. Brace yourself for the crying, and enjoy! Oh and watch the anime as well!"
,Recommended,324160,30291287,Posted: 3 March,all,Enviar,"Story rich and more feels, recommended!"
,Recommended,324160,31220196,Posted: 18 April,all,Wah!,Starting the game:What a cute love story.Halfway through:Did my tear ducts just burst?
,Recommended,324160,34388835,Posted: 20 August,all,HOLYONE,clannad has such a deep and touching story the ending made me cry
,Recommended,324160,19479767,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Swobu Swaggins,"CLANNAD contains hands down some of the most beautiful stories I've experienced in any format, and can truly change the perspective of how you view life and all that life has to offer. The game offers a plethoa of choices, meaning that you can alter the story rather well in each playthrough, and each choice matter. This is also accompanied by the truly outstanding music and visuals, and getting through all of demands quite some time.11/10 would cry another river"
76561198158135479,Recommended,324160,31087299,Posted: 11 April,all,Wilq,"One of the best VN available on steam.Pros: Story, characters.Cons: Price ( I recommend to wait for sale and buy it for 50% of the price)"
,Recommended,324160,19474423,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,npwall,This game is so beutifully sad words can't even describe it.
,Recommended,324160,19379771,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,stef111007,"It's Clannad, do I have to say more? Just go and play it!10/10"
,Recommended,324160,30339124,Posted: 5 March,all,hs_,"10 datfeels out of 10, would feel again"
76561198013928526,Recommended,324160,19277147,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,DeadKing,**Saw the game on special**Bought the Game**Started the game**Heard the intro music**Cried for 10 min**Read the storyline**Paused a bit with sad background music**Cried More**Shut game down have to go to work / will play when I come backMajestic game very beautiful story
,Recommended,324160,19243499,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,SEKAI DE ICHIBAN TSUYOI HEALER,"As a big part of the story focuses on supporting characters as well as on the main cast, the remaining story takes you on the greatest emotional rollercoasters you have ever experienced. You'll go through so many emotions that sometimes I wonder how something like this was ever even written.Basically we see Tomoya and Nagisa go through their daily high school life, but how the story is tailored to mimic real life and it's abillity to make you laugh, cry, and feel emotional at such a level, makes the story of Clannad and especially After story a marvelous storytelling.The VN´s art and music is also a definite 10/10!I personally highly-recommend you this amazing VN as it's story is one of the best stories I have ever seen/read in my entire life and I'm sure the Visual Novel will live up to the same hype."
,Recommended,324160,24255510,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,lakylog (✿ =‿‿=),"Warning:Terrible formatting aheadTLDR version: This is top quality stuff.Long version:Clannad is my second favorite visual novel by KEY, and pretty much my second favorite visual novel overall. It's a very heart touching story about family and self improvement. KEY has done a very good job here, especially Maeda Jun for contributing to approximately 75% of the scenario writing, as well as composing some of the music for the soundtrack. I currently consider this KEY's best novel, despite it being my second favorite.Story:As Maeda Jun was responsible for a majority of the scenario writing for this novel, the quality in many routes remains consistent. I'm not certain which parts he did not write, but the other writers did a good job of not tracking off from the overall atmosphere of the novel as a whole, which tends to be seen when different writers work on different routes.My only complaint is that there are certain elements in some of the routes that I find very hard to empathize with and blown slightly out of proportion in terms of dramatic effect when considering the situation, however this might not be true for everyone.The true masterpiece, however, is in the After Story that is unlocked upon completing all the routes. This is where the novel shines, and this is where it will very likely leave a permanent mark on your heart, as it did with me.Artwork:The background art is very nice, and I can't find anything to complain about. The character art, however, is slightly off. The character artist for this novel is Hinoue Itaru, and I'm not a very big fan of her style. Characters' faces just look off. This is my opinion.Soundtrack:Oh boy, where do I even begin. Orito Shinji and Maeda Jun are a match made in heaven. I don't even know how to explain the soundtrack. It's hands down one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard. Even without the novel, the tracks themselves are certain to provoke emotions, unless you hate music. A truly emotional and powerful soundtrack indeed."
,Recommended,324160,23872719,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MichaelMCP,Rated G about 200 hours long.One of the most well written games ever made. The game manages to capture that special something about life where no matter what you do things won't work out; it's truly unique for that.
,Recommended,324160,20388756,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SaltyShale,"Simply put. BUY IT NOW! I don't have as many hours in this game as Fallout 4, but I feel like I'm playing this game longer than it. I'm a really huge fan of Fallout 4 (yes, even though it's not as good as Fallout 3 or New Vegas, I can look past the flaws and enjoy it.) Enough about fallout 4 though.This is the only visual novel I, personally, will play and won't stop for hours. I've tried to play the F2P ones on Steam. But their stories are kind of meh. Now, let's get going with the reivew;Clannad is a visual novel originally made by KEY studios in Japan. Sekai Project translated it this year into english. In this novel, you play (I guess it counts as playing, i don't really know how you would catagorize it) as Tomoya Okazaki, a deliquent in his third year of high school. He skips class, falls asleep, and doesn't really care about a whole lot of things. But one day, he meets a girl named Nagisa Furukawa. From there, you can choose how the story will move on. I won't say anything else, because spoilers.The characters in this game are very likable.  In my current play-through, I haven't met two characters, and I didn't complete one of the arcs, but that's just how I played what was given to me. Some of their personalities are very believable and EXTREMELY likable maybe even lovable. You will get very attached to all of the characters, no matter how little, or long you may speak to them.It plays just like an other VN, so not much to say there.There are two settings in this story; the real world, which takes place in japan (the setting for a lot of slice of life anime, vn, manga, etc. apparently) and the secon done, The Illusionary World. The real world is where most of the story takes place and where things are the best. Personally, every time I saw that the story took me to ""The illusionary World"" I didn't enjoy playing it as much. Now it is a neat sub-plot, but not as much fun. You don't get any choices, so you're basically just reading a book, but with nice pictures, a nice soundtrack, and on a computer.Artstyle is nice. It's different. But nice. I like the design of the characters. Their eyes are the size of watermelons, but that's what makes them neat, and in some cases a little bit cute (not trying to be a weeb or anything).The soundtrack is beautiful, even though there are only like 4-5 songs that you can clearly hear at every part of it. But the songs you do hear. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ Soooo goood. During the emotional scenes, the song refelcts that.All-in-all, I HIGHLY recommend this to any anime fan. ESPECIALLY those who have seen Clannad and Clannad ~After Story~. I give Clannad, a 9/10. The only downside to this game is the music, and the illusionary world segments. I just didn't enjoy those segments, now that's my opinion others will feel different. And the other downside is the music, you hear like the same 3 songs 95% of the times. 2 other songs 4% of the times. And the remaining 1% are songs you hear like once or twice, or during certain sections, certain converstions, and certain arcs, and if you don't play your cards right, you won't hear them.Also, I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY *HIGHLY* watching the anime. It's very good. My number 1 anime."
,Recommended,324160,27324107,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yuri,10/10 would ruin their Keyboard in tears again
,Recommended,324160,34927279,Posted: 13 September,all,dan4424,"CLANNAD is the story if Tomoya Okazaki, and the lonely delinquent life he leads as his Senior year in high school begins. Lonely that is, until he meets Nagisa...In short, CLANNAD is a fantastic game. The story, all the characters, my GOD, the music! The art is a little moe but it's not by any means a deal breaker. The player is immersed in the role of Tomoya, as he lives out his days in high school in the School Life arc, before graduating and getting a job later in the After Story arc, which becomes available after a number of playthroughs of School Life. However, I do want to point out, what I really liked, was that in the Misae and Kotomi route paths, the player, for a time, is immersed in the game as Katsuki Shima and Kotomi respectively. It's so interesting and unique how the player gets to play as more than just the MC and it really drived home just how heart breaking their stories are.Each story route in CLANNAD has its own unique qualities to them, and they're all worth experiencing. I do't have the time nor patience to go through ALL the routes and what each of them does well and not so well so I'll just give some important hilights. Baseball route is funny and pure comedy with no drama, it's a nice, relaxing route, but doesn't really pack the Key punch. Misae and Kotomi routes are two favorites especially with the immersion as different characters, as I mentioned above. Tomoyo's route in the first half is a bit annoying at times because they made Tomoya a really perverted MC, much more so than he is in other routes, but the second half of the route is nothing short of a masterpiece, and makes it all worth it. You see the effects and pain the passage of time can create between people. There is a character called Kappei who never made it into the anime and he is male which really intrigued me, but his route isn't all that amazing. Kyou's route is really nice and the character interations make it, but the pacing is a little too slow. It really drags for a while. Komura's route is nice, but too short. It's more of a scene than a route. Yukine's route hardly has drama and much of what they included in the anime is not included hereAnd of course, there's Fuko and Nagisa, who are just treasures who need to be protected. After Story is a whole other thing and in the essence of spoilers, I'll stop with hilights here.Kazamatsuri made a really helpful guide you can use to get through the game. I highly recommend using it. Though if I had to point out one thing that disappointed me about the game is there are a good number of uneccesary choices. They carry no significance to the plot at all and really offer a 10 second snippet difference in story. It leaves the player (or me, at least) somewhat frustrated trying to figure out what choices to make when I shouldn't need to make one. Another little issue I had was not with the actual game, but with the translations. Not in the sense they are inaccurate, but they just read kinda clunky sometimes and sound unnatural. There are also a few typos here and there as well.Overall, I would highly recommend this game. It's classic Key. Hilarious, dramatic and sad, has beautiful music, and the voice acting is great. There's also an option on the menu to listen to the songs as you unlock them in the game, which is a nice touch, and the Dangopedia is interesting too. There's plenty of material in here that did not make it to the anime so even if you've seen the anime, I still recommend you play this. I watched the anime first but still fell in love with this visual novel. Given it's running time, I'd say it's worth $50, but if you grab it on sale, you can get a prett sweet deal out of it."
,Recommended,324160,27100200,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TreeClops,"Infinitely deserves the 'I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye' award. Many tears were shed.The soundtrack is amazing, the art is great, and if you want to go down each route then you'll easily spend over 50 hours on it. Worth every penny."
76561198038163327,Recommended,324160,28848100,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,nico,"One of the best visual novel i have read, it will definitely make you laugh and cry a lot."
,Recommended,324160,30068038,Posted: 20 February,all,kusiro,I think this game requires Korean subtitles because everyone wants to try this masterpiece !!!!
76561198092712794,Recommended,324160,32748800,Posted: 24 June,all,★♥Kirigirifan57♥★,I really love this visual novel and anime.I just love Key's visual novels.
,Recommended,324160,35178597,Posted: 24 September,all,Buryzenek002,WARNING: A totally subjective opinion!One of the best Visual Novels of all time! The story characters and music is just absolutely brilliant. At first I watched anime and it's one of the best for me since beginning. When I realised that I can buy original VN I haven't been thinking long and I bought it. Money well spent - I don't have much time to play a lot in VNs but this one is an exception. I've played coulple of more before (this one is first I bought on Steam) but I can say now that it's definitely the best I played so far.I really hope Visual Arts/Key will release the other their titles soon :D
,Recommended,324160,27861413,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SukoneTei,"This is a beatiful game, I almost cry with the after story. I don't have words to describe how I feel, when I was playing this game."
,Recommended,324160,34846364,Posted: 9 September,all,JSSHEPARD,"This was the first true visual novel that I've ever played, and it remains my favorite for a reason. I credit it with my moving into anime and other visual novels from there. A good starting place and I would highly recommend it. This game runs the full gambit of emotions, so proceed with caution."
,Recommended,324160,22568822,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,doctorxab,"The visual Novel as a gaming genre is not universally accepted as pure gaming yet.But If CLANNED was created in the western world,they made it(VN) a universal gaming genre (VN) just by 1 game & marketism policy.(like trailer,adv etc).that 1 game is CLANNED.CLANNED is something like LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL movie with oscar in all catagories+ a new one of best tearflowing movie.Bcoz I have never felt that extent of (feel good+f##king pain) from any solo entertainment source till today.There is a great quote  'BETWEEN SERENETY & PAIN I WONDER WHAT IS THE EMOTION LOVE EVOKES'.Great isnt it.but in clanned its told by comedy relief YOUHEI SONOHARA (the most pathetic one,you laugh just seeing him) in CLANNED & i could not laugh.that explains a lot the situations CLANNED can create.TL,DR-I am out of tissue .can I have some more.(sob.sob.....)"
76561198004754662,Recommended,324160,22586943,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Kirby,"""They opened me up more than you did""..."
76561198000955181,Recommended,324160,20258127,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Trick box,"One of the more interesting visual novels out there, I'm really glad that it's released on steam.+ Beautiful story (make sure to check out the 'After story' if you want to be punched in the feelings)+ Wonderfull music+ Great voice acting- The character design is a bit outdated- The slow 'gameplay' is not for everyone"
,Recommended,324160,20067023,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,prototypeOEZ,"So far I have completed the Tomoyo and Fujibayashi twins' routes and so far I have to say that this game is amzing and definately worth its £30 with its possible 100s of hours of content from each route and after story mode (unlocked once you obtain 8 light orbs which you obtain from certain routes).Also, Tomoyo is best girl don't deny it..."
,Recommended,324160,20031775,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ougi of Spook,"It's incredibly easy to reccomend this game. It's as simple as this: If you've seen the anime, buy the game. It's not just something you've seen before, its so much more than the anime could ever have time for. There's 10 times the story here than in the anime, so if you're a fan its an easy choice.However, even if you've never seen Clannad, I still would have to reccomend it. It's probably hard to believe all of these people saying that this video game will change you're life, but it's nothing short of the truth. It has an uncanny ability to completely invest you in what it has to offer, to the point where I feel as if the main character's emotions essentially mirror my own. There really is nothing like it out there. It's the pinnicle of emotional story telling."
,Recommended,324160,20108463,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MistahHamehs,"Watched the anime and just had to get my hands on the original material. Story is heartwarming and a damn good romance drama, and the one thing plot-wise that other romance VNs don't do is presented in the After Story.That said, don't fall into the ""it's worth the $50 and should be worth more"" crap that some people are spouting. YOU are the cunsumer here and this VN isn't going anywhere. If you wanna wait for a sale, then feel free to do so and don't subject yourself to the peer pressure. Being a huge fan of CLANNAD, I spent the $50, but I'm not gonna tell anybody else how to spend their money."
,Recommended,324160,26022021,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,OmicronEXE,"This game was beautifully written and emotionally gripping. I just finished my first playthrough, and I feel so heartbroken over the events that happened. I can barely process it. But I recommend this for anyone with an interest in visual novels. Even with its high price point, it is well worth the money."
76561198114518851,Recommended,324160,33661443,Posted: 19 July,all,warlord cali,this is a most buy if you are into vn or dating
,Recommended,324160,35036015,Posted: 17 September,all,🍩 Watamiy,It's probably the best anime of all time and the VN is just much more than the anime was. ~feelstrain~
,Recommended,324160,30208246,Posted: 26 February,all,auragamie,"I love Clannad. It's my favorite anime and when this came came out on Steam, someone bought it for me and I was so happy. It's a beautiful visual novel. I haven't gotten far because there isn't much to do and I feel like I'm just readin the anime again. But I love it and do play it when I want to visit the world of Clannad again. So it's definitley worth the buy if you haven't seen Clannad before or if you have and loved it.Warning: THE FEELS ARE SUPER STRONG. YOU WILL CRY SO HARD. GOOD LUCK OUT THERE."
,Recommended,324160,23669500,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Rivalun,Loving playing this game. More indepth than the anime and really enjoyable. I think its worth its pricetag as it offers hours of enjoyment. Just prepare yourself for the feels along the way.
76561198085904062,Recommended,324160,27881055,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NMAk,10/10 Would Cry Again.
76561198328972391,Recommended,324160,31238801,Posted: 19 April,all,Goodminestrina,"Simply one of the best visual novels that I have ever played.It took me 97 hours to see all the routes, and all the extra stuff, it's a huge playtime for a vn and it could be boring, but I think it's totally worth it.Every single path has a great developping, even routes that are a little ignored (e.g. Yukine's).The OST fits very well through the game (Nagisa's theme = waterfall of tears)The art is old and sometimes kind of weird (well, we're talking about a 2004 game) but it's not that bad, it would be a shame to waste such a great story just because you don't like the art.Play Clannad, do it, and cry manly tears."
76561198082878525,Recommended,324160,32842560,Posted: 26 June,all,粉红Panther,Amazing storyline with tons of content. Includes some form of humor and a ton of tears.
,Recommended,324160,24819185,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Murv,"Before I start, there is a funfact; I can't play any OSU CLANNAD tracks, because I have to start to cry. Lmao, ikr.So, basically, read the other reviews. There are enough around this place. You know exactly, that the anime was great so this means that this game is also great. Just bought it geez. It doesn't need my review either, because there are just enough around this place. Prepare4OnionJokes my friend. Good luck and have fun in your life!"
76561198132824678,Recommended,324160,26035176,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,gravitationaltim,"Alright, here's a review from a jaded and critical visual novel enthusiast. If you eat up visual novels like candy, there's no reason not to think that you'll love Clannad, as most of these reviews are pointing out. But maybe you're like me and are a bit tired of outdated anime tropes taking up hours of your time for a simple misunderstanding, or because the girl is 'too embarassed'... well, honestly, Clannad has some of that too. Refreshingly though, it's really not that jarring nor frequent.Let's get the cons out of the way first, for a big purchase like this you should know what you're getting into if you have high standards. Obviously I'm in the 'you should buy it' camp, but there is still room for some eye-rolling. If you want to get every route in the game, there's a route with a creepy over-sexualization of a minor (nothing sexual happens, but she is sexualized), not to mention that route suffers from one of those obnxious over-the-top suffering scenes, where really a teacher should have been called. It's about the worst it gets though. Besides that, there are a few repetitive jokes, and semi-overt anti-gay sentiment (mostly, they say people are gay to make fun of them), and a lot of casual Japanese-themed sexism. It's not as bad as other games, but seeing as this came out early 00's, you probably shouldn't expect it to feel very progressive. The girls are pretty diverse and interesting, but every once in a while it throws in a line like, 'you shouldn't help me because you're a boy' which is like... meh, I 100% would have helped with her sewing, I'm not scared that thread is going to suck my testosterone dry... whatever.But on the positives, this is a really fun game. The main character is fleshed out very well over time, and is refreshingly honest and straight-forward for the most part. He is lazing about going day-to-day without any real goals or meaningful relationships. There are tons of different paths you can go on, not just with different girls, but interacting with different groups of friends depending on how to act. It's very in-depth with its ability to bring several elements together based on your previous actions. It's interface is also probably the best I've seen, very easy to use and helps with whatever you need.It's hard to describe 80+ hours worth of story and characters, while at the same time covering mostly just a month or so of time. This game feels professional, yet it can sometimes feel like you're just hanging out with your friends. There's lots of lessons in this game that resonated with me, and a lot of jokes that make me laugh out loud. I'm usually pretty stoic when I'm reading, so it was a pleasant surprise when it was able to make me laugh and cry. If you're like me, this isn't a crazy tearjerking festival, but it cetainly went far enough to make me tear up on the route I was most invested in. This is good though, because it means this isn't melodramatic. There are difficult things that happen, but they all feel very realistic and earned.To me, some routes felt a bit forced at parts, or maybe they appealed more to a Japanese audience, but overall the stuff that worked REALLY worked. Even characters I hated at first became dear to me in their own way. Unlike most VN protagonists, I never feel frustrated by Okazaki. He was light-hearted, easy-going, and pulled a lot of pranks. He has tons of issues to work through, but probably ended up being my favorite character of the game. It's nice to have a protagonist who's a underdog, but still feels like he deserves being admired by all these girls. I'd want to be his friend too, and it's nice to see him get off his♥♥♥♥♥and find a reason to keep going.So tons of varied content, realistic slice-of-slife with down-to-earth problems, doesn't take itself too seriously or poke fun too much, and professional interface and voice acting. It's probably not going to blow your mind like something with sci-fi or supernatural/horror, but you'll probably remember it for a really long time, like it was a school year of your own."
,Recommended,324160,29107372,Posted: 7 January,all,Wuko,Puhi Puhi!
,Recommended,324160,29961647,Posted: 16 February,all,mggy,crying simulator
,Recommended,324160,32397345,Posted: 13 June,all,Thanatos,"Just do yourself the favor and play it. Seriously, it's worth the pricetag."
,Recommended,324160,19262350,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,EterNity,"Seeing this game on Steam just gave me instant nostalgia. Having played this game in its original language back in 2004, I strongly recommend this to anyone that may be interested in a story-rich visual novel.Being a big fan of Key (キー) developed games, I've played, watched, and read AIR, Kanon, Clannad, リトルバスターズ!, and, most recently, Angel Beats! Clannad definitely has the best story and superb soundtracks of all products by Key.That being said, I have not yet played the English-translated version, the above review is based on my past experience playing on Japanese version. Do not let the high price tag defers your decision to purchase this game, with the amount of content you are buying in, it is totally worth its $40 marks.Lastly, if you have not yet read the novel nor watched the anime, just take it slow and enjoy the flow of the story. It is best to enjoy this visual novel spoiler-free and I doubt you would be able to finish it without a several boxes of tissue!"
,Recommended,324160,19297106,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,keeno,No matter how many times I played.I will still cry.10/10 best Game&Anime.
,Recommended,324160,19256121,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,chrisgendo,"i bought this so that when im judged at the gates in heaven for playing this game back in 2008, via fan translation by less legal means, so that i'll be forgiven for my sins."
,Recommended,324160,19263044,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Joshua1207,だんご　です。
,Recommended,324160,24171028,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[R2]kyros,just a literal masterpiece.
76561198036630991,Recommended,324160,24298998,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ace121,"This is Clannad, one of the best VN out there. Yes, the charecters may seem pretty 2-dimensional, but just you wait until the ending (any of them TBH). Writing this after 2 playthroughs, I can say that 300 hours will be worth it for the full walkthrough."
76561198097134278,Recommended,324160,26860943,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MdLake,every single tear makes it worth it
,Recommended,324160,27048536,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mors Victrix,"For the anime fans:It has become my favorite Visual Novel - it is that good. If you're a fan of the anime and/or manga, you'll love it. MANY routes and achivements - almost 80 hours of ''gameplay'' at the moment of writing this and still a long way to go for finishing all the routes. I suggest using a guide after you're done experimenting with the routes yourself:https://www.gamefaqs.com/pc/921463-clannad/faqs/61132p.s.: Also if you really liked it or are a big fan of the series, check out ''Tomoyo After ~It's a Wonderful Life~ English Edition'' and ''CLANNAD Side Stories''. Both are on Steam.Don't know CLANNAD?An original, deep and captivating story adapted from a popular japanese manga (manga adapted the story from a novel). Charactes are original, each with their own back-story. If you don't know anything about CLANNAD, you might want to check out the anime CLANNAD, to see if it is your cup of tea - I highly recommend it. Most people that buy this VN have seen the anime and loved it, but the VN is really good even if you didn't see it. I would recommend it eaither way.WARNING: This VN has everything: Comedy, Romance, Drama... and boy does it have DRAMA. Prepare yourself, CLANNAD makes even the toughest grown men cry like a b***h. 10/10"
76561198119613442,Recommended,324160,21431690,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,snake243X,"Oh my god so funny! okay so this game has a wikipedia like menu for all the japanese phrases and words and they has a wiki for ""cassette Tape"" This is the best thing in the game it's almost like nobody knows what a Cassette Tape is!!!!!LOL having a blast from the past like that getting it's own wiki just cracks me up.while playing this after binge watching the anime I noticed that each chapter is a more detailed and dragged epiosde of the anime. I love this game and the anime to death! the dragging i mentioned is the beauty of the visual novel you are able to see  events unfold that has an impact to one character or another but an episode would not have enough time to tell the arch in it's fullest and would have it become filler.reading an hour long episode shows you events in the anime that weren't told or expanded upon.if you enjoy a short 20 minute long story arch then watch the anime although if you want a longer more expanded story choose the visual novel."
76561198037793119,Recommended,324160,21660679,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,FullofProtein-134340,Read de VN before watching anime.50$ for the final boss of all VN? it's nothing.
,Recommended,324160,21598988,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,PlanCCCC,"I am an ardent aficionado of clannad.Shut up and take my money.If there is sound track DLC,shut up and take my money.If there is tomoyo after.shut up and take my money.If..PLS SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY."
,Recommended,324160,21692031,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,maddog796,"Greatest anime/visual novel i have ever seen. Trust me, you will not regret this. This game has the saddest story you will ever hear."
76561198281058463,Recommended,324160,21950127,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Masaki-Senpai,"I have only played through the first playthrough at ten hours of solid gameplay. I intend to play another 100h hours at leaset. this is th best game I have ever purhcased and I HIGHLY recoment this game to anyone willing to drop the cash on it. ITS WORTH IT!!!!! 100/10 BEST game ever. there are a ton of alternative endings that give this game a amazing feel to it, making the replayability high."
76561198060836687,Recommended,324160,21885039,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,splehh,"""Everything changes. The fun things, the happy things... all of it""""You just have to find more things that are fun, more things that make you happy""Despite how Clannad may change over different adaptations, I will always find this, my favorite story, to be fun and make me happy."
,Recommended,324160,21805465,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,dustytuft,One of the best visual novels out there! Beautiful artwork and storyline.
,Recommended,324160,19979468,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Crunderwood,"Great game 10/10I was very happy when the English release became available, I finished it in one night because I knew which options to take and I have made Return key pressing skills.I then managed to delete all my steam achievements - I play VN, of course I don't know how I did that, I just know that it made me very sad.Still waiting for Kanon and Air to have English releases but will make do with CLANNAD and Planetarian -the reverie of a little planet-Not talking about gameplay because I'm too emotionalSpoiler below (because I can't find the hide spoiler function (so sue me))So my one problem with this game is that they didn't get rid of the Orb of Light disappearing after Koumura's path if you have previously finished Fuko's path.Yes I know that's because you use up one of the Orbs on Koumura's path, but I get sad when I start Koumura's path with 5 Orbs, and finish with 5 Orbs"
,Recommended,324160,20530468,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Spywo1,Everytime certain music came I din't cry. You don't know me! Just becasue I've seen the anime and cried and the music brings me back! Shhh.... I can only imagine how the rest of the VN will go
,Recommended,324160,20694172,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Klepto Witch,"my favorite anime, vn, movie etc. The VN is more immersive."
,Recommended,324160,21265113,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,moocheeseify,"I watched the anime first, and then I heard that the VN was going to be released on Steam. I was so happy and sad at the same time. I was happy that I would have a chance to play the VN. I was sad because I don't want to go on another Feels Trip. This is great, probably one of THE greatest. I love Clannad and it'll stick with me forever. The story is amazing, the characters are awesome, and the music just blows you away. Add all of it together and you get something that'll last for ages.10/10If you enjoy games that have a good story and enjoyable, beautiful visuals, you'll enjoy Clannad."
,Recommended,324160,21515446,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DOPPELRAC,"Key... the company that will make you cry, and you'll love it."
76561197992676992,Recommended,324160,19655107,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,AdolfNixon,I remember playing a fandubbed version of Clannad waaay back....Damn game.... Just knowing what is coming gives me the feels.Play this game. Feel joy. Feel despair.You will never regret buying this game.But buy a box of tissues first.Trust me...
,Recommended,324160,19873949,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Chaffney,This is the most amazing visual novel ever.  Very touching and heartfelt.
,Recommended,324160,20234265,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Fuko Master,"A wonderfully written visual novel, with fun and interesting characters, plus a soundtrack that you'll keep in your heart for life. Clannad will keep you entertained for hours and hours.."
,Recommended,324160,19840153,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,zeebo30,I was so excited when I had heard that this was being officially translated and put on Steam. It's my absolute favorite anime and I'd always been interested in playing the game. I really hope that this leads to the rest of the Key visual novels being translated as well.
76561198063310201,Recommended,324160,20235535,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jagamon,"Is this game worth the full price, yes it is, how many hours can you get out of this game. Well I don't know, but I did speed through a route (hold down ctrl) and to complete a route it took me 6 hours, 6 hours, that is a lot of reading to do and guess what, you will want to do it because the story is really nice. Be warned do not try to do a whole route in a single shot. You may find yourself aboard the feels train before the end, I took time outs where  I saved the game quit and did anything but this in order to get over it. This game is truly worth it and the translators have done a wonderful job at this. Heck it if you want to know there is around there are 7+ routes you can do all with different endings as well as major changes to the story. Some parts will be the same but once you truly get down a route, you will see how different it is from most of the other ones.If I had to rate it, I'd give it10/10 for length (It is long as hell if you're going to do all of it)9.5/10 for character (Most characters in it are really well done and you can almost feel the emotion in what they say)8/10 for music, I did like it alot, but not all of it may be for you or for me.10/10 for enjoyment because I felt like I was there and I was taking part in this and at times I forgot that I  was not actually the main character (You can rename him to your own name)9/10 for the story (I can't give it 10 because, oh those feels and if you get a wrong path, oh god why, you got to through it all again.)Over all it is about a 9.8/10 for me and I say buy it, if you can while it has a discount but I paid full price and you know what, I don't regret it. I waited a long time for this and backed the kickstarter (only $2, but hey.) This game felt like what I was in highschool and what I could have been, it is great and if you do get it, enjoy it to it's fullest.For those of you who ask, I did the Tomoyo route and have it done, she is by far my fav character in this game.Keep a box of tissues handy (Not for what most of you think it's for). You will need them to wipe away the manly tears you cry as you play through the entire game and know that you can get through this."
76561198124640562,Recommended,324160,21325516,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Cold One WIth The Boys,"I have previously written a bit of a joke review for this VN, but I realised this deserves much more - a proper verdict...This VN is one of the greatst experiences of my life as a gamer - or even my life as a whole.Every single scenario in this game is a work of art - full of huge laughs and ridiculous acts from the likes of Sunohara, touching dialogues between characters like Nagisa and Tomoya, and absolute heartbreakers from almost all of the routes that will essentially leave you crying yourself to sleep and feeling more depressed than a goth during a coffee shortage for about a week.This game isn't just a one-time experience; much like the anime it's a life-changer. It will without a doubt change your outlook on life and have you thinking about it's events for a long time after completion. Timeless stories like that of Nagisa's and Tomoyo's are ones that will undoubtedly remain in the hearts of the players for a lifetime.You could call this review an exaggeration - but after playing Clannad you will probably end up feeling the same way.With a good 100+ hours available to play through-out all the routes, minigames and the after story, Clannad is worth the arguably steep asking price of £30. In fact, I would pay £500 for this game - it's a masterpiece filled with countless emotions and characters that I will never forget."
76561198274000432,Recommended,324160,21041645,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,だんご,thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssssssssssss gammmmmmmmmmmme roooooooocks anime is better but nothing beats one of the original source materials
,Recommended,324160,21059054,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Haisef | - pc owo,"I can't express my feeling,because I'm very iprassed by this novel10/10"
76561198130848625,Recommended,324160,21034926,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,yngmario,i love this game and the show
,Recommended,324160,21879992,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Simon,"Oh my god the fact that I own this is crazy.I've seen Clannad over 5 times already and I never imagined I could play the game and that it would be released on steam. I've been wanting to get it since the end of november and never got to it but now I finally have. I'm not done yet but I already know it's amazing and I do think it has over 80 hours of gameplay which is crazy. Buy it now before I goes off sale, you won't regret it.Is there any other options besides recommend cause I don't just recommend I OBLIGE YOU TO BUY THIS VISUAL NOVEL."
,Recommended,324160,20244418,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Deadscau5,"I have recently just finished watching Clannad and Clannad: After Story, which were fantastic! And now luckily i stumbled across this game as i was checking out the sales and just bought it out of impulse.This is my first review (ish-thing) and although i have a fair few games this is the first game that i felt i had to write something about as it is honestly that much of an experience.At the time of writing this i have played 2.1 hours and i'm already in love with this game and i can't wait to play through all of the different scenarios. A great feature in the game is that you can save the game 99 times which is pretty handy if you want to try each option. Being able to revert back to the previous choice is very useful if you don't like the way your current choice is going. The game's art style is just as unique as it is in the anime as well as the emotion inducing soundtrack. ;_;If you have enjoyed the Anime series then this game should be a must especially if it is on sale. Even if you haven't watched the series the game is still appealing as you're able to pick out the choices yourself without knowing what was actually scripted in the anime affect your decision.Hide yo' onions, hide yo' knives and get yo' tissues 'cause they making everyone cry out here.(May update with a score and money spent on tissues later on)"
,Recommended,324160,20370901,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Nomad360,"One of the most thought provoking and beautiful stories of the last 10 years. Great visual novel with a massive amount of depth but also many story paths that the anime does not follow. Well translated, and well worth the money. A masterpiece and lasting story of life complexities and one of the best ever told."
,Recommended,324160,23506035,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Dunciboy,"I bought this game when it was on discount 50%. I wasn't aware it was on steam so as soon as I saw and on sale as well it a was a no brainer. The art style is kinda odd for most people at the start, but you get used to it the longer you play.This game has many routes that you can follow with many choice the background locations are well drawn and the translations to english is done well.When japanese words are used they are added to your Dangopedia where the meaning will be explained all japanese words that are used in the english translation are also marked so you will never miss them.Knowing this is an older game that was upgrade to higher definition the 4:3 aspect ratio doesn't matter at all and doesn't annoy me.For the time I have played now I can say that I really enjoy it and can't wait to finish all the routes.Edit:I completed the main story routes and i'm now playing after story. All the routes were well written and had fitting endings.Edit 2:After having finished after story. I've got to say that this visual novel really managed to learn me allot of things about life and the story was very well written. This visual novel has made me Key/VisualArts fan. I really hope more visual novels will be translated to english and put on Steam, I'm especially looking forward to Rewrite and Harmonia to be released on steam.I hope in the future all their novels will be available on steam."
76561198002020495,Recommended,324160,27150466,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gumiho-9th-tail,"More than a decade after it first releqsed, it's still one of the best VNs ever."
76561198022146489,Recommended,324160,27295740,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pijero,"I watched anime few year back and let me tell you - i cried my eyes out. Then a played the game - i now the story, the routes and the endings - and still i needed bag of tissues. Great game for those people how like simple let emotional stories about life, family and there importance. 10/10"
76561198170921049,Recommended,324160,27397920,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gazorpazorpfield,Seriously one of the best visual novels and anime of all time. If your a visual novel/anime fan and you haven't played this or watched the anime then do it now.
,Recommended,324160,27626378,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,noonefromithaca,"Okay, first things first: I know it says I have less than two hours on this game, but that's because I usually play this game without internet. With that said, I'll get on with the actual review.The short version:If you like visual novels and crying, and you're fine with the giant eyes, play this.If you've watched the anime and liked it, PLAY THIS. IT HAS SO MUCH MORE CONTENT.The long version:I bought CLANNAD during a sale earlier this year. I'd watched the first season of the anime, but I wanted to finish the original version in its entirety before finishing the anime.And it was worth it.Almost every route follows the same pattern: a bit of a rough start, then everything slowly but surely improves. But just like with a rollercoaster, right when you reach the top, a huge downward plummet. Right when it seems like there's no hope, though, a light shines through. Usually, the endings aren't perfectly happy, but that isn't how life works anyway. It might seem a bit repetitive, but somehow it never gets old. Afterstory also follows this pattern, although the plummet is even worse. Won't explain why, to avoid spoilers. Just see for yourself. I'll say this, though... they really know how to make the visual novel genre work for the story itself.But anyway. The writing of this game is superb. The fellas at Key really know how to get you attached to a character, so that they can cause you extreme pain when they thoroughly break them. When the game isn't actively torturing you, it can also be very entertaining. There are a lot of hilarious, perverted, and usually both, scenes. I'm actually surprised at how many lewd jokes and scenes they threw into this. A lot of then weren't in the anime, so if you're here checking out the game because you liked the anime, lemme tell you, you'll find a lot of great content here. No hentai, though, (un)fortunately. There are also a lot of references to other media. Fuko's Doraemon carving, the stuffed Snoopy the gang were trying to get for Kotomi, Akio's Gundam collection... the list goes on. The art style might not be agreeable to some, but if you find it bearable, I urge you to stick with this for the sake of the story.If there's one thing that I don't like about the visual novel, though, it's how some routes seem forever unlinked. I mean... although some characters seem to be all right even if you ignore their route, it seems some you're just abandoning. For example, the cat. It seems Misae will find out in both her and Tomoyo's route, but what about Nagisa's? Will the canon path have the cat forever unrevealed? And Kotomi.... will she NEVER meet her only childhood friend again? I just feel bad for them. I guess that's one thing the anime has over the visual novel.All in all, though, it's a solid visual novel that knows how to get to you. Definitely recommended for anyone who likes VNs."
,Recommended,324160,28151669,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,夏目藍,Peek of all ACG games in my heart.
,Recommended,324160,28038807,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Accel zero,"Clannad as a visual novel is a great read and experience on many levels if you are into touching stories that go beyond just boy meets girl love dramas. With great characters, settings and moments that will be with you for a long time after playing the game I would recomend this to anyone who wants a good read and a touching experience. Even if it isn't my favoruite Key visual novel with Little Busters! just beating this, it is a still a visual novel that I will be reading over and over again for many years to come.Final Verdict 9.5/10Pros:-Great overall story and settings.-Touching Experience.-Great Characters.-A great variety of routes that each feel like their own with their own stories within them.-HD Version makes the game look amazing.Cons:-Even if this is just a nitpick one route in particular can feel underdeveloped even if it is considered a ""bad end"".Not going to spoil which one it is but readers will know what i'm talking about and is really not something to not get the game over."
76561198048873695,Recommended,324160,34895450,Posted: 11 September,all,Hope From Despair,"Clannad was a very special experience when I watched the anime, and I am so happy to say that it was as a visual novel as well. (And for people who don't want to spend 80 hours on a VN, the anime is a perfect substitute in this case!)I had always assumed that most romantic visual novels starred blank slate protagonists and cliched filled women, and served simple as wish fulfillment. I still hold that assumption for the majority of the genre still, but Clannad is different. Tomoya has a very defined personality, and is nowhere near a perfect character. And despite the fact that most of the routes end in romance, Clannad doesn't consider getting the girl to be the good end. The game puts the happiness of the characters first and foremost. In some cases, that means accepting that being apart is the better choice for both characters, In others, it has nothing to do with romance at all. Even though I feel like the female characters have some writing issues, the fact that acquiring their affection is not the overall point, makes them feel more real.Despite some issues I have with the writing, I think it hits at every single point where it counts, Not just the sad moments, but the joyful moments too. The amount of visual/audio gags that are pulled off through the simple presentation astonished me. I was rolling on the ground at points.Speaking of the visuals, the artstyle takes a bit to get used to. I do not think its bad per se, but it is definitely not something that I love about the game. However, it looks crisp in 1080p. Only the 4:3 ratio keeps it from looking more ""modern"" although I am not someone who absolutley needs my TV screen to be filled up.And the music, oh man the music. It is so dang catchy, I was always humming along to most of the songs. And the ones that I was not humming along with, were causing me to cry instead. It all fits perfectly wherever it needs to be.The VN did actually change my opinion of the ending. Its something I now think the anime did not nail as well. I want to get into that, so for anyone who isn't familar with the material, leave and play/watch this.SPOILERS BEGINIt never sat with me that Nagisa was saved at the end. I felt like it would have been better to end with Tomoya living with Ushio and leave it with that. I never felt like her revival was a deus ex machina, since it is built up since the beginning, but I did feel like it was too ""neat"". And that feeling started to develop even more when the VN started to confront the theme of change, much more than in the anime. Until I hit this dialogue:""Is our reaction supposed to be to say 'Ah, everything is always changing...?' But we're human beingsLiving creatures with emotions. Who fight with everything they have to keep from being sad, andfrom losing what's important to them.""That's when it hit me: Clannad is not saying change is inevitable and we should just always accept it and move on, it's saying that change is inevitable but some of it deserves to be fought. In fact, this theme is also prevelant in Tomoyo's route. Her whole goal is to prevent the sakura trees from being cut down, because she believes its a change for the worse. Once that realization hit me, the ending made much more sense. Tomoya and Ushio refused to accept Nagisa's death as a change that was acceptable and did everything they could to stop it. It made the whole end feel much more thematically relevant than I had thought before.SPOILERS ENDI love Clannad. Whether as an anime or VN (but not the movie) I will always cherish it as a special experience that constantly blew my expectations out of the water."
76561198082183762,Recommended,324160,35118168,Posted: 21 September,all,Rikuthedawnhero,A great story with beautiful music and artwork!
,Recommended,324160,35237054,Posted: 27 September,all,Mine Turtle,I'm a fan of the anime so I thought I'd give the VN a chance. I was not dissapointed! It's still just as emotional (whether it be crying like a baby or crying from laughter). And each route and characters are likable and interesting in their own ways.
76561198380563053,Recommended,324160,34828533,Posted: 8 September,all,the_last_vcr,"The best visual novel I have ever played, truely a masterpiece that makes my emotions flow every route I take, espectially Tomoyo's."
,Recommended,324160,27376535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BMW,A must-play for VN fans.
,Recommended,324160,27513251,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shadzenn,I have and always will love the Key visual novels. Clannad for many who have seen the anime already knows that this is a very tragic story. Prior to or after watching the anime this visual novel is still a must read. There is just so much more to the world that you can learn about and so many amazing stories to read.If you do wish to cry then you will for sure with this masterpiece.
,Recommended,324160,28067747,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lawyer Morty (not a lawyer),"“I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” is the perfect award for this game. Truly one of the most emotional games on steam."
76561198070345135,Recommended,324160,29274369,Posted: 15 January,all,Yorosero,Playing this will make your heart ache and probably make you a better person.
76561198234595528,Recommended,324160,27907926,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheRollingStar,Imagine if there was a game that revelled in making you cry as much as Dark Soul gets a kick out of making you die and you would have CLANNAD.
76561198080512187,Recommended,324160,27921685,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,StepItUpSenpai,cried everytime
,Recommended,324160,28021150,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shadowdog,"The anime was just a gateway drug,  the visual novel is hardcore. Once you're hook there's no going back."
76561198094148486,Recommended,324160,31010265,Posted: 7 April,all,Vance Xentan,"Maybe it's because I've become incredibly jaded in my life with all of the stuff life throws at you. Because there have been a few routes that have been rather meh for me. However there are definitely scenarios in this game that smack you in the face like a lead brick being thrown at you by Kyou Fujibayashi. I woul definitely reccomend picking up, or trying this game. However if you're anything like me there may be one route in particular that ends up sticking along with you in the long run. I would reccomend waiting for a sale for the game however if your dying to try this novel then pick it up for full price. I'm sure you won't regret it."
,Recommended,324160,32667977,Posted: 22 June,all,naschelleresc,Dont let the hours fool you ive put hundreds and hundreds of hours into this visual novel over the years through the fan translation. I wont detail anything since there are hundreds if reviews here and elsewhere explaining it way better then i can. My only advice is to ignore the hype and some what older visuals and enjoy it for what it is and see for youself why its so highly revered by the vast majority of people.
76561198238231876,Recommended,324160,32721685,Posted: 24 June,all,maple,英语看着真心累，而且中文应该更有感觉，但是为了信仰值了。
76561198044398638,Recommended,324160,27075401,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mahjong,favourite key visual novel no real need to say more
,Recommended,324160,27252013,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zim1920,"It's good, I liked it. Especially the part where I could feel my heart breaking. 8/10 would deal with years of therapy to fix emotional issues caused by this game again."
,Recommended,324160,27329513,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Biomfire,I dont eve know why you are reading this. Just buy it already
76561198244674120,Recommended,324160,27598250,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DonutsVash,"Perhaps it isn't the most appropriate to nominate CLANNAD for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” award.I'm damn proud of crying my eyes out."
,Recommended,324160,27649416,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,chigger,We tearjerker now
,Recommended,324160,27715234,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Terallis,"Probably one of my absolute favourite visual novels ever made. Though, I suppose I'm also a sucker for the romance. But I should also mentioned that this visual novel also has the most FEELS of any visual novel I've ever played. Both good and bad feels aplenty. If you have interest in a generally slice of life visual novel with very minor supernatural elements, as well as a number of story archs focusing almost entirely on romance, then I strongly recommend this."
,Recommended,324160,27749622,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GordanTravis,I did not even make it past the first Dango Dango and I have already gotten dust in my eyes!
76561198288122444,Recommended,324160,27895510,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,burningskys,great
76561198091754144,Recommended,324160,28025237,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JusOroku,Best VN
76561198122039586,Recommended,324160,28779384,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DESUUUUUUUUU~,I enjoyed watching the anime a lot so it was a no-brainer to buy this. The story is so good I love it so very much: It has bettered my life. I really liked how this Visual Novel gave you context for some words or references that were made. Revisiting this again makes me cry tears of joy.
76561197965653492,Recommended,324160,29168125,Posted: 10 January,all,Blackcrow,What can be said that already wasn't said? Buy it!
,Recommended,324160,29170588,Posted: 10 January,all,Therical,"This Visual Novel beats the anime by a long shot. If you have ever watched the anime, and even if you haven't this visual novel is a feels trip. It took me months before I bought it on a sale for CND$27, but I am 100% satisfied. I recommend anybody that doesn't mind the aimations to buy and play this VN. if you are still contemplatig whether to buy this or not I think you should watch both seasons of the anime and then if you enjoyed that buy the Visual novel becasue for me this was an amazing game and well worth the CND$27"
,Recommended,324160,30084165,Posted: 21 February,all,Tobleronedere,Bet u cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥Ps: me too
76561198005425515,Recommended,324160,30162432,Posted: 25 February,all,Chromite,"11/10""would cry again"""
76561198268588492,Recommended,324160,27402058,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dleaver7,OMG The Feels in this game are real :'(  :'(It's so good 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,324160,27903821,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AnonlyAnonestAnon,What can I say? This VN makes grown men cry. 10/10
,Recommended,324160,27923817,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BluFlaminMonky,Just start crying now; it's already too late.
,Recommended,324160,27961866,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,鳥を無くした翼,"A must for every CLANNAD fan. No more to say, you can just see and play it, not review or read about it."
,Recommended,324160,32750425,Posted: 24 June,all,..Trà..Dâu♥,"I ♥♥♥♥ing highly recommnend to buy it if you are an anime and you like visual novel <3 . This is one of the best visual novels ever. The images, the soundtracks are all so perfect. The anime is epic also and it made me cry a lot :""("
,Recommended,324160,34729206,Posted: 4 September,all,heavy makeup,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pVT_mvvZLo
76561198118680677,Recommended,324160,26820668,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yumi,"oh goodie, the best story i've ever read"
,Recommended,324160,26123891,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ChloRoN,As expected from KEY. This is one of the masterpiece.
,Recommended,324160,24077532,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,laika,"CLANNAD has a great story, rich with emotion.  It has tear-jerking moments, but is never short of humor, either.  Compared to most Visual Novels, CLANNAD has an interesting and dynamic branching path system that can be challenging to navigate, and had me consulting a guide on more than one occasion.  However, with all of the information provided, the player should be able to complete all of the scenarios with just their wit.  I would recommend CLANNAD to anyone with even a passing interest in the VN genre."
,Recommended,324160,20346655,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Saias ⑨,"visual novel is easy as hell to mess up in, but the story is extremely engaging and immersive.  i reccomend saving A LOT or else you'll be left frustrated trust me....i give this visual novel a 10/10 and i meant it."
,Recommended,324160,32915541,Posted: 27 June,all,magetime29,Bit of a fanboy of things by KEY so thumbs up anyways.
76561198066127267,Recommended,324160,30941677,Posted: 4 April,all,apple™,I need Japanese subtitles我想要日语字幕，谢谢
,Recommended,324160,31316694,Posted: 23 April,all,hellcase.com Splatty,"i brought this because i was told how much better the VN was compared to the anime and boy was that person right i loved kotomi's route way better then the 5 ive done and i personally think that kotomis route will stay my favourite after ive completed all ...... idk how much there are but i know there is 8 orbs of light to get though. overall i would rate this game highly because of its soundtrack and hilarious moments involving mostly kyou, sunohara and --> fill name here <-- (tomoya) (horrible review yes but its wort the 50 dollars or wait for it to be put on sale yah cheap B******"
76561198122880816,Recommended,324160,27892113,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CrimsonEmbers,CLANNAD is an emotional rollercoaster that will burn through the most toughest of hearts
,Recommended,324160,31398658,Posted: 27 April,all,TheFish75,"Only 3 paths done as of writing, but I'm loving it already. The game feels somewhat old considering its settings, and the visuals can be somewhat ""meh"" at times, but it's an extremely enjoyable experience through the story alone. I'm extremely excited to get through more paths in the future, and meet a plethora of characters I haven't even touched on yet."
,Recommended,324160,31514772,Posted: 2 May,all,ycleped,"My heart has been torn out and smashed time after time, and yet somehow I've never felt a warmth this powerful..."
,Recommended,324160,31813756,Posted: 17 May,all,오 빠,Beautiful game. 10/10
,Recommended,324160,27179813,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,this game is where men cry
,Recommended,324160,28185887,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Pharlain,"Great game, glad it was made possible to play by steam"
,Recommended,324160,28698989,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chino,"if you're considering buying it, then buy it seriously. Its worth it especially at this half price right now but could still be justified at full priceamazing visual novel.Summary: (minor spoilers)Basically your objective in the game is to go out with a bunch of girls and make them happy and after you make one of them happy you get an orb of light, the objective of the game is to collect all of the light orbs.Each scenario is like ~4 - 15 hours long and u gotta do like 10 (including after story) so its worth the $$$"
76561198071097009,Recommended,324160,31138654,Posted: 14 April,all,Neko Silviu,The only problem that people seem to have with this game is the art whitch looks good in my opinion.The story is really touching with multiple routes and endings and the soundtrack is on point.Just don't mind the looks and focus on the story and you will enjoy this Visual novel.
,Recommended,324160,31167628,Posted: 15 April,all,ブレイズ,"8/10 By far one of the most compelling VN's I've ever played in my life. All of the characters are unique and well developed. Their personalities are realistic. I would personally like to see all of the ""DLC"" just added into the game because you are blowing $50 on this. Well worth the money for what you DO get though."
,Recommended,324160,32882980,Posted: 27 June,all,Necrosaro,This is probably an amazing game... I could probably say more but i keep having to close it about 3 minutes in after the music starts to get to me.
,Recommended,324160,19379259,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kygun,"EDIT: Okay, I wasn't really satisfied with the quality of my prior review, and although this review probably won't be read, I still want to express my thoughts on the game.CLANNAD is a heartwarming story about finding love despite a tragic past and depressing life, and the game puts you in the protagonist's shoes. Prepare for the feels--snickers at the witty and sarcastic humor, ""aww""s at the cute moments scattered throughout, and the waterfalls of tears during some of the sad moments (but being the manly man I am, I managed to make it through without crying. Yep. Nearly 40 hours without shedding a single tear...am I even human?) It's probably going to be one of the longest games you play, with about ~1.29 million English words. Granted, this number might not mean much but here are some other works for comparison:Grisaia no Kajitsu: ~1 millionThe entire Harry Potter Series: ~1 million4 book Twilight series: 591,4344 book LotR series: 550,147Witcher 3's script: ~450,000So basically what I'm trying to say is this: CLANNAD takes you for a ride on a rollercoaster of emotions for a long, long time. Out of anyone else I know, I have the shortest playtime with around 33 hours of actual playing. It's also praised as being one of the best visual novels of al time. I think I've made my point pretty clear, but the only obstacle stopping most people from buying is the steep $50 pricepoint. However, this game will probably take you 50+ hours to complete (I mean every route, every achievement) and paying less than a dollar for each hour you enjoy doesn't seem like too bad a deal.Hopefully I convinced you to buy this game, or at least consider it! If you're still on the fence about this game, feel free to add me as a friend or message me any questions about CLANNAD/suggestions for my review! Cheers!"
,Recommended,324160,23426632,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Danku_chan,One of the best pieces of writing to ever exist.
76561198077235275,Recommended,324160,22701836,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mimsl,Perfect for everyone who liked the Anime
76561198024523999,Recommended,324160,22697222,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ToxicRancor,"This is a game that I would have never imagined would be released in America, let alone steam. Visual novels from Key are almost as good as it gets. Let this game be a benchmark for those who wish to develope their own visual novels."
76561198056070051,Recommended,324160,20315397,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GrandpappyPedro,"Watched the anime and it was probably my favorite so I picked this up as soon as it was realeased. I'm amazed at the ammount of gameplay involved and how much more is in this game than I ever thought. Honestly great, and of course, hits me hard in the feels :)"
,Recommended,324160,22906159,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Clumsy,Bought the game because I love the anime O_O ... Also fujibayashi kyou is my waifuu :)
76561198277332300,Recommended,324160,30479834,Posted: 12 March,all,Clyde the Hobo,"For the uninformed, visual novels are games in which interactivity is (often times) boiled down to a selection of choices that change the direction of the story and of all the visual novels available on Steam, ""Clannad"" may just be the grandest. It'll make you laugh. It'll make you cry. It'll blow your mind, tear out your heart and hit you where it hurts most and at the end of it all, it'll leave you begging for more.""Clannad"" may have a steep price but it's a meager admission fee in comparison to the experiences you'll have with this game."
,Recommended,324160,23134524,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,†Against My Will,Bought this game for Tomoyo's route. 10/10 no ragrets.
76561198088816688,Recommended,324160,23299122,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Andrew Destructo,"Wow, just wow. I've played this completely through and it is amazing! This is worth the price for anyone looking for a good stroy with multiple endings. Although beware, this gets heavy in the feels."
,Recommended,324160,22707514,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Gortrand489,"This is Clannad, need to say anything more?"
76561198039020399,Recommended,324160,22681093,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,GodSlayer,The feels are too strong!
,Recommended,324160,32391216,Posted: 13 June,all,Jonerys Shipper,Kawaii desu ne!11/10Would get rejected by Sunohara again <3
,Recommended,324160,19260437,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,steiN,"This game is just the best, the hype is not going down yet, i haven't bought tissues yet but i will buy a lot very soon and when i see clannad is on steam i was freaked out for 10min and i bought it, I've already played clannad but this is on steam and i can actually use my money to support key, which is my favorite thing because i downloaded the illegle version and now i finally have a chance to support it. A lot of people said CLANNAD have bad graphics but i dont think so because its made in 2003 and its really amazing to get this high level in 2003, i dont want to see the charaters gets hd version or something. The music is 10/10, i literally cried when i heared dangou family.BTW im not native american i apologize if i have any grammar or spelling mistakes :)"
,Recommended,324160,19420866,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nintendrone,"Excellent port, loads of customization and really smooth. Story is great, with loads of great characters and will make you feel connected to the world. Game sometimes gets stuck when you shift+tab sometimes, but other than that definitely a title worth checking out."
,Recommended,324160,30366686,Posted: 6 March,all,Legolas.jpg,Kyou.... that's it.
,Recommended,324160,34512978,Posted: 26 August,all,MossyDaze,I crie
,Recommended,324160,19261712,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,crazeebml99,"I got it the day of it's release, since then I have played 27 and a half hours... Already a day of my life wasted.DON'T BUY THIS GAME, IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE.. THEN DO NOT DO IT. Pleading aside, if you enjoy a wonderful story of romance, friendship, and hardship.. If you enjoy crying like a ♥♥♥♥♥, laughing like you belong in a padded cell, and finding yourself sucked deep inside of a beautiful and vast world of great emotion.. Sure then buy this game, don't say I didn't warn you. Before you know it, you'll be on both knees weeping, wondering where your life disappeared to. TIME WILL BECOME DISPOSABLE."
76561198037170814,Recommended,324160,19304038,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,AwesomeonexD,-Purchase the game on steam-Start game- Start to cry because of the music-Start to play the game- Start to cry again10/10Best VN this year
,Recommended,324160,19278743,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,yanqui,Trying to keep the rating 100% but some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ already gave it a negative review so it's only 99% now.Would cry again.
,Recommended,324160,19242247,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Jigglypuffite,Ahhh Clannad.... my #1 favorite anime. I have played a few routes of a fan patch a long time ago and the VN is just as good if not BETTER then the anime. This version is fantastic with the HD visuals and the new Dangopedia feature I highly recommend it to people!Be aware though this is a very long VN (Clannad has more text then all 3 LOTR books combined) and is also a huge tearjerker.
,Recommended,324160,29703402,Posted: 4 February,all,Bazz Games,This game is adorable. This game is funny. This game is sad. This game is gud. #teamstarfish
76561198100749973,Recommended,324160,24241216,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Akiba Rider,"I was not expecting to like CLANNAD as much as I do now. I'd seen a little of the anime when it came out so long ago I didn't remember any of it, but all I had to go off of was that it was good. In action, CLANNAD turned out to be so much more than just ""good.""Your choices will matter in large and small ways, and there are even hidden secrets throughout the game you might stumble on depending on your choices. The characters and stories are all rich and will pull you in, and by the end, you'll probably wish they hadn't when it's finally all over - because the moment you go back to the title screen with the realization that there is no more left is probably one of the biggest tearjerkers in CLANNAD, and make no mistake, there are many of them.This is the kind of visual novel I wish people were playing more of, the kind of visual novel I wish the genre was represented by. If stuff like Nekopara and the Sakura series of games are akin to junk food and snacks, then this is a rich, full course meal, with something for more than a few tastes on its spread.Whatever price you see it at, if you are a fan of visual novels, or just sitting down for some reading, when it comes to whether or not you should pick up this game, the answer is probably going to be ""yes,"" ""yes,"" and ""yes"" for you.I have some minor issues here and there, but they either pale or become completely forgettable in comparison to what a satisfying and thought provoking experience CLANNAD was overall.10/10"
,Recommended,324160,22963472,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Duck,this is my favorite vn off all time.
76561198092110622,Recommended,324160,23990196,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Rex,"Just, buy it, it is very much worth every cent, and maybe more.The game is long, I'm not done with as of writing this, Only 33 hours in.And it will make you cry, avoid all spoilers, and if you haven't seen the anime, don't watch it, buy this, play this, beat this, after story and all, then watch the anime.You get more information and time to take everything in.I've cried so much."
,Recommended,324160,26816677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yntp / Hatsune,Best Visual Ever
76561198118114128,Recommended,324160,24423672,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Belial de Requiem,First the cartoon pulled at my feelings making me cry like a baby and now the game coming close to do the same.
,Recommended,324160,23802856,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,KenzaXI,"This game really is amazing, I've only played 11 mins of this game when I'm writing the review but that shows how great I find this game. It really hits the feels, Don't worry about the money because it's worth it! The Graphics. The Voices, The Themes and of cource the Tears, all worth the price.So what are you waiting for? JUST BUY IT!"
,Recommended,324160,24120266,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,e,"in clannad you harass tomoyo with sunohara. in the spinoff you harass tomoyo with your 4 inch johnson. this one's better tho. in conclusion, the game is a 30 out of 10, kill me."
,Recommended,324160,23209835,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Kaidrin The Benevolent Neko,Fuko Ibuki!Starfish/10
,Recommended,324160,22259122,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Zenkom,this is really gucci
76561197970505538,Recommended,324160,22732609,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,seahawkseven,"My favorite visual novel of all time, though I admit to never having finished it. The fact that I""m now starting it again for the 4th time should be testament to its quality. Its just that there is so much of it, its like starting a read through of Wheel of Time. You know its going to be great, but life happens and it becomes hard to get all the way to the end. Still, Clannad does an amazing job of evoking a variety of emotions from laughter to heartbreak. I'm so happy to have a legit English copy now, along with the improvements."
76561198064491025,Recommended,324160,22584942,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Quagsir,"I would have written a longer review if this was any other visual novel, but this is Clannad. It doesn't need me to confirm its greatness. This visual novel boasts a huge amount of content and at over 100 hours in I know I still have plenty more to go. 80 hours is for the speedrunner who skips way too much and honestly, who speedruns a visual novel? Even after having watched the anime it still successfully pulls the heartstrings because there is content here that is not in the anime. All in all, a great piece of work that will always be so highly regarded. One thing that did irritate me though, is the size of the eyes. Having played several other visual novels and then jumping into this straight away soon after it was released on steam the size of the eyes did seem abnormally large, most notably on Ryou but, you get used to it very quickly. Simply put, you may not be able to justify £30 for a visual novel most of the time, but this is a great piece of work with over 100 hours of content as long as you don't speedrun. So if it goes on sale at all and you're into visual novels, don't hesitate so much."
,Recommended,324160,22747537,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Halosoulfire,"Strong story, good dialog, and the beautiful blend of tears and laughter to keep the characters fresh through all playthroughs.  As of this post I've gotten 5 endings (3 bad, 2 good) without the guides and still haven't met about a third of the cast.I've watched the original anime and it sets very well with the world that was created.Way to go guys."
76561198086922335,Recommended,324160,22748226,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Can U STFU?,"我们需要汉化版，拜托。We need a chinese translate, and this game is awesome but with chinese translate with be the best game ever."
,Recommended,324160,22790950,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,mindblaster42,FEEL THE FEEL!!!andafterthe      VoiD :_)
,Recommended,324160,20093447,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheStarfishMafia,One of the few Visual Novels on Steam that will make you cry from your eyes instead of your♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198069585256,Recommended,324160,19726805,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Аясей Эри,"10/10, would dango again."
76561198053995389,Recommended,324160,20490491,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,HiI'mHodge,Pssst... it's a starfish.
,Recommended,324160,19723754,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Hitomaru,Clannad is so great
76561198113367194,Recommended,324160,20839966,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Eastwall,"good game, but l still can't believe it beated Black Ops III's sale."
76561198124439555,Recommended,324160,20673132,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,AI_Twilight,Installs game and opens main menu... already crying.
,Recommended,324160,20336194,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Samupega,"Well, Of curse i liked it, but it turn bored, in some formsu know??Well i like how the story flows around Tomoya Okazaki, and his frinds we all know that(Spoiler Alert)But it seem to start to be boring, when u try to finish al the routes to unlock the ''After History'' u know like the April 23-25There are the same lines over and over again, nothing changes, but after these days the lines of the story change's a little bitand i'm not mad at this game, i loved it, but i hated that part of the game8.5/10(Sorry for ma english, i tried my best)"
,Recommended,324160,20636527,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Tanglepaw12,"I love this game since it's so cool, So I would like to thank the people who made such a great game I will keep replaying this game over and over again."
,Recommended,324160,20682640,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,AcidWulf,Amazing. Remastered tracks that made this Visual Novel Memorable. I cannot wait for Tomoyo After and Little Busters to come along.
76561197984951629,Recommended,324160,20698194,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,bokchoi,"I could play the game or watch the anime all day long...It's a story everyone can understand and follow.Exactly that makes the game/anime this awesome.In this VN you get to know in depth every route of each character.Simply put, it's full of emotions and tear jerking moments.Worth the money and even more!Best regards,bokchoi."
76561198108201057,Recommended,324160,23786342,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,IncestisWincest,"How do you play Clannad without crying?Simple, you don't."
76561198056942363,Recommended,324160,23361457,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Anipaper,"a truly amazing game. i would give it a 10/10 but due to some odd choices (which doesn't realy substract from the expirience)i would have to give it a 9.99999/10,but then, everything change when [the memory of Akio-sama] attacked. SCREW THAT I GIVE THIS GAME INFINITY/10. IT'S MY REVIEW SO DEAL WITH IT,"
76561198271339527,Recommended,324160,30859294,Posted: 31 March,all,Jacob,"Clannad is a fantastic visual novel in both it's storytelling and sound design. It will make you laugh, and it will make you cry but most importantly it will make you connect to at least one of the main storylines on a personal level, whether the story is about dealing with someone's death, a friend going through life threatening trouble, or family drama, Clannad has a story for everyone."
76561198032745355,Recommended,324160,27570946,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Marpode,my opinion didnt change good story like good music good...
76561198283265247,Recommended,324160,28820292,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,喀秋莎,This vn is sooooo good that i cant even find the appropriate words to explain and compliment it one of the only games that made me feel such strong deep emotion sadly everything comes to a close : ( I wished that this game would never end 10/10 would play again and again and cry definately ;)
,Recommended,324160,28831387,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mitsuaki,play game cry.... watch anime CRY even more... this story just cant stop beating me over the head with the depression stick... great story tho 10/10
,Recommended,324160,33014972,Posted: 29 June,all,kasiekat8,"Ok, this game is just, amazing. Amazing music, characters, everything."
,Recommended,324160,28211070,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MinatoU,Amazingly emotional
,Recommended,324160,31070027,Posted: 10 April,all,RyuujiTaiga,It's Clannad!!! One of the best and classics visual novel~~~
,Recommended,324160,32931685,Posted: 28 June,all,Daikee,This is worse than an overly attached person.11/10
,Recommended,324160,19279469,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Alkeriece 一匹狼,as a clear fan of the anime  ive been waiting for this port for quite some time and it's everything i've expected.10/10 feels are worth every penny
,Recommended,324160,19285913,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,BlackHeartedRose,"I loved the anime and have long since waited for the VN to come out on Steam.I really loved the storyline of the anime. I love how the VN goes into more details. There are a lot of differences from the novel, but I like the fact that there are so many different story lines and how the choices you make effect how the game ends.Will be replaying once I finish it the first time. To see which ending I get the second time.The OST is still beautiful.No dislikes at all.10/10"
,Recommended,324160,19250063,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,4zSon | Farmskins.com,"Just buy it. It be simpleThis is my 1st anime all time.BecauseIt have a well song,pretty voice and a best story. (=^・^=)"
,Recommended,324160,19415024,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TemporalDonut,I always try to do my first run of a VN keeping my decisions as close to what I would personally do as possible.I... I don't know what I expected. I got the bromance ending.10/10 would face reality again.At least I got to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Sunohara.
,Recommended,324160,19481809,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lexiam,12/10 Would cry for Ushio and Nagisa and Kotomi and Tomoyo and Yukine and Misae and Fuko and Ryou and Kyou.Only downside to this game is the price. But everything else is so awesome.
,Recommended,324160,19514888,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,794,"I missed the Kickstarter for this literally by a couple days. I've been super excited to have this since, it's definitely worth the full price. Music is on point, voice acting is terrific, and as a VN it's packed with great customization settings. Loving it so far, I really hope this brings more attention to this amazing VN and anime!"
,Recommended,324160,19244538,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Hikari Saito,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvzCmV3_12c
,Recommended,324160,19249051,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ItsThePax,Pros: ItsClannad.Cons: Its a little pricey.Buy it now.
,Recommended,324160,19278824,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,White,"This, literally, changed my life. It isnt just a game, it is a lesson of life.10/10"
76561198050859362,Recommended,324160,19283460,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Someone,10/10 would r8 10/10 again
76561198148120781,Recommended,324160,19283458,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MovingGamer,"Why should you read Clannad? Because Clannad has:1. The Place where Wishes Come True2. The Girl’s Fantasy3. Meaningful Ways to Pass the Time4. Tea Party in the Reference Room5. The Big Dango Family6. Shining in the Sky7. Memories of a Distant JourneyThese are some of the names of soundtracks in Clannad. If you want to know about other aspects of Clannad, I suggest looking at the top rated reviews, which clearly describe why Clannad is a brilliant visual novel. As those reviews exist, I decided to spend my time reading Clannad instead of writing that kind of long review."
76561198070703913,Recommended,324160,19323686,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Cd22321,10/10Would cry at a video game again.
,Recommended,324160,19260916,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,bellemere,"Played it before, will play it again.Luckily the bathroom is near my room, after all Sanae san said that there are only two places where it is ok to cry.10/10 will go to the bathroom again"
76561197994581130,Recommended,324160,19294002,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Promo,"PLEASE NERF THE CHARACTERS, THEIR TOO OPI've played this game in the past via fan translation but was never able to finish it.Why?MY HEART COULDNT TAKE IT ANYMORE! ALL THE FEELS IS OP.Oh Tomoyo best girl and if you ever want to see more of her, check the sequel ""Tomoyo After ~It's a Wonderful Life"""
,Recommended,324160,19242708,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,rinibeeny,"OMG I have been waiting for the dub of this game for freaking ever and it's finally here!!!!CLANNAD is the most moving and amazing anime/game you will ever see.  It will move you in more ways than you could possibly imagine!  I am so excited that this game is finally here <3  If you guys want an amazing experience with diverse characters and HEARTWRENCHING music, then look no further!!  This is by far the best thing that could have ever been created!!"
,Recommended,324160,19294123,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,God_of_Donuts,Best VN 2015 although the price is a bit high. If on sale its definitely worth a shot.Gabe Newell/10 would cry again
,Recommended,324160,19243170,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,atingf,"Not only is CLANNAD one of the most memorable visual novels I have ever had the pleasure of reading, it is also what really got me hooked on the entire medium itself. Developed by KEY back in 2004 who are well known for works such as Air, Kanon & Little Busters and the well known anime Angel Beats comes a beautiful story of family and friendship that I think we can all learn a little from. This visual novel is packed with 80+ hours of content, an interesting & funny set of characters, a story that will make you think about your own life and a soundtrack that brings a tear to my eye every time I hear it.If you have ever seen the anime or enjoyed any of KEYS previous works I urge you to read the visual novel, not only does it add a lot more to the story than the anime but with this release you get HD assets and the Dangopedia to help understand those cultural terms that might not make sense to the western audiance making this the most complete release of the game to date.If you are a fan of the drama/slice of life & romance genre I recommend you give CLANNAD a go, you will smile, you will laugh, you will love & you will cry.P.S bring some tissues, you will need them.... not for that you dirty bugger no H scenes here!!!"
76561198039155404,Recommended,324160,30694177,Posted: 23 March,all,Obamanibblesnoman,"I swear to god, this game is harder to finish than Dark Souls"
,Recommended,324160,19252993,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,That Darn Weeb,"This is probably the most amazing Visual Novel you will ever play!Clannad, what can be said about it that hasn't already been said. Clannad is an absolutely beautiful Visual Novel that teaches you about taking care of your friends and family and how you should always keep them close. With the brand new dangopedia implemented into the game, we can get to learn a bit more about the culture of Japan without the use of searching it on the web. Yes some of the visuals may be a bit dated, but im glad that they the original CG the way it was but made them a bit sharper and more clear. Overall, you are definately getting your moneys worth on this even at the $50 price point, especially when it takes over 300 hours to completely do everything in it."
,Recommended,324160,30684313,Posted: 23 March,all,Sunbro,I ♥♥♥♥ING CRIED ;-;
,Recommended,324160,23399257,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,vivus_mortem,*Finishes prologue**Cries*
,Recommended,324160,19356622,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Chtholly Nota Seniorious,The best VN in Key stodio.If you like VNs or anime Clannad .you should play this game.10/10
,Recommended,324160,19263391,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Roboticwonderwaffle,"I have played a majority of this on a torrent.this is one of the great vns you can ever get. Its lengthy, its interactive, the voice acting is stellarThe character art.... alright but, unique amungts its peers.For people who love stories that change and that keeps them reading for hours this is a must buy. the only other VN i would suggest is If my Heart had Wings. Why? It looks better XD thats it. sadly i cannot say to much about its story but tahts for a different review.Clannad is a tug at your heart strings that is almost strictly story and soundtrack driven.9/10 ( sorry.. but their mouths... so high into their faces..... )"
,Recommended,324160,19271505,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Bravo,This visual novel introduced me to mai waifu.
,Recommended,324160,19251182,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[HSC]Dinobubba7,"Worth all the money, hours of story rich gameplay, makes you laugh, cry, and feel all the emotions."
76561198011073028,Recommended,324160,19253385,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Hamstermannet,"I'ts CLANNAD, what do you expect other than 10/10.Little bit on the expencive side but still worth every cent."
,Recommended,324160,19259291,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,(RADIO): Need baka.,"Having  watched the Anime on Blu-Ray about 7 months ago ( and falling in love with it ), naturally I wanted to get more Clannad relavent content for my mind and eyes to feast on so the first thing I did afterwards was look for a game or VN, but unfortunately at that time they were all only translated in Japanese.Come November 23rd and we finally have Clannad in English on steam!! I can only imagine how much longer others have been waiting compared to me.Playing the VN takes some time to get used to if you are used to watching it in crisp 1080P on blu-ray before this and the anime had much better drawn characters but the VN gets it's point across to you quite well, only having been in the game for a little under 2 hours now and I have already seen a fair bit of content I have not seen/read in the anime! The VN has all the tracks you know and love from the anime as well. I look forward to seeing the paths of the character relationships as the game progresses and look into getting Okazaki with the other girls and seeing how that plays out, however I think we all know which pairing is the best xD ( dango? )As a Clannad Fan, I would give this a 9/10 ( More of a personal preference, kind of a tough one since I know this VN is actually from 2004 but me personally just going from the blu-ray anime to this kind of annoyed me but 9 is still great, the resemblence to the anime is very good with the exception of some minor details at times but the asking price of $50 is high in my opinion for an old game which isn't quite on the same level of visual quality as Tales Of Grisaia for example )For people who have yet to watch or know pretty much anything about this series I still highly recommend you get this VN, but if you want better value purchase copies of Clannad and Clannad afterstory on blu-ray then buy this later on when hopefully the price drops some so you can get yourself into more Clannad content as I am currently experiencing! :3"
76561198082873410,Recommended,324160,19260117,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,andyfan1,waited forever for thisgreat story and if the feels will make you want to cryThere are many paths in the story and there may be never ending tears
76561198032680458,Recommended,324160,19259244,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Fkingluvpizza,"For some reason, I love CLANNAD.  I don't know why I love it.  It is totally the opposite of the things I like.(As my game library may suggest.)   I have a Japanese version of this game that I can't even play.  I been waiting for the English releash ever since I finished the anime.  When this project came up on Kickstarter, I was pretty excited.  After a long wait, I purchased the game at the price of $42.  My first thought: I like it.  I played this game for a few hours, no bugs found yet.  Translations make sense and have little wiki on the side.  Never played many VN before, so I can't say how good this is compared to others, but from what I've seen so far, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,324160,19299771,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Zonnery,this NV is Feelings and more Feelings try not to cryty Key 11/10 take my money Lord Gaben
,Recommended,324160,19491280,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,changed acc,This game is good.It will make you cry.Alot of waifus are in here.Kyou is my waifu.It is made by Key & is ported into pc by Sekai Project.I love this game.100/100 WOULD GIVE TO ALL BOTANS
,Recommended,324160,28670117,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Quak Gang Gang,This Anime make me cry so I recommend this game it would make you cry again.10/10 BEST ANIME GAME EVER.
76561198141826345,Recommended,324160,33036390,Posted: 30 June,all,eliezerberlin,"It's Clannad, one of the greatest VNs of all time. What more needs to be said? (Disregard my Hours played. Most of my time was played offline.)"
,Recommended,324160,27881597,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chorindiel,"""I'M NOT CRYING, THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY EYE"""
,Recommended,324160,28336515,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Psyberian,RIght in the feels.
76561198095870135,Recommended,324160,33327815,Posted: 6 July,all,Silencer,The music is so nostalgic for a fan of Clannad and After Story
76561198013161568,Recommended,324160,19311784,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Railgun,"Well, I'll be honest, the price was a shock at first, but I still ended up buying it.Even after playing the fan made translation for countless hours to get all the endings, I still felt compelled by it, I still felt that I had to buy it, and now I'm ready to start all of this over again.For the VN in itself, it's a must have.If you like VN, buy it.If you want to discover VN, buy it.If you liked the anime, buy it.And if you buy it, prepare for a rollercoaster of emotion that will change your life."
,Recommended,324160,19282023,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,THAFREAK,"It made my day when I noticed hat Clannad had arrived to steam. A really huge fan of the anime series and had download the game with english patch I now bought it to get rid of the bugs, one of my best decisoins I have made. Manly tears are sedded when I play this game, it's a lovley story and I rcognise myself in lot of the scenes.10/10I am gonna say this there isn't any visual novel that I have played that are as impactfull as this one. They really nows how to punch you in the stomach with the feels train."
,Recommended,324160,23902481,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Solid Snake,i highly recommend you have a tissue box next to you while playing this10/10
,Recommended,324160,30973843,Posted: 5 April,all,UndyingRevenant,"emotional, lots of depth to the text, and plenty of small sub routes along with the main heroines'. i still pray to the key overlords that they'll grant me my kyou after. nobody cares about tomoyo, nobody cares about nagisa, gimme kyou kindergarten teacher happy end."
,Recommended,324160,24217551,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Slaine,"Don't let me hours Fool you, This Noval Is one of the best i have Read, The Story is a Masterpeice. As Adult Man Even this Story Made Me very emotional. Would 100/10 Recommend getting this."
76561198200993603,Recommended,324160,24047235,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Separabimur,The best visual novel i played in a long time. Can really recommend this game and look forward to tomoyo comming to steam this summer:D
76561198007146181,Recommended,324160,23950790,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Saaron,Okay i need OST and i mean atleast dango track from Nagisa scenes (without words one) anyone know where i can find it ?
,Recommended,324160,26820247,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hammiam,"It's great, the tears flow perfectly. :3"
76561197998566649,Recommended,324160,24199071,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,lastchancexi,Cons:Too longSome arcs are weakPros:One of the bestdeathscenes of all time
,Recommended,324160,25064088,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,N◌oodles~,"One of the saddest animes ever produced - ** FYI WATCH THE ANIME FIRST ** - as this is a choose your own ending game, there is many ways to end this visual novel, most of them will end in many feels had.CGI/music mode is great as an extra reward for completing the different possible paths.9/10 Well worth the money/time spent."
,Recommended,324160,26094611,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Arraetrikos,loved it liked it better then the anime
,Recommended,324160,26059669,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Lt. Labcoat,"This is a very, very, outstandingly good novel! It's sort of like a romance novel, only where the romance is replaced by actual MANLY FEELINGS rather than sappy love sap. It's not actually depressing, it's just very good at messing with your feelings.It's also REALLY friggin' long! Each route on it's own feels like it could be a book in itself."
,Not Recommended,324160,33313843,Posted: 6 July,all,cabfe,"English here, French review below.After all this time I heard good things about it, it was about time I read it myself.Well, people who are saying that it's among the best VN ever written must not have read a lot of them. It's not bad, but it's far from being among the best.Little Busters, from the same studio, is better in every aspects.Can we say that it's an overrated game? Yes, despite its qualities.This Visual Novel can deliver good stories (Tomoyo, Fujibayashi) as well as mediocre ones (Yukine, Kappei) and the rest (Kotomi, Fuuko, Mei...) is just average in regards to others Visual Novels.Note that if you play without following a guide, you might end on a badly written route and be left with a bad impression.As for Nagisa, she's supposed to be the central female character. The most developped, the best written one, but she's not. She's obnoxious, her personality is boring and her way of talking too. You have to really fall in love with her to put up with her for five minutes.It's a shame to fail such an important character in this story, since you don't care nor feel anything when she meets problems.After that, the After Story part is not much better. It's long and often boring, to the point that anything can happen and you won't care because you have no emotional bond with the characters, especially Nagisa.Although the psychological evolution of Tomoya follows a logical progression untilthe birth of his daughter, what happens next is unbelievable, in the wrong way. It destroys the relationship between the player and the protagonist, making him do stupid actions, incoherent andout of character. It's hard to keep relating to him when he suddenly acts like a pr!ck. I understand why the writer did itthe link with his fatherbut it's very badly written.And above all, there's a lot of junk. What I'm calling junk is all those hours reading nothing. For hours and hours, neither the story nor the characters gain anything. There's no progression. That's exactly the kind of junk that must be cut in a real novel. There's no reason to keep it in a Visual Novel. It feels like the game has been written to boast ""we've made a X hour long game with X characters!"" only that it's an example of what should be cut (some characters add nothing at all) and the game would have been better without those millstones.The other game, Side Stories, makes a better job at telling its stories because it goes straight to the point. No fillers, no useless characters. If only the original Clannad had been written like Side Stories...I'm putting a red thumb on it, not because the game is bad, it isn't, but because for the same price and mostly for all the hours you'll spend on it, it's better to read another VN.-----------------Depuis le temps que j'en entendais parler en bien, il était temps de le lire moi-même.Et ceux qui disent que c'est un des meilleurs VN n'ont sûrement pas dû en lire beaucoup. Ce n'est pas mauvais, mais c'est loin d'être parmi les meilleurs.Little Busters, du même studio, lui est supérieur sur tous les plans.Peut-on parler de titre surcôté, overrated ? Oui, malgré ses qualités.Ce Visual Novel est capable de proposer de bonnes histoires (Tomoyo, Fujibayashi) comme de médiocres (Yukine, Kappei) et le reste est juste dans la moyenne de ce qu'on peut attendre d'un Visual Novel (Kotomi, Fuuko, Mei...).Du coup, si vous jouez sans guide, vous risquez de tomber sur une histoire ratée et avoir une mauvaise impression.Quant à Nagisa, elle est censée être le personnage féminin central. La plus travaillée, la plus réussie, mais en fait, non. Elle est pénible, sa personnalité est fatigante et sa façon de parler aussi. Il faut vraiment être amoureux d'elle pour la supporter plus de cinq minutes.C'est vraiment dommage de rater un personnage aussi important dans l'histoire, car du coup on ne ressent rien quand il lui arrive des problèmes.Finalement, l'After Story ne relève pas vraiment le niveau. C'est long et souvent fatigant. Du coup, il peut arriver n'importe quoi, on s'en fiche parce qu'on n'a pas de lien émotionnel avec les personnages, surtout Nagisa.Et si l'évolution psychologique de Tomoya suivait une progression logique jusqu'àla naissance de sa fille, ce qui suit juste après est illogique et détruit toute la relation entre le joueur et le protagoniste, en forçant des décisions incohérentes et stupides. Difficile de continuer à s'attacher à lui quand il agit subitement comme un♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fini. Je comprends les raisons de l'auteurle lien avec son pèremais c'est très mal amené.Mais surtout, surtout, il y a énormément de déchet. Par là, j'entends toutes ces heures de lecture qui n'apportent rien, ni à l'histoire ni aux personnages. C'est exactement le genre de truc qui doit être coupé dans un vrai roman, aucune raison de le garder dans un Visual Novel.On a l'impression que le jeu a été écrit pour dire ""on a un jeu qui dure X heures et avec Y personnages !"" sauf que c'est un exemple de ce qui aurait dû être supprimé (certains personnages ne servent absolument à rien) et le jeu en aurait été meilleur sans ces boulets.L'autre jeu, Side Stories, s'en sort beaucoup mieux pour raconter ses histoires car il va droit au but. Pas de remplissage ni de personnages inutiles. Si seulement le jeu Clannad de base avait été écrit pareillement...Je mets un pouce rouge, non pas parce que le jeu est mauvais, ce n'est pas vrai, mais parce que pour le même prix et surtout toutes les heures qu'on peut y passer il vaut mieux miser sur un autre VN."
76561198044766735,Recommended,324160,19240149,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,TechnoGod,"ART: 10/10VOICE ACTING: 10/10STORY:10/10Honestly  ive watched the CLANNAD anime countless times and have fallen in love with it before i even knew the game exists. When i found out about the game i was floored to find out that you could go on different girls routes and that the VN goes deeper into each girls backstory / character development. I am so excited to play their routes and have a feels train take me to different destinations along the way. I would advise you to buy this game if you are into deep story, good voice acting, awesome soundtrack and hours of gameplay to keep you from doing your homework."
,Recommended,324160,19240911,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Cocconator,A legendary visual novel finally comes to steam.Kyou best girl.
76561198041796178,Recommended,324160,19242530,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Hal,"Before i begin this review, i want to point a few things out, firstly ive never played a visual novel so i wont be comparing it with other titles, secondly I love everything about clannad (if i knew about the kickstarter I would of thrown money at it) and its easily one of my favorite animes meaning I could be seen as biased, Finally I will be updating this as I go along dont worry I will not spoil a single thing as I believe this story must be watched by all VN, anime or by other means.With that said lets begin, a long climb.3.2 hours (first thoughts) - Ive gotten up to where the 1st episode ends in the anime. I cant believe its taken so long to get to this point and have had lots of different choices to make, does this mean I can go way off the main story line of the anime if I so wish? I dont know not looked into it to be honest. All I will state right now is, the development team have done a great job on the HD remastering and the music giving me that nostalgic feel and has made feel the rush when I first watched this show. I did think the price was steep, but after seeing the size of this game I can honestly say it justifies the cost entirely . Finally I love the dangopedia, a databank thats keeps hold of all the words or phases you come along your journey and explaining them in detail once you come across them.As of right now I can recommend this to anyone who loved the show or likes a heartfelt romance, If youre unsure about it, go and watch the anime as I really believe this story should be viewed by all  (PS buy some tissues)."
,Recommended,324160,19269989,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Big dick Bazuso,"If you have even a SLIGHT interest in Anime, romance stories or Visual Novles, this game is a must. It's the perfect mix of Comedy, romance and sadness. All I can say aswell is be prepared to be commited to the game. This is NOT a short game. The rest of the reviews are acurate. This game, like the anime, will resort you to a bawling child."
,Recommended,324160,23848185,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,You-know-what,11/10 Cried like a little girl who dropped an ice-cream.
,Recommended,324160,25052012,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zartorg,An unembraceable starfish doesn't have any reason to exist.
,Recommended,324160,25256579,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,blackWind,"Main girl is worst girl, but that's not enough to ruin this game."
76561198161286738,Recommended,324160,23863157,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,KITTY129,A masterpeice just like the anime.
,Recommended,324160,19241145,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Otakon273,"Key and Jun Maeda. Key Sounds Label and Lia. And of course Dango.You need more reason to read this masterpiece?100 ""Съешь ещё этих мягких японских булок, да выпей же слез. ∞ из 10.What's next? Maybe TYPE-MOON?"
,Not Recommended,324160,27925618,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Miku-Sama,Visual Novels at this price should havea wide range of resolutions....
,Recommended,324160,19242981,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,huh,HYPE. If you liked the Anime then buy this. or just buy it even if you havent.
,Recommended,324160,19267679,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,-Signo (ret),A masterpiece. 10/10
,Recommended,324160,19246538,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,xonia,"if you're ever going to get a visual novel, this is the one to get.10/10 would buy again"
76561198145787393,Recommended,324160,32969097,Posted: 28 June,all,CrazerCoCo,Love it a lot! BUT:we need Chinese!!!we need Chinese!!!we need Chinese!!!we need Chinese!!!
76561198113699266,Recommended,324160,19244307,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Inusoragirl,"I admit I was very excited for this and just was a major fan of the original anime. The game itself is really nice and it feels great to finally be able to see the visual novel that inspired the anime. The music is very nice and calming, The dialogue was as funny as ever and of course the voice acting is well done. Im excited to see more of the game!"
76561198151971636,Recommended,324160,19244355,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Dameros,"I've had a fan translated copy of this game installed on my computer ever since I got my first one, and I always come back to it to go through my favorite routes (Kyou/Ryou, Tomoyo and Nagisa) or the whole game. I've spent hundreds of hours reading, laughing and crying along with the wonderful characters and their poignant stories. To finally have a quality version of this game, and be able to show the authors how much I love Clannad is a wonderful thing for me. My only regret is not knowing about the Kickstarter which started it all, or I would have funded the heck out of it."
,Recommended,324160,19245446,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Lightking813,It's a great VN and it's good tho for 60 NZD that's rather steep and it's great having the dangopedia and achievements and the over arcing story is amazing overall tho other than that the games♥♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing (i've completed the fan translation before hand) i think i'm gonna lose another month relearning routes mixed with my slow reading and having to re-read things
,Recommended,324160,31179574,Posted: 16 April,all,Sjon-Ballon,Animal abuse.10/10
76561198231154168,Recommended,324160,19246745,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,tokumei4,"One of the best visual novels ever created, Clannad has an absolutely breathtaking story and enough content to keep you enthralled for a long time. The 50 dollar price is absolutely worth it."
76561198078530792,Recommended,324160,19248591,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Zerosen,I've been waiting for this
,Recommended,324160,19248693,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,⛧Aiwass_418⛧,Kotomi is best grill
,Recommended,324160,19662351,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,MyBigStud,
76561198318554839,Recommended,324160,30352615,Posted: 6 March,all,mikej2310,One of the best vns i ever read
,Recommended,324160,19245322,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Zin,Dango.
,Recommended,324160,29900406,Posted: 13 February,all,NavKor,"It's Clannad, what is there for me to say?(Not recommended for people who can't read XP)"
,Recommended,324160,19264955,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,MrLolamig©™,Good game
76561198070757816,Recommended,324160,19244521,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,A Skilled Roy,skipping nagisa and going for the fuko-chan ending right away because im a rebel
76561198086902353,Recommended,324160,29809343,Posted: 9 February,all,Jim Carry,Story: 8/10 (to be honest i would have prefered a bit less of the super natural stuff)Chracter 9/10 (lets face it who does not like the Fujibayashi twins).Overall 10/10
,Recommended,324160,34430459,Posted: 22 August,all,Jewtaro Chango,Like dark souls but with a good story.
,Recommended,324160,19833296,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Static Single Assignment,Please. Make Charlotte a game and bring it to Steam.1000000/10 will buy this game at full price to satisfy my memories with that girl who watched so many Key/VA works with me again
,Recommended,324160,19245436,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,OavatosDK,feel a feel
76561198072787915,Recommended,324160,29453220,Posted: 23 January,all,KuroMiko,The FeelsTrain is strong in this one ;_;
76561198072612373,Recommended,324160,29449080,Posted: 23 January,all,Kasperen4321,like 98% of the reviews say. Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it.
76561198317555634,Recommended,324160,29579868,Posted: 29 January,all,moriya_suwako,for the birth of me....
,Recommended,324160,32757855,Posted: 24 June,all,Holacom,i hate fuko
,Recommended,324160,32420421,Posted: 14 June,all,(:,It's good but! Go to n hentai is beter cos you can fap to your waifu of choice
,Not Recommended,324160,28207855,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ZeldaHime,"I want to love this Visual Novel but the artstyle just makes me want to rip out my eyes. Faces look really unnatural, weird (Yes even for an anime style) and doesn't even stay entirely consistent depending on their angle of view. As you'll be spending a lot of time in front of these i honestly can't stand it.If only i could get over the art quality i'd be totally happy with this as i liked the anime adaptation a couple of years back and have been dying to try this one out. But i just find it unbearable and therefore i'll refund it considering the asking price isn't what i'd call on par with the quality i'd expect. Though if you are a person who finds all the screenshots appeasing enough then i'd say go for it.Edit: Just to clarify. This is simply my opinion and impression. I'm not saying it is objectively bad, just wasn't what i expected."
76561197998687345,Not Recommended,324160,20149173,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Laukku,"*sigh* I really wanted to like Clannad. I really did.Other visual novels I had completed before this are YU-NO and the Muv-Luv trilogy (not to mention countless real novels), and I fully expected this to be superior to those two due to dealing with something as serious as family and coming-of-age themes in a realistic setting. I waited over half a year for the Steam release and instantly bought this when it arrived. Well, having reached the True End after 50 hours of reading, I have to say I was disappointed. It was extremely difficult for me to enjoy the story because it's riddled with so many dramaturgical blunders, the major ones being:Cartoony characters and forced drama.Most of the cast is made of generic moe/harem characters, and not very good ones at that. There's a Shy Clumsy Girl, a Tsundere, a Kind Woman, a Manchild, a Dumb Comic Relief Friend, and so on. Many of them don't behave even remotely like real, complex people do (with a few wonderful exceptions like Yoshino and Tomoyo). The worst offender is Nagisa Furukawa, who is the first girl the main character meets and the main love interest, and the likability of whom the After Story section relies on. To put it bluntly, she is an imbecile. She acts like a five-year-old, never achieves anything by herself, constantly needs support from the protagonist Tomoya, doesn't have interesting chemistry with him, and is just plain useless. The last straw for me was this: At the moment when she - who is supposed to become the president of the drama club she wishes to recreate - revealed that she had never even SEEN a play before, I instantly lost EVERY SINGLE BIT of remaining sympathy I had towards her. Hence In After Story,when she dies of childbirth, all I could think of was ""Good riddance.""The pacing is also far too slow relative to the amount of actual story content. Most of the time is spent on these so-called ""slice of life"" sections, which are supposed to develop the characters, but are mostly filler in actuality. The result is that the plot takes ages to get going. After Story is not much better for the first few hours: Tomoya starts life as an adult, getting a job and his own apartment and so on. Aside from an admittedly good mentor-apprentice relationship, this part is not told in a particularly engaging way, it just... happens. Slowly.Most of the routes in School Story (first half of the VN) follow roughly the same formula: Tomoya meets a new character, many hours are spent getting to know their gimmicky personality, then Sad Stuff happens, and finally Tomoya fixes everything. Maybe we learn their parents are dead, or maybe something unfortunate is about to happen to them. Real drama comes from CHOICES: it grows naturally from elements of the plot such as the protagonist trying to attain an objective, interactions between characters with possibly differing goals and worldviews, mistakes they make due to weaknesses in their personality, and difficult decisions and consequenses. The ""drama"" in Clannad on the other hand usually comes from the authors forcing misfortunes onto the characters (Muv-Luv Alternative is also highly guilty of this) and appeals to the lowest common denominator, the prime example being Kotomi's backstory. I believe the problems of the drama come from the mindset the stories are made in. You see, Key, the maker of Clannad, is a company that specialises in producing these things called nakige, ""crying game"" - that is, games that are supposed to make you cry. There's nothing surprising about the ""sad"" stuff once you can fully expect it due to the genre, and it's even more ineffective when I couldn't care about most of the characters. It's just poor melodrama and feels shallow and exploitative.One of the most famous, supposedly tear-jerking scenes happens near the end of After Story and deals with Tomoya's relationship with his father. Well, after 45+ hours of waiting for that payoff, I found that it resolved it in an incredibly contrived and anticlimactic fashion. Tomoya basicallyhas a sudden epiphany after a talk with his grandmother (whom we've never seen nor heard of before, making her a deus ex machina) and decides to become a better person, just like that. (And there's some crying thrown in to make it more ""moving"". Jeez.)The themes and lessons taught in Clannad are safe and inoffensive, aimed at making the reader a better person. ""You should be considerate of your family and the people around you."" ""Hard, honest work pays off."" ""You should accept that things don't always go the way you want and must look on the bright side."" ""You should search for a better solution in situations that at first don't seem to have one."" And so on. I gained very little from these as they were either something I myself already had figured out a long time ago or even some cases fundamentally disagree with. In real life I've dealt with far more complex and nuanced social situations than I encountered in Clannad.With all this this complaining, you could get the impression that I think Clannad is bad. Not quite. While I find it incredibly overrated, it does have plenty of redeemable qualities. There are well-written characters and routes (Tomoyo Sakagami's, Mei Sunohara's and maybe Kappei Hiiraki's), and there are demonstrations of good responsible behaviour and life wisdom here and there. Tomoya has beliavable, interesting relationships with Tomoyo, Yoshino andUshio. Youhei Sunohara is a good source of slapstick and comic relief.In the end, I felt I had most of my time wasted and wish I had watched the much shorter anime adaptation instead, and I recommend you do just that. Or maybe you will enjoy this more than I did, who knows.EDIT: I found these insightful articles on the Internet that discuss much more in-depth than I the weaknesses and strengths of Clannad (based on the anime version). Beware as they contain spoilers.http://wrongeverytime.com/2013/04/27/clannad-a-critical-overview-on-character-development-dramatic-structure-and-thematic-dissonance/https://subtlechaos.wordpress.com/2012/12/03/why-clannad-is-overrated-in-the-form-of-a-review/https://subtlechaos.wordpress.com/2014/10/01/why-clannad-after-story-is-also-overrated-in-the-form-of-a-review/"
76561198151075524,Not Recommended,324160,31517926,Posted: 2 May,all,Brambachacer,"For this review, I'm probably going to get some thumbs down from a psycho fangirl with a shrine dedicated to Tomoya.If you are said fangirl/guy, feel free to leave said thumbs down and exit this review now..........Good.  Now if you're still reading this, then know what I say next is only one opinion and should be taken with a grain of salt.This game is boring.  I was really excited to finally buy this highly reviewed game, and paid a lot for it.  But that doesn't change the fact that two and a half hours in I still have found no intriguing plot arch to keep me interested.  You're a teenage boy in high school, with stereotypical anime-girl characters and that's about it.  If you think I'm exaggerating, wiki it.  But if that's your kind of thing, go for it. Just know that it is very veeery slow.And that I did try to warn you."
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,324160,21906363,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,天诛,"First let me say this : I like CLANNAD. It's an all time favorite of mine. I own original DVD's including After Story, I bought official soundtrack available in Japan ( which was WAY too expensive to get... but I really liked the songs so it was worth it ). Also I played it OFFLINE hence very little time is displayed on Steam.I was hesitant whether to buy Clannad on steam, most reviews were not helpful or honest and written by fanboys/girls. I didn't want to pay 29.99 GBP for the story that I already knew, music that I heard countless times... and yet I bought it. I bought it to support Key, I would like them to release more of their Visual Novels here on steam.That being said I do feel dissapointed. Don't get me wrong the art style is ok albeit a bit dated but in HD. Story is the same as anime and it seems like everything is there BUT here's where the experience sucked for me.* Small spoilers ahead *There are some new routes and jokes that weren't present in the anime which is great BUT those that are similar to anime lack visual impact and motion. Let me explain : Tomoyo kicked some bullies on motorbike which looked awesome in anime. They added cheesy spectator view and made her look badass.In this Visual Novel the only thing you get is Okazaki looking out of the window only to comment on what is happening. Yeah that's it.Next example : Remember when Sunohara wanted to join the drama club? Okazaki had thought : If this was and RPG... Then in anime we had cool RPG hud displayed and all three options chosen. While in VN there is only text... yeah. It doesn't deliver the impact that anime has.There is more examples like this so VN feels a bit poorer in that aspect.OK,OK someone might say : OH BUT(T), VN has more content! MOAH CONTENT! More jokes and it expands a bit more of the story!Now calm down you♥♥♥♥♥ Yelling doesn't make your argument helpfull. Yes it does have a little bit more than anime but I found out that in some routes like FUKO it doesn't really expands ANYTHING. It's the same thing that anime had! SAME FLIPPING THING. Same ending except you get LO! Two different CG... and slightly different dialogue.I've seen it in anime. It does not add anything to my experience.You know, I'm not caomplaining. I could look pass those points that I have stated. After all it's and old Visual Novel with a new paint on it. It's a classic so I guess I'm being picky BUT there is one thing I will not back down. CHOICES.Yep you heard me. Choices the game gives you.When I started playing Clannad I wanted to go with Tomoyo route. Oblivious to the fact that her route * SPOILERS * is blocked... Yep you heard me. I ended up with a bad ending. You need to do FUKO and MISAE routes first to get to Tomoyo route. WHY? I felt so angry that I have to do two routes I didn't really wanted to do... In the end you have to pretty much stick to anime's path to get in the general direction. When I started the game I didn't know I had to do Fuko and Misae first. The game DOESN'T TELL YOU. You must magically figure it out by failing...So I went with Nagisa for a while ( in anime eventually Tomoyo shows up ) and I thought there will be a branching to Tomoyo route BUT NO. It won't show up. Instead I somehow got myself on Fuko route WTF? That wouldn't be half as bad however I didn't do everything PERFECTLY ( all the choices have to be JUST RIGHT ) and I messed up her ending... Didn't get to wedding day. Only to CG scene.To sum it all up. WHY OH WHY, game dev's thought it would be a great idea to set up mines on players route only to watch them fail over n over again. There is around 50 + choices to make in Fuko's route. If you miss important ones YOU ARE DONE. You won't get the happy ending. Sometimes its easy to guess but other times you find yourself puzzling what the heck did I do wrong?! I wish the game valued my time a bit more. Game devs 1, player 0. GG.I like choices but at least after failing couples of times give me hint. Highlight important choices or something. Because it will get confusing and furstrating to waste time.., trust me. Anime in that regard is just a pleasantry.It's not a standard Visual Novel. You need to invest time and after many fails I recommend using a Walkthrough... hopefully spoiler free one.So can I recommend the game? Yes to those who haven't seen the anime but for those who have anime WAIT for the price drop. Save yourself frustration.I heard that Tomoyo's After is being worked on which is great. I hope KEY will release it on steam. Go Key go!"
,Not Recommended,324160,29119511,Posted: 8 January,all,Elcrest,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Here I was buying this game because it was half off and I just finished watching the anime, but little did I know it was a stupid dating sim!I requested a refund but steam said you can't play it for over 2 hours (I played it for like 30 mins and left it open for 2 hours because I had to do something)This is exactly like the anime and very boring!If only I could get a refund on this :("
,Not Recommended,324160,24111848,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,D4rkZ3r0,"Awful voice acting, the characters look and sound like cockroaches, no inklings of nudity within the first 10 minutes, what a waste of $20. Refunding."
,Not Recommended,324160,29459400,Posted: 24 January,all,Vaapukkamehu,Boring♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,324160,26971239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NecroXBR,"♥♥♥♥ the ""review"", this is my recommendation and encouragement for anyone reading this to buy it.The story is sooo good that I played through the same stuff, once again...(not even considering the fan-translated from 2009[?])Some people may say that Clannad is a cliché mainstream♥♥♥♥♥♥ I higly disagree with them. Since there's not a whole lot of fictions and novels that deeps in the ""slice of life"" category. Huge story short, it's a guy, lots of love interests(interesting characters) and the narration of this protagonist dating and going VERY FAR(trying not spoil it) into the every day convivence basis and romance. This apply with your ""canon true love"", but, you have at least +8 hours for each love interest(aka. route). There, lots of story, certanly can make your money worth it.OH! And keep in mind that the original VN dates back to 2004. It's gorgeooous to play it in 16:9(goes without saying, but, instead of 4:3...)One of Key's finest visual novels, with not the best UI... pointless/irrelevant, but Key's old VNs always gets on my nerves thanks to the ♥♥♥♥ing UI :PJust waiting for Little Busters, may all VN masterpieces cluster in Steam."
,Recommended,324160,26960738,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ska Cat Manifesto,"If you wanna convert yourself from a Man to a crying Neet, this game is perfect for you. Plus I wrote this so I can get a badge for steam nominations."
,Recommended,324160,26984669,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Poliex,One of the best VNs ever. 10/10
,Recommended,324160,25116797,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Alex,"Clannad will drain you emotionally and kick you while you're down. I've honestly never been hit this hard by any other media.One of the most emotionally involving stories ever written and something everyone should experience at least once, whether it be through the visual novel or the Kyoto Animation anime adaptation."
,Recommended,324160,24987732,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,JY♂Lee,"Definitely recommended game, it's a legend of galgame of Key with impressive story line"
,Recommended,324160,26287922,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,LeGeasSta,Nice background sound and beutiful story
76561198254464820,Recommended,324160,24704806,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mr Space Man,"CLannad is a great VN that is easily worth the 25-50 dollar price admission it cost to experience the story it has to tell. At times it can be really funny, dramatic, and very serious. If you have watched the anime and are still curious as to what happens in the game itself then go for it and buy it. For others that haven't played i strongly recommend you buy it and play it with the help of a guide. Without the help of a flowchart it is very hard to achieve a 100% completion rate."
76561197960827211,Recommended,324160,26689669,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,#RacingFanatic,The only anime and VN to actually make me cry.P.S. Tomoyo is still the best :)
,Recommended,324160,26701573,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SiegeCJ,"Talk about getting destroyed by fictional characters. Before jumping into this, I read all the reviews mentioning how it's impossible to go through this VN without crying. Thought to myself, ""Well...I survived KS, so how bad can this be?""...I got destroyed by Clannad and I'm not even fully done with it while I'm writting this (meaning I still need to go through the infamous ""After Story"").Even the side routes that I didn't think would matter ended up putting a lump in my stomach. It is that good at what it does. It's pretty damn long and I found myself skipping A LOT of Sunohara dialogue, but if you're into VN's, just jump straight into this one. Each route has something great to offer and it has A LOT of content. I'd say it's well worth the $60 for the emotional roller coaster...but if you're not THAT into VN's, then grab it at a sale.WARNING: EVEN GOOGLING THE NAMES OF THE CHARACTERS IS SPOILER TERRITORY, so watch out."
76561198198426722,Recommended,324160,26591215,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,T-ShirtKnight,This is perhaps the most touching story i've ever read. Each individual character seems to come alive throughout this piece.
,Recommended,324160,26548069,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MakeItTotter,Incredible story.Incredible soundtrack.Incredible characters.Feels of all kinds........I can't recommend this game enough.  Don't let the high price tag scare you.  WELL worth it!
,Recommended,324160,22925568,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Xellsaurus,Played it weeped it before it was on steam.Bought it on steam. Can't transfer savefile. Doesn't regret playing it again from the beginning.10/10 Will howl sadly in the middle of the night again.
76561198026191965,Recommended,324160,24149285,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,|STE|Thekill9714,"I was first introduced to Key with the anime adaption of this game, I did not however start with the original and rather watched After Story without knowledge of the game or other anime adaptions based on them. I would in turn latter watch other works that were based on or related to Key such as angle beats and learned of the games. In time I found myself interested in a kinetic visual novel named Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet (Which I am very interested in the movie coming out for it.) This at the time was one of the few games on steam with the anime style which I craved. It was an amazing Gem that I had found and I finished it on new years day as people were celebrating as I was to be blunt crying over a game. Around this time I found interest in these games and searched far and wide for a copy of games such as Clannad, with a few fake versions out there I lost interest in trying. I did still find interest in studying the game and Key. I then found out that OtakuUSA was putting ads out for the new English version of Clannad. My hype went up but I was not able to get to it till recently due to the sale prices allowing me more room for spending. After playing through a portion I had found the game to meet each quality the anime and their other works had given me to expect.Mainly the characters are very interesting and become very charming to an extent as you play and feel as if you are in the game, it helps to add in your own name making them yell at you with your name (With san added) more interesting and comical to me. The art in comparison to the original version from japan has improved but not as much compared to the giant jump of other visual novels such as Higurashi, but this is mainly since the art was already very well done alike to their other works. The art also as I should note mainly focuses on giving the characters big chins which always reminds me of the game that was panned in the world god only knows called One Leaf that had the character Yotsuba Sugimoto with her big chin small face.Along with this the lines and story in general takes you around a natural organic line of emotions that allow for a human element to be felt. Another great inclusion in the game is the Dongopedia which allows non Japanese players to have a better grasp on what the characters are talking about which without it would probably be many lost jokes and poor understanding, it however would be hard integrate so much cultural understanding into the game in a more organic or natural form as it would both bog down the game with exposition and two cause many troubles with the story in general. I personally like the immersion of the game and would love a working naturally way to allow for this understanding but really the only way to get it is living there for sometime.For the music it may at times feel off from what you expect, I am not sure if it fits with the tone or area always even know the music is lovable and amazing, it mainly gives me the feeling I am descending from the heavens or some magical place. It is amazing and I enjoy listening to it but the above remains true no matter how much I like it. At times it works out for some amazing scenes though, with the game Planetarian I felt the music often depicted how the scene was very well and allowed for alike amazing scenes though such as one where you watch the character aim his grenade launcher at a large machine.This game had in turn spawned many titles from makers inspired, wanting to do better, or to compete. In turn I played many games that clearly have inspirations but also can relate my past experiences to this game. I view many of these visual novels as experiences in general so its greate to be able to relate so many to this game which in turn means it is doing a good job at pulling both on my emotion and nostalgia. For example Nagisa Furukawa speaks about how she was unable to be at school due to her sickness, this reminded me somewhat of narcissus somewhat ( A more serious and more depressing case of sickness) which in turn made me feel even more sorry for her even know the situation was not as grave as in the other game.For a cute factor the characters are mainly cute thanks to their relatability, humanity, and conversations that allow you to bond to them, in comparison to acting cute and looking cute you have games such as Nekopara (Which when not on steam is an eroge and also has many hentai products.) Even know Nekopara is a fun and good game It lacks that bonding and relatability to the characters which make these as said earlier experiences. Clannad is mainly a clean fun and emotional story. It does not try to play to being about satisfying your wants and rather goes to telling a story that reaches the human element in us all and does so masterfully.For interaction there is a fair amount and can be considered a dating sim almost due to being a harem based anime game where you are most likely as a player trying to have one of these characters fall for you. These being called paths in the dating sim game genera. I would consider it a dating sim myself but very tame compared to others, the decisions are not as frequent as dating sims and the game mechanics are not based around dating such as other games like Huniepop and newer dating sim. The choice you make do lead you down paths still that can lead to love but the focus as said is more on story.So lastly I would recommend this game mainly on it being an amazingly well written story, and with all its options it allows for a multitude of ways for this amazing story or stories to be told. I find most problems to be more comical then deal breaking and do not detract from the game at the slightest. Along with recommending this game alike recommendations would clearly be all the other Key studio's works both anime and game Planetarian being most notable, Keys anime and Manga are also amazing in story and art and if you find interested in this you may find interest in the all female group clamp and its  works. Even know their art is more stretched looking it is amazing. For another visual game developers I would recommend stage nana makers of Ame no Marginal -Rain Marginal- and Narcissu."
,Recommended,324160,24267758,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Shmocito,"I was first introduced to CLANNAD through the Anime and absolutely loved it.  I then bought the After Story sequel.  The music was so good that I imported the game soundtrack and Anime opening CD sets from Japan as well as a PS2 copy of the game.  I have recently purchased the blu-ray version of the show.  All that being said this game is FANTASTIC!!!!  I love getting the anime story lines retold in much more detail as well as countless more stories that they simply could not fit into an anime.  You get to make key plot point decisions that sometimes really affect the way the characters interact and the events that unfold. I will HAVE to play through it multiple times.  The voice acting is also phenomenal and really, REALLY adds to the emotion you feel when experiencing the story.  The HD visuals are also MUCH better than I originally anticipated and look fantastic on a 1080p or higher screen.  There is a bit more foul language than I expected but that does not detract from the emotional impact of the stories you experience.  Also the new additions to this version such as the Dangopedia really make it feel new and fresh and provide explanations to some of the very-Japanese references.    I am a fan of this ""series"" and would HIGHLY recommend it to others both the Anime but now especially this game--This IS the best way to experience the game CLANNAD; buy it now!"
,Recommended,324160,30068924,Posted: 20 February,all,グレーペン,masterpiece
,Recommended,324160,25078081,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Snail,Best VN I've read so far
,Recommended,324160,35461432,Posted: 3 October,all,Idolhell,Nice
