user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198055725838,Not Recommended,324260,15214619,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DomMikhail,"Let me first start by saying this is a ""No, for now"", not a ""No"", as most of the issues I see are fixable and the dev team does seem to be involved in discussion.Simply put, despite lots of apparent customizations, they fall absolutely flat. There is very little point to choosing a class as you can easily get the starting skills/gear of one class with minimal playing early in the game. The skill trees fall into 3 catagories: offense/defense/make money; there is no unique skill to be seen for skill development besides the ability to see what ores an asteroid will give you before you mine it, flying bigger ships, and I'll even count driving in reverse at an acceptable rate. It's true that there is some playstyle choices to be made here as to whether you focus on combat or money earning, but at the end of the day you'll still need combat skills in order to defend yourself, so there's no incentive to go for one specialization over another besides ""I wonder if I can"" (yes, you can, does it make any difference in the core gameplay? no.).While character customization is flat, ship customization is concave. Choose from 1 of 4 weapon types, make sure you skill up the ones you want so you can use them, then find the 1 or 2 ship frames with decent stats that allow you to use them. From there attach passive items to fit your playstyle, and get the biggest shield you can. The stats from ship to ship are woefully similar, 95% of the time you're going to care about only 1 thing: does the ship support the weapons I wanna use? Armor, hull plating, cargo space, manueverability etc are for the large part similar providing it's a ship in the same class. It's not so much ""design your own ship"" as it is ""find the one with the right weapon slots and put stickers on it"".The quests are the largest downfall for me here. Most of your time is going to be spent in autopilot taking object from station ""A"" to station ""B"", then report back to ""A"", or ""go blow up this one bad guy and come back"". There are a few exceptions, the fleet combat story missions are particularly noteworthy, and there is a cute quest about ""hacking"" which relies on actual programming knowledge to get through (non-required so no real penalties for failing, but refreshing to see a ""click through"" quest break the 4th wall in subtle way like this).The hopeful part is this: There are ways to improve customization using what is already in the game. Expanded skill trees, class-skills (even if passives like aforementioned mining skill), unique story options are all tools that could be used to diversify character development. Ship customization can be expanded upon with additional content. There are already a few interactive bits of ship design with modules like the EMP, more active and less passive options would make it feel much more unique. More and far more diversified ship frames will open up design space and has potential to actually allow players to make meaningful choices about the paths they will take in the game.Some of these fixes are already or will be made available through modding.But I can't in good faith recommend a game that needs mods to deliver on its promise. So, ""No"", for now."
,Not Recommended,324260,17384108,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,[mefi] superspeck,"This game has everything I like in it. Spaceships, free exploration, trading, mining, missions, and an optional story. If you liked Privateer and always wanted a 2d version of Privateer, that's almost exactly what this game is. And that might be enough for some people.Unfortunately, the game is lacking polish in many respects. There are plenty of weapons, but aren't enough ships, engines, and shields to really create the kind of ship that will work well in the game. I think that the devs figured players would create these assets using mods, but the only mods out so far are cheaty ones. The economy is a bit off -- ships are a bit too cheap for what they are. There's no ties between resources being available and stations having more products or anything like that.Piloting needs some work. Colliding with NPCs is far too easy (in fact, it's the only maneuver some NPCs know). Most player ships can't turn fast enough or move their weapons fast enough to target NPCs without themselves striking NPCs.XP and leveling needs some work. Right now, the only way to level up quickly and easily is to shoot things. You can't level up easily by trading, hacking, or mining, except at the most basic levels. That might be because there are ways to break the system at later points in the game, but that just means that the system is weak and needs polish.There are distinct periods of boredom in between being able to do things in game. You finish the first couple of missions at level 3 or 4. You can't take on the next storyline mission until Level 10, and can't upgrade ships until Level 15. To get to level 15, you need to clear approximately two low-level systems of pirates. That's a lot of pew pew pew. And it's only reasonable to gain that XP by going pew pew pew, even if you classed as a miner or trader.I don't know right now if the game will age well and develop a following and some decent mods that will fix these problems. I haven't looked too closely at modding yet. There's a ton of promise here, but unless you're really grabbed by the story, there's very little good reason to play the game past the initial few hours."
,Not Recommended,324260,15230931,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Wilson [MG],"The developer needs to finish this and create an actual game before I can recommend it.  Great engine, decent multiplayer netcode, lots of potential, and super easy to mod, but a SEVERE lack of content (almost as if the developer expected modders to  complete the game for them), and a completely asnine multiplayer mode that makes playing past level 10 pointless BY DESIGN.  I was so excited after the first hour I set up a dedicated server and began pimping it to my gaming community.  By the second day playing it I'd done literally everything there is in the game.  Definitely regretting buying this one in its current state."
76561197970925803,Recommended,324260,16007543,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Dagit,"Good:Relatively inexpensive game.Fun combat.Great visuals.Good RPG elements.Good autosave.Good replayability. I beat it three times and I think there is still at least one ending I haven't seen.Supports mods.Bad:Crashes to desktop for me about one in three hours of play or so, not a huge issue because it saves frequently.The story telling overall is weak, even though quests often have interesting options.Combat appears hard at first, but late in the game it's too easy if you power up everything and fly the best ship.If you are fan of games like Escape Velocity or SPAZ then you need to play this."
76561198006595204,Not Recommended,324260,15238183,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sikareus,"At the risk of sounding a litle too ""me too!"" I feel obligated to weigh in on this game. It has the potential to be great, and I love the art style and mimalistic UI, but it doesn't have enough rich content yet. If you read no further, wishlist this title and check on it from time to time. I don't think my ""no"" will stick forever.For those of you with longer attention spans, I'll expound a bit. VoidExpanse is the type of game I'm really wanting to sink my teeth into, but can't. Similiar titles in the genre include things like Spaz and Drox Operative (definitely check both of those out for similiar (but different) experiences. VoidExpanse gives you a nice-looking sandbox to play in, but doesn't give you all the toys necessary to have a good time. The skeleton is all here, but the experience feels empty a few hours in.There simply isn't enough breadth/depth to what you can do to (or with) your character. The classes and ship options are fairly one-dimensional, and the quests are still pretty rinse and repeat. I'd love to see more dynamic quests involving attacks on space stations, some kind of hacking interface/skill tree, true smuggling runs, more interaction (even the ability to join) with the pirate faction, etc. The game just doesn't do interesting things with it's own universe yet.I love this game for what it is, and for the price point I'm still happy with my purchase, I'm just hoping that they take this brilliant foundation and build something atop it. I know there are countless ideas floating around the community - let's hope some of them see the light of day."
,Not Recommended,324260,23530810,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Master Beta Tester,"I loved this game. Although others weren't, I was impressed witht eh graphics, and overall story options. They even include free deicated server software. Each of those features is great.However, unknown to me, or my friends, the multiplayer is NOT I bought a four pack to play this game with my friends, which we did and enjoyed every second, until it abruptly ended. Not even four quests in, the game tells us that we've reached the end of the possible multiplayer quest and can continue the game in single player to experience the rest of the story. What? This is a multiplayer game, but only a percentage of the game can be played in multiplayer mode? And it's not like I can transfer my character to a single player game, each server/game is a fresh start.Overall, I'm incredibly disappointed with the game. Yet another unfinished piece of work released and advertised as a full game. For shame."
,Not Recommended,324260,15262642,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Riolis,"Great combat, but suffer a massive downfall of a lack of content. Most of the playtime is used mostly travelling between space station. The content is lacking massively and the quest is excruciating painful to play and boring.I don't see the point of randomly generated world where there is barely anything you can do in it. You can destroy a pirate station but it doesn't effect anything in the game world, like making it safer and such. The faction doesn't grow or decrease in size with your interaction. You can't help your faction to setup new station nor they can be destroyed. Faction NPC do nothing but sit in station and just give a scripted quest (just ONE quest then they are useless forever). The astroid is static and doesnt move or dissapear when you mine. NPC pirates randomly added into the world but just stay there or chasing an npc freighter and then return to their spawn point and stay there indefinately.Trading is badly simulated as there is NO production station and NO demand station. Just the station price just change randomly change without making any sense. If you go to the capital system with 3 station you can make 200k+ just by trading between those station. There is no point to travel to the fringe station where you expect the demand is higher, but its not, everything is same price with the station you were on. Its just pointless RNG. (~_~)This ""Meaningful trading system involving trade routes and supply/demand simulation"" is a lie. sad face. I was really looking forward for this.In short, the world is dead, cold and pointless, with very few interaction. Nothing much to do but to follow the boring fetch quest. Great tech demo, but very far from a complete game like space ranger or SPAZ.I like the combat tho."
,Recommended,324260,15436027,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Ichy 42,"I can't really speak to multiplayer as I haven't gotten into it yet but my solo experience thus far has been a lot of fun.I started out as a fighter, I knew that combat was going to be prevalent no matter where I went so I wanted a little head start in that department. After taking a good look at the skill trees I decided that I actually wanted most if not all of them so throughout my playtime I have been carefully managing what I invest in next. The game can be a little grindy, especially if you've *chosen* to grind as I have, but it's always felt rewarding. Getting that next skill, being able to buy and then use that shiny new hull or weapon or ship upgrade is satisfying.A lot of zones unfortunately feel a little empty. Filled to the brim with pirates and aliens and in some cases more asteroids than you can mine in half a day, yes, but still empty as from a certain standpoint they're essentially just waypoints to your next stop. Hopefully in the (near) future we'll have more interactivity with these places if the game evolves to a point where we can actually claim and populate them. Extended main storylines to send you to more places would be great, too. All the same, if you're in need of exp or loot to sell it's easy to just pick a zone whose agression level is close to yours and have at it.Storywise it's pretty solid. You'll have access to a few missions to raise your rep with three of the factions before you actually join any of them. The main quest for the two I've seen are pretty short but well written and the difficulty in terms of how aggressive the zones you'll be visiting is pretty steep so your first playthrough with a new character will feel a lot longer as you level and gear up. There are also missions you can do for the commander at any station you visit. They're selected randomly from a preset list and it's totally up to you if you want to accept them or not. I found that fact to be irritating as I was only really interested in bounty and mining missions, thankfully loudent2 published a mod that allows you access to the whole list so you can just pick the one you want. Much more convenient and a must if you ever get frustrated at the random factor.There are a lot of items and upgrades to choose from at the beginning, which is awesome, but as you get into the higher levels (I was 146 at the time of writing this... yes I was lazy and copy/pasted my three day old forum post. Deal with it :P) you'll find yourself invariably with the same set of gear as most people; primarily speaking a dark matter generator, a dimensional fuel tank, and either a Hammer or a Death Bringer hull. And lasers. Lots of love for the lasers :).This is where modding really adds more life to it all. Last week I wanted a (much) shorter range laser that did more damage, I made one. It uses way too much energy imo but I made it, I use it, and so do a few other people now that it's on the Workshop. Then I wanted a rapid fire ballistic weapon that shoots fireballs, made that too. It's a little OP for anything under aggression level 70 or so but it's fun all the same. Got tired of shields, made new armor plating. So my modding skills are amateurish at best but more importantly I'm having a good time doing it, even learned a thing or two about XML along the way. Taking that into consideration, there are a lot of other people writing fantastic mods for the game and publishing them fairly regularly, it's been just over two weeks and there are 50 items in the Workshop already (albeit some of them are translations and don't really affect the core gameplay but I imagine they took a LOT of work and it's quite appreciated to a lot of players). It feels like there's always some cool new user made content to check out and maybe take for a spin. Maybe even share a few of your own ;).All in all it's a great game. Simple yet very well written, looks fantastic, controls are solid, great support and frequent updates. It has a lot to offer both in terms of content and expandability and it's a lot of fun, right to the point where I started playing one morning and actually forgot to eat anything until mid afternoon. Definitely worth the pricepoint.Can I click yes twice?"
,Not Recommended,324260,15344127,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Evan,"It's a work in progress. It has a lot of potential, but it should really be an early access title.It's definitely playable now, but pretty much everything needs either more work or more content. Load times for save games and new systems are pretty long. Combat is really repetitive (and you'll get used to it because it's the only sane way to level up). There are few options for ship and weapon, there are quite a few but generally only one at any given tier so it's ""oh I can afford the next ship/gun up I better swap them out."" Modders are adding content faster than the devs, but the devs set up modding so that once you use a save file with any mod it permenantly needs that mod to load, there is no removing it if say you don't like it or it completely breaks the game. Back up your save files.I was a die hard fan of the Escape Velocity games when I was younger and I really wanted a worthy successor to them in this game, but although many of the same elements are there pretty much all the things the EV series did right this title fails at. There's no real feeling of exploration because the procedurally generated systems are all identical other than color scheme and number/strength of bad guys. The storyline missions are uninspired and linear. And there aren't enough options in ships and outfits to make it feel like an inhabited capitalistic universe.I have hopes that enough of the rough patches will get ironed out as further patches come out that I feel like my money was well spent, but I'm not going to keep playing it while they fix it, and I can't recommend that you do either."
76561197970635329,Recommended,324260,32415883,Posted: 14 June,all,Wegadin,"This is a highly underated game, and if anyone is on the fence regarding it, I would highly encourage you to buy it.  Ship controls are similar to S.P.A.Z, which makes control of your ship very easy and intuitive.-Mining is also fun, enjoyablable, and relaxing.-The skill tree is great.  You have to really choose what skills you want, as even when you are level 55, you will not have evertyhing you want.  This is a good thing, as you will have to choose wisely as to what you want to be.  You can progress beyond that level, but it just takes a little more grinding (for a hefty fee, you can ""wipe your memory"" at a science station to try out new skills).-3 weapons types- Lasers, ballistics, and missles.  Each field is very unique with its own progression and tiers.-dozens of ships, and with the inclusion of the expansion, you get a battleship after completing the Pariah campaign.-Sector control, as you liberate systems from alien-infested hives.-trading-bounty, courier, mining, and trade missions from starbases.-customize your ship with different shields, engines, armor, boosting components, weapons, tools such as mining gear or EMP's, etc.This was a very enjoyable experience for me, and I am extremely glad I bought it."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,324260,22873729,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,stuguy909,"This game is OK.  If you haven't played a top down 2D space adventure game before, try Endless Sky on steam, it is free.I don't mind playing reading games, and this game has a lot of text dialogue, so be warned.  The story is not terrible, but it is not that great either.  The graphics are not bad, they are actually quite decent for this genre.  There are a lot of side quests, but they aren't interesting like Space Rangers 2 HD.  The combat is so so, but becomes pointless when you get a good ship, late game weapons, and high level combat skills.  This game turns into a drive around simulator, and I got tired of autopiloting through repetative star systems and fighting the same 3 pirate ships over and over.  I mean, 99% of the galaxy seems to be pirate ships.  It stopped being fun after a few hours.If you are really considering this game, I recommend waiting for a steam clearance sale of 75% off or greater.  Somewhere under the $7 USD mark.  Space Rangers 2 HD is better, and Endless Sky is free."
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,324260,18400651,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Sinatr,"Very polished and extremelly dull game. Let me quote some guy words:.. The combat is best described as two dogs fighting on an ice rink...you slip and skate around and awkwardly line up shots at way too close a range ..How is it possible to invest so many hours into testings, graphics, design and completely forget about gameplay? Multiplayer is absolutely dead and I can tell you why: game become boring after playing just few hours. Beauteful background, smooth animations and.. there is nothing to do. Yes, you do quests, you get levels and money, but it feels pointless.AI is too primitive, Ship's design.. kek.. I have no idea what guys were thinking, best trading/mining ship hes such an ugly weapon placement, I wish designer to have a car with 5 wheels.. one at place of driver. Weapon selection is not that broad. Loot is pretty generic, from start of game you can get right into best tech sector.. where is slow exponentional progression???Not recommeded unless it costs 1$ because it's the game for two evenings max. Not the worst evenings tbh."
,Not Recommended,324260,15256056,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Gabeux,"Note: People who are comparing this to Space Rangers are simply out of their minds.This game is one of the few Top-Down Space Shooters that I actually found the core mechanics (like combat, maneuvering, control scheme, etc) fun and entertaining. Don't get me wrong on my veredict - I really loved this game's core mechanics.However there's not enough content or variety, at all! The universe is dead, and you're the sole adventurer and explorer of a place full of pirate ships that are spread around like MMO mobs, stopped in place for no reason.Civilian ships are nothing else than rare cosmetic sights and don't add anything to the game.It's definitely worth to be on your watchlist. But playing it will comprise of long grinding sessions, and long travels just to get a little bit of money.It is a little fun once you get a ship that's strong enough to clean a whole system in one go - but playing the game feels empty and pointless at this point.I can only hope that the developers will make more content and make the game at least a LITTLE alive - because their base game is actually well made, but it doesn't look like a finished product at all.AtomicTorch - you have my support to make this game a real thing. Until then I'm sorry, but I simply cannot recommend it."
76561197979382241,Recommended,324260,15425708,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,-daRAGEzilla,"Exactly what I was looking for, and with so much potential.Mining, trading, killing pirates/aliens, while taking the galaxy back from the invading aliens.Much simpler gameplay than titles like Eve, but also much less time consuming.Play it single player, but also multiplayer with my 10 yr old son. We have a blast.So much that can be built from the framework, and a great development crew @ the helm.Can't believe this game hasn't grown in popularity..."
,Not Recommended,324260,15212322,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sha|)ini0,"The basics are there but this project is still in its alpha stages at best.Pros:-Interesting concept (sort of like a more real-time FTL with ARPG-like elements)-Attractive graphics and music-Game works well within the 1st 25 levelsCons:-After a few hours in (or beyond level 25), you realize that the game has offered everything it possibly can-Progress suddenly becomes repetitive and any updates are really shallow-Lots of random crashes for a ""finished product"" and issues with reloading your last save.-I found myself playing mobile games while I waited for my ship to make the many jumps from system to system (sometimes, you have to make as many as 13 jumps which can take up to 10 mins even with a highly-advanced ship)-Wonky auto-pilot and path-finding algorithm that ends up killing you almost 50% of the time-And when the auto-pilot kills you, you're teleported back to the very beginning of your path so you end up spending another 10 mins playing a mobile game!-Poor combat system that I bet sounded good on paper. For good strategic combat, you're better off with FTL. If you end up playing as a trader or miner, be prepared for BORING REPETITION!-Can't really see any replayability since most quests are procedurally generated and different character archetypes don't really mean anything except for the 1st few hours of gameplay.It's an OK game for its price tag but it's got a long way ahead of it before it becomes as immersive and addictive as some other similar titles out there. Here's hoping the devs can iron out some of the kinks and spend some time crafting some more varied missions."
,Not Recommended,324260,29937210,Posted: 15 February,all,Wazat1,"Overall: Hesitant dislike.  Kinda fun, kinda meh, lots of grinding, very empty; overall lands on the negative end, if only barely.It's a somewhat fun game, but spread too thin.  In the end I had some fun, but many game sessions felt unwholesome because of all the padding and time-wasting that diluted the experience.  It's also begging for content, so I'd recommend checking out lots of mods to enrich the experience; I now regret playing the game in its original form.TL;DR: It's kinda fun, but a very thin and grindy experience.  If you're looking for a time waster, it'll be fine for that; if not, it will feel very frustratingly slow and underwhelming.  I still feel an awful, kinda gross, unsatisfied sensation, even after beating it.  Like the time was very poorly spent.  :(  So keep that in mind when considering a purchase!There's very little story, and very few actual missions beyond the random ones the base leaders give you (and those are insubstantial).  Most of your time is spent traveling, whether on unsatisfying fetch or delivery quests, or traveling across half the galaxy to reach your quest again after a death.  The last few quests I did had a ton of travel from one corner of the galaxy to the other; very boring, even in the alien areas where the enemies were actually dangerous.  I did a medium sized galaxy and I recommend you try a small, simply to drop that travel time padding.Combat is somewhat fun, but it does feel awkward.  You're fighting foes who have the computer's good aim, but you need to aim manually and this makes many of the weapons awkward and impractical to use.  You need to figure out how to move with your weapon to land even a fraction of the hits, and enemies don't appear to be limited in ammo like you are.  I also figured out early on that energy weapons are the way to go -- instead of a limit of 20 shots, you turn your entire fuel tank into ammo, and you just need a powerful generator to keep your energy levels stocked.  If I remember right, for solid ammo, the game is extremely stingy with refill items for some reason, so you'll have to return to base constantly to stock up again; this is bad for longer missions, mining ventures, etc.The skill tree is almost entirely made of tiny stat upgrades, making you turn or strafe or cruise slightly faster, or do slightly more damage with a weapon type.  A few skills unlock better equipment, and one skill (persuade) adds dialog options in quests, and the rest are tiny, incremental stat boosts; very sterile.  For that reason the skill tree feels very unexciting... yes you make your ship work better, but with my level in the 60s it was only about 25-50% better in a select few areas.  And I had to focus in those areas to do it.  The game begs for that tree to be stuffed with new abilities in combat, mining, and quests, differences in *kind* instead of just differences in scale.Also it's a little frustrating that the starting classes are not even -- some simply have way more free skill points assigned at the start of the game.  You should play the class that has the most skills you like, but also the most skills total that you plan on taking... and that means doing some google searching.That's one example of how the game feels like it lacks balance, polish, and content.Did I enjoy it?  Yea, it wasokay.  But man was it a slow grind, and I feel like a different game might have done a better job.  I walked away from this game multiple times because I felt crappy after playing it, because the experience had been so grindy and empty.  It's an awful feeling.What's impressive is the good parts were just good enough to leave me nostalgic, and I returned to finish the story.  It actually feels like they were planning a bigger game, ran out of time/budget, released what they had with plans for later expansions, but then had to abandon it when the negative reviews rolled in.  And that's tragic, because there's a lot of potential here, but overall the experience is diluted, grindy, and unsatisfying.  :(Last of all, multiplayer: I played briefly with friends, but we drifted away from the game because if felt so empty, and didn't lend itself to non-combat playstyles.  Players who primarily wanted to trade or mine, for example, felt very disused.  I hear the game cuts you off after a few missions (you can only continue in single player), but we didn't get that far, so I can't say whether that's still the case.  Maybe worth a look, especially with mods?"
,Recommended,324260,15561744,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Angeleek,"This is the first game in ages to grip my attention for as long as this one has. I like its simplicity, the graphics are nice and the combat is pretty fun. For me, I find I can just relax and fly around shooting and selling stuff to my hearts content!While I do think the overall content of the game really needs padding, as there is a lot of repetition, this game has so much potential to be brilliant! I look forward to the next major patch to see what the devs come up with. Definitely one to keep an eye on if you're not willing to buy it yet!"
76561197998964861,Recommended,324260,16277020,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Southern Wind,"You gain experience when you kill other ship, complete quest and mine the astronut. You invest your skil point to the skill trees more than SPAZ. If you set the world to the most wide, there will be exatly 100 galaxies. You will through warp gate to go other galaxy like X3. One galaxy means just one map. You can't travel to each planet like X3. You have to through warp gate by your self or using the auto pilot. There is no jumpdrive like X3. There is no SETA (special funtion in X3), but there is cruise mode which move straightly very fast.There are 3 main factions, mitilitary, traders and religions. There are 2 enemy factions alliens and parates. Every factions share the raputation with all of the galaxies unlike SPAZ. You use W,A,S,D and Q,E to move your ship. You use mouse cursor to aim. You can set the specific mouse button for fire each weapons which you installed. There are three main type of weapons, energy ,ballistic, explosive, but each weapon types have many kind of weapons. You can install Engine, Thruster, Shield, Fuel tank, Weapons, Special devices such as mining device, Boosters with special function, Grasper (like tractor beam) to your ship.Pros.You can customize your own ship. (less variation than SPAZ)Infinite level up.There is huge skill tree systems. (much more than SPAZ)Various quest lines. (more than SPAZ)Various weapons. (more than SPAZ)Cons.There is few device tech. (less than SPAZ)There is no jumpdrive which means you will take too much time to travel. (imagine that travel without jumpdrive in X3, only use the SETA)Fixed turret species for specific hull. (less variaty to customize your ship)(e.g. hull 'A' has one of the energy turret socket, you have to install the energy weapon there, you can't install ballistic weapon on there. It means if you want to use energy weapons, you have to use hull 'A'. You may don't have choice)"
,Recommended,324260,20745939,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Wretched Doom,I bought it on sale and proceeded to play for almost 12 hours straight with only stops to use the bathroom.I guess I like it.
76561198079330275,Recommended,324260,17893560,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,jacobellinger,"At first I thumb down because of bugs. The devs fixed these bugs. the game is pretty outstanding and has some great replay value. I do wish there was a few more ships to chose from and also some more lore would be nice.As it is, the game is really really fun to play. No level cap, bunch of skills to get. 1 kinda secret ship upgrade you can get. Oh yeah and black holes are a thing in this. Don't use your auto pilot near a black hole . . . just dont.Mineing space rocks is fun.Killing everything is also fun.10/10 a solid game to kill some time until the fall games come out."
76561198026119813,Recommended,324260,15545496,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,hammer2ime,I personally think for a casual gamer this is great.It reminds me of a top down basic version of frontier elite and freelancer. For a casual gamer this is great as you can dip in and out of the game with ease. Also having the open world approach means if you want to go off and do your own thing then you can and come back to the story later. Your not overloaded with stats and the customization element is still in the game. Its not got a steep learning curve and if I was asked to recommend this to someone who is a casual gamer then I would.I can't say I've spend a large amount of time on the game but so far I am enjoying this. Hope this helps as I have never written a review on a game before and thought I would for once take the time.Hint - you can wait near a jump gate and every second ship will be a pirate. The turrets will take down most of their shields which leaves you to destroy them to gain experience and their loot. I've got some awesome tech/components this way to get me started.Enjoy
76561198023809578,Recommended,324260,15664802,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dr. Rockso,"Reminds me a lot of an old game called ""Solar Winds"", but done in more of a Freespace 2 style in top-down.This game is a lot ""friendlier"" than the 'X' series of space sims with a much less brutal learning curve, although (at this time) you also can't expand as far as with 'X'... the difference is comperable to ""Terraria"" versus ""Minecraft"", both are great games and one is clearly in the spirit of the other, but they're also great games for entirely different reasons. This is an excellent little game for the price, easy to jump into and put lots of hours in, the combat is simplistic yet nuanced, the interface is simple but elegant, and there's plenty of exploring to be had.The game also has an active modding community that adds a steady stream of new content, with obligatory Star Wars and Star Trek ships (screw it, load 'em both and see for yourself which ships are better).  I'm not done with the game yet, but after about 10 hours I can say it was worth grabbing.  Highly recommend."
76561198018521522,Recommended,324260,31391360,Posted: 27 April,all,McTool,"Here's the bottom line.This type of game is not for everyone.That being said I F**KING LOVE IT.I grew up playing escape velocity and had yet to come across a game that built on it.If you enjoyed escape velocity, play this game.I scooped this on 5-6 days ago and have pumped 30 hours in.Also from what I've seen, the devs are very active and responsive and care about feedback... which goes a long way as well.Only points that come to mind as suggestions for voidexpanse2... are being able to hire or commandeer a fleet of escorts, being able to have planet's stations pay you tribute if you conquer them, and the possibility of of landing on actual planets. With trading as it stands, not as lucrative as it could be becasue there are limited amounts of inventory on the stations... which when I stopped and thought about it, was actually more realistic because it is a station of finite size. However if planets could be landed on... would make more sense in terms of larger amounts of commodity inventory (i.e. maybe stacks of 999 medicine etc.Honestly, I would buy a sequel in a second. Devs, just go pillage every remaining feature from Escape Velocity and Nova. People that played the crap out of that game will love this game."
,Recommended,324260,24712089,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,linuxpunk,"I really enjoyed playing this game in spite of it's shortcomings. It lacks polish, there's not many ship or items, and in spite of you having ""frigates"", all ships feel more like small fighters (no crew or significant size differences). No carriers and no (proper) fighters make all the units in the game feel more or less ""small"". The planets are totally unimportant, as you only interact with them if you take a mission, and then only to click on them and get XP.Unlike Endless Sky, trading is shallow and quickly got boring (for me).In spite of all those shortcomings, combat and controll are good, the interface is nice and the graphics well crafted. Also there's MOD support (not that many good MODS, sadly). I give this game a thumbs up, but there are better space RPGs out there (SPAZ, Endless Sky).Also, I appreciate the Linux support."
,Recommended,324260,20288819,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,jimbobslimbob,"A surprisingly fun and addictive top-down space-shooter. It initially reminded me of an age-old classic, ""Operation: Inner Space"" - a game which shares some things in common with this. Under the hood it is actually great fun to play. It has skill trees, levelling up, ships, equipment and all the things you would typically associate with a space game.The addition of multiplayer and mod support make this game shine - and is where the fun is at. You can host a persistent world and play with your friends for some fun and interesting space-adventures. You can become a hero or a pirate in a game world that is huge - and can be randomly generated to keep it fresh.In a nut shell, it is Operation: Inner Space meets Freelancer. It's also a great little game.Jimbo Rating: 7/10"
76561197999076233,Not Recommended,324260,23754273,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,18,"Уou will find:- just a few types of very similar quests. Like.... ummm, go somewhere in this system and destoy a couple of ships, come back and get a reward. Rinse, repeat. The only change is the location, where you take and perform tasks. There are another types - buy and move some cargo, get some minerals (or just buy it on the station, where u obtained this task =\).-Main quest is like find 1 thing, that will give you the opportunity to go through the jump gates and go kill big boss. Over.-A half-empty system-Very little opportunity for customizationSo, this game is a waste of time and money. A kidna of parody on sapce rangers, but but much worse."
,Recommended,324260,15252141,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,govegirl,"This Space game can be quite fun,. You fly around through space completing missions, earning money and levelling up your character to upgrade your ship and learn new skills3 different factions to play through for endings- or if you are not goal/mission/ending orientated just play it how you want- there is no time limit for completion.Positives:Quests and MissionsEasy to learnNice graphicsprice rangecan play easily with Mouse and keyboard controlsIf you are killed you do not have to start all over- but there is a penaltyachievementsyou do not have to have fast reflexesNegatives:not many quests and missionsbuggy- game crashes and freezesonly auto save pointsearly game a grindDespite the negatives of the game crashing and freezing, I enjoy playing this game.There are not a lot of missions once you have played for a while they become samey, but overall for the price there is enough here to keep you entertained for many hours."
,Not Recommended,324260,15222361,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Chromeo,"A decent foundation that works well enough and looks pretty has sadly had little to nothing built on top of it, with a severe shortage of content, narrative, or depth. In addition I was annoyed by some bizarre design decisions, like not letting you transfer online characters across servers.Various examples of laziness/poor design put into this game:Tiny amount of ships, with half of them just 'V2s' of existing onesNo introductory cutscene or any voice actingThe proceedural generation leads to a lifeless, dull and repetitive universeToo hard when startingConstantly attacked by pirates, yet killing them gives no money and a pittance in experience, rarely do they drop loot and most of the time that sucks too.If you save a merchant from being killed by pirates they just fly off and don't even acknowledge you.All NPCs have the same dialog outside of specific quests or questions related to their faction.And so on. Lazy lazy lazy, doubt I'll play again, and on top of that it crashes semi-regularly. Do yourself a favour and get Space Pirates and Zombies instead."
,Recommended,324260,17478999,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Kaze no Fuusuke,"This is a pretty fun game. It reminds me of Solar Winds; the gameplay is very similar, if not exactly the same. Still, being able to customize your character from the get go, and on is a pretty significant upgrade. I'm really enjoying this game. Lots of replay here too.In short, if you liked Solar Winds, you'll want to get this too~"
,Not Recommended,324260,18127707,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Jedzenie,"Absolutely beautiful game (seriously one of the best top down space exploration games around) marred by shallow gameplay, questionable mechanics, and dull combat. I wish Drox Operative (with all it's glorious depth) looked as good as this game. I really, really wanted this game to be ""one of the greats"" like Freespace or Wing Commander Privateer, but alas.As it stands there isn't much motivation to keep playing for very long :("
,Recommended,324260,32464640,Posted: 15 June,all,ppickeri,"A nifty little game that's definitely fun for the price. A bit surprised by the Mixed reviews. Progression, adventure, trading - lots of fun!"
76561197996950664,Recommended,324260,30597960,Posted: 18 March,all,Uncle Grandfather,"I've only played the game for a handful of hours in one sitting so far, but I honestly don't see how this game doesn't have better reviews.   Maybe a lot of the negative ones are older ones from early access.It reminds me quite a bit of Space Pirates and Zombies.   Better in some ways, worse in others.Is it amazing?  Maybe not.It's only $5 on sale right now, even if you only play it once, it's a cheap bit of entertainment.    I've seen a lot worse games for sale for a much higher price.    Considering this game has sold relatively few copies and the devs haven't abandoned it makes me feel decent about supporting them, even if I only play the game a couple times."
76561198103890981,Recommended,324260,32678940,Posted: 23 June,all,Hebus Jebus,"Overall, I would give this game a 7/10.Void expanse's fighting and money making mechanics are... underwhelming. Most of the game is spent grinding up asteroids and running from hordes of pirates.But where Void Expanse really shines in is its storyline. There are currently 3 factions with individual storylines. However, once you've spent hours of grinding to get the weapons and things to complete one faction, you must start from scratch to do the other factions (thats where some cheats come in LOL). The storyline really catches you and makes you understand the type of people your working with. Order, a group of militant warriors planning to defeat the antagionist with brute force. Freedom, group of mercinaries who are interested in escaping void expanse. And of corse, the Fanatics (my favorite story wise). The fanatics are a group of people who worship the antagonist as their gods. But you learn what their leader really thinks.Each story has it's own ending that makes you feel like all the work was worth it.Once again (because I can't say this enough) It is quite a breathtaking story that is worth your time and money, to follow."
76561198045341687,Recommended,324260,25511300,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ancient Ways,"It's a good little space game as long as you don't expect perfection. By that I mean it has trading, but not a 'live' economy. Yet, it's still involved enough that a little planning is involved. It also has mining which is well worth doing. So, no, not perfect but still much better than some space games that add things like trading or mining as an afterthought.It also has rpg elements, exp and gaining levels. This part is very well done. All the skills are useful. I've gotten a character past level 60, haven't regretted any skills I got and desire to get the rest. There's no level limit as far as I know and I think it's possible to eventually get all skills. That takes time, though, but any decent space game is going to give you a good reason to spend time with it.Yet to complete the main story, but I want to. I usually spend too much time with all the other things to do. I've even jumped into an enemy system with a powerful ship and attacked their merchant ships and patrol ships for kicks.There's also aliens and alien ships. Those were interesting. I won't spoil anything.So, no it's not a perfect space game. But, to be perfectly honest, I have yet to see a space game that was absolutely perfect every area. If you like 2d space games well enough then VoidExpanse is well worth $15 in my opinion."
,Recommended,324260,33229291,Posted: 4 July,all,BlueLightning,"bought the basegame, i think this is a good game, its like usual top down space game, but multi ready, and i cant stop playing XDPros:+multiplayer support, can host single player world to multiplayer+moddable, can attach mods+stories have multiple ending+system are like real life, if you done something, you cant reverse it, cant undo+balanced items, no RNGs+trading, battling, fuel, ammo system, what you need to ask more?cons-2.5D topdown-short story, then full grinding-mods needed for full experience, but its free anyway"
76561198008016832,Recommended,324260,31060936,Posted: 10 April,all,Judaes,"Pilot/equipment/ship customization is varried and well balanced/implimented. All your RPG-like customization decisions have very relevent gameplay effects and you always feel good about skill points spent, or a new weapon upgraded.The factions and plot lines are simple, but interesting. Example:A major alien nemesis has an original motive for a sci-fi series, which is not known to the player until some digging/questing happensThe world is very much like the other gameplay elements, simple, but very well done and enjoyable. Having an effective auto-pilot to rely on is a fantastic quality of life feature in a sci-fi spacetravel game like this. I very much enjoyed the implimentation and effectiveness of the professions. Many sci-fi RPG games miss the profit/time spent mark with certain things like mining, or trading, but here you can max out credits and EXP by mining rocks exclusively if you wanted to.I've played about 20 hours now, and expect to play about 40 total before I'll be bored. All things considered, I give this game a 10 out of 10. It had a clear direction and goal, and hit the mark perfectly. If top-down sci-fi RPG's are your thing, you will certainly enjoy this."
,Recommended,324260,25655982,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nightsky,"A wonderful game that combines RPG elements, open world and customization with the theme of space. Void Expanse is a game that is worth the cost and time by using many simple but influencing mechanics to turn this game into an interesting bunch of gameplay!GameplayGameplay-wise this game definitely deserves some thumps up! It is easy to handle, the tutorial is well explained and the controls are easy as well. The way this game works is pretty much 'WASD' for movement and mouse for aiming and firing, similar to space pirates on zombies if you know this game.GraphicsGraphics are simple, not too much resource consuming and can basically be played on a toaster. I used my old laptop which sure is a crappy PC and the fact that the game ran on 40 FPS on low graphic settings is quite surprising.MechanicsThis game uses various mechanics like factions, skill-trees, customization and randomized generation of galaxies, some multiplayer functions, a story mode and a way to continue the story. Join a faction and play their story mode which gives you the opportunity of playing unique missions (though, the last few ones are the same as the final task always leads to the hive destruction). The skill-tree is well made and the customization is good enough for me to find a lot of combinations.final opinion&RatingGameplay: 9/10Graphics: 7.5/10Mechanics: 8/10Content: 7/10Final: 8/10A game i would play again once there is a DLC available :)"
76561197964513270,Recommended,324260,33315566,Posted: 6 July,all,heat901,"This game reminds me of space rangers but not as deep or time consuming and its also not trying to be 8 games in one like space rangers.  Yes it has grind, all games have grind in one way or another.  I also like how your profession doesn't necessarily define your character and you have access to all the skill trees.  I would say if you spend =< $10 the game is worth it.  I do not write reviews for games(first one out of the 386 games I own) as you can tell from how simple and barren this review is but felt this game needed another positive review.  If you like space games that remind you of EV Nova then this is your game but as with most games like EV Nova it can not live up to it."
,Recommended,324260,15312026,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Gulik,Edited review:Previously I was having quite a few stability issues and some unusable saved as a result. The dev released v1.2.6 and no issues since then. The old saves started working again as well.Fun game and it works now!
76561198023599965,Recommended,324260,22561411,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DemonSemon,"Really fun space RPG. Good if you want to kill lots of space badguys. Good if you want to kills lots of space goodguys. Good if you want to space truck and look at pretty space backgrounds while listening to pretty space music.The classes feel more or less unique with room to branch out of your chosen speciality. Decent amount of ships, especially with the workshop, same can be said about weapons and equipment. Not much in the way of story elements tying the quests together. The mainquest is to go kill the aliens over there. Despite the lack of fluff the game pulls of a great atmosphere. If this game had 10X more stuff in terms of story, quests, items, etc. it would be one of the best games every made. I hope it gets more love from the devs in the future.There is room for improvement. The multiplayer could be a lot better, setting up a server should be as easy as pushing a few buttons, and joining the servers of strangers often means the main quest is mostly done. Perhaps some sort of replayability mechanic for the open servers.Play it, love it, get your friends hooked."
76561198198006765,Recommended,324260,34282797,Posted: 16 August,all,tone1492,"Very good space game with a good art style and surprisingly good combat. There are also some useful mods in the workshop which definitely enhanced my exp. Overall a great pickup on sale, but it does have some unrealized potential. The missions become repetitive and grindy after awhile and the storyline for each faction you are able to join is very bland.The dlc expansion adds another rouge type faction/storyline and some music and I believe an extra ship or two. In closing I have two strands of advice regarding this title.1. Buy it on sale2. Use mods from the WorkshopOn a number scale I would give this a 6 or 7 out of ten. I also have to give credit to the developers for their honesty and availability in the Steam discussions. They always go out of their way to answer questions and have worked very hard on this game."
76561197968254063,Not Recommended,324260,18845781,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,bean,"The game designer chose to make character progression unrewarding with tons of small upgrades that don't do much and so few points that the changes aren't large even over a character's career. The UI is poorly designed with lots of unnecessary scrolling on the character progression page and the gameplay is Space Rangers, but zoomed in super close and with fewer options. Plus, there is very little inertia (in space there is none, but sci-fi usually allows for nav-computers simulating some inertia with reverse thrusters to make gameplay less tedious). If you LOVE Space Rangers, then go play that again. . .  if you're bored with it, then okay, maybe you are the person who should get this. Everyone else should stay away."
,Recommended,324260,23413681,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GioGimic,Spent 73 minutes in starter zone before realizing that we could do a quest line to leave and enjoyed every minute of it.Great controls and flight fun multiplayer enjoyable merchants to kill for no reason and pirates to kill in defense.
76561197965965295,Recommended,324260,21065330,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Tibbnak,"An interesting 2d top down space sandbox with elements resembling single ship space pirates and zombies, Eve, and a little system shock 2, replete with that new-car indie smell.You generate a galaxy, pick what class's skill package you want to start with, and are dropped in the starting system and offered a tutorial.There are a variety of ship types and weapon types to choose from, various techs to find, and a number of factions of varying difficulty to join.How you gain experience and money is up to you;You can visit stations and talk to npcs to try and get odd jobs,go around hacking old alien ruins floating around for stuff to sell/turn in for science points,go around fragging pirates randomly,trading goods between stations,or hunting down valuable resources hidden in asteroids.The combat has been harkened in other reviews to be like ""Ice skating motorcycle duels"" and that's KINDA true. It's more remenicent of 2d top down naval battles, where each of your weapons have their own arcs and you have a radar you can use to fight things off screen with guided weaponry, and you're sliding along space trying to avoid getting shot up too hard. It's ok.My only gripe is that it's easy to get in over your head, and dying isn't the end, and the game is very grindy.See, the game constantly autosaves, and you aren't allowed to make your own saves. The game is effectively ironman, so if you die then you die. You get deducted a small amount of money and are respawned inside the nearest friendly station.This may sound like a good thing, except for your super expensive investiture of a ship being completely gone for good as well as its contents. You have to buy up the (thankfully free) civilian junk and start from scratch. It's a lot like EVE in this way.Which has the major downside of runing into the grind wall that the game seems to be.  You get such a small trickle of money for the effort that you put into the game that it often is faster to just start a new galaxy and start from scratch rather than grind from a civ ship back up to where you died.There's also a few interesting mods on the workshop, most are russian with (mostly) english translation."
76561198005378961,Recommended,324260,24952863,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,lifone813,"Nice little space sim as long as you don't expect anything to complex. This game is story driven, not a true sandbox, but it works for the scope of this title. Great graphics for a 2D space sim, decent combat and story, mining, trading, etc.... The game really shines with a few mods to add hulls, patrols and equipment. 30+ hours and still playing casually yet have never finished the campaign, I have spent most of my time creating new characters and doing my own thing. Would love a more games like this."
76561197982329286,Recommended,324260,30432447,Posted: 10 March,all,Wild Qwerty,"Fun gameplay, I was after a game like SPAZ. This is a little different but still a good play."
,Recommended,324260,25134205,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Mandelbrot1975,"I'm only 4 hours into this so take this for what it's worth. As an initial impression, the game doesn't feel to have significant depth. That said, I don't think that takes away from the overall game itself. This particular genre and playstyle is slowly becoming crowded but VoidExpands stands out on its own and is actually fairly enjoyable even if it does lack the depth and versatility of open world games. It's not going to win any awards for graphics but again, the game displays well and I see what I need to see to get the tasks at hand done.There is descent ship variations and different weapons loadouts. There are multiple factions to play with / against (I've only messed with Order and Freedom so far) but other than missions and random battles, there doesn't seem to be much to that (yet). The story is a bit weak and stereotypical - bad guys in space, save us (or destroy).Despite the basic flaws, fundamentally the game is complete and entertaining. It doesn't have the polish or glam of a AAA title but it's fun, I keep coming back to it in :30 increments (actually a plus, you can play for 15-20 minutes and actually do something) and the flexibility in how you earn money is nice. However the game does seem combat focused so while you can be a miner or fighter or freighter, the game seems mostly focused on blowing up those you deem your enemy."
,Recommended,324260,17303276,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Emiraven,"A charming 2d space exploration and shoot 'em up.   Best with (many) friends.Pardon the analogy: It's Elite Dangerous in 2d.   And that's great.  Sometimes, you want a 3-hour meal of fine steak and Merlot, with all the accompanying courses.   And sometimes, you just want well-made, easy-to-eat comfort food... like duck nachos.    VoidExpanse is the nachos.Pros:+ Solid 2d graphics with parallax scrolling.  I love parallax.+ Lots of ships to choose from, each with their own specs.   I love specs, too.+ Appropriate viceral combat.   Nice explosions.   Good sound design.+ Stellar support from the developers.   Excellent response to every individual on their forums.Cons:+ (maybe not a con...) Best played with friends.  Dull in solo.+ Some equipment progression is fairly linear... Laser I, Laser II, Laser III, etc.   Could use some help here to add more interesting choices.+ Documentation a little scant.   In-game scores, server operations, etc, a bit of a mystery.  But see support above."
76561198018106356,Not Recommended,324260,19681766,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,greenbean,"This was a great game initially.  It was a good reminder of the old school star control 2 days.  But then eventually as I played a little longer, the game was a bit repetitive.  Space battles, didn't seem too challenging, and there were no plantets to explore etc.  Over all, I would give it a shot if it was on sale, would be solid 4-8hrs of entertainment before moving on to other items in the steam queue."
76561198006508941,Recommended,324260,23641728,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Booty & Drinks,There is something about this game that keeps me coming back. I have to play it again i want to use a different character and ship!Totally recomend it to anyone tha tis fan of this style of game.
76561198020586501,Recommended,324260,17420340,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Scribbles,"It's a fun little game. Surprisingly, a lot of games in this genre are incapable of doing it right as this one has. I have no idea why, as you'd think such a simple concept wouldn't be that hard to grasp. Apparently it isn't for a lot of devs.You get to fly a variety of capital ships in the game each outfitted with a different array of turreted energy weapons, gauss guns, missiles, or mines. Every aspect of the game, from running missions to trading goods feels enjoyable and not like a grind at all.You can build your character any way you like and there are at least a couple factions to join. That said, the factions available really suck and don't really offer much except a simple, cliched story. The factions themselves are written from an unlettered perspective in all honesty, but whatever, it's a game. While it would be nice to see someone well versed in academic political or economic thought writing for them instead of someone whose knowledge of these subjects doesn't surpass grade school, it doesn't detract from the gameplay.It's definitely worth a buy at full price if you enjoy games like Space Rangers, Elite: Dangerous, or the X series."
76561197993840187,Recommended,324260,23899929,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Furiant,"I ended up completing the campaign in about 16 hours. After that there was a 'New Game +' mode that didn't hold my interest for long. I considered playing through again with a different build but lost interest. So it's not a lot of entertainment, but an enjoyable diversion.ProsFair amount of ship and equipment designs (more with mods) that are tuned to different playstylesPretty well-designed missions that made good use of the engineDecent aesthetic, consistent and serviceable artworkUI was better than expectedSeveral choices for which faction to serve, with different outcomes for themEngaging combatMining is a thing, though not really fleshed out enough to be a real focusConsCould have been more interesting in every respect; every system seemed like it needed more depth and polishThe game world is pretty small; definitely does not have an epic galactic scaleReplayability was low for me; I felt like I'd seen everything significant after the first playthroughCould not play as pirate faction! This would have meant another complete playthroughIt was worth the money at full price, so if you can grab this during Summer or Winter sale, I wouldn't hesitate. I'd love to see what this team could do with more time and resources."
76561198040338015,Not Recommended,324260,20906301,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,MrFailSauce,"It's okay.  I feel like it is not complete.  Here's one example, the ship types:Light Frigate,  Heavy Frigate.  Light Cruiser. Heavy Cruiser.No Battleship?  No Carrier?  The entry ports on the stations are clearly big enough to fit much bigger ships.  I think they just never got around to adding them.Another example, there isn't a heavy cruiser with cargo size greater than 100(the minimum.  So if you were planning on leveling up in the mining or the trade skill trees, don't bother.  You either get a top tier ship or the ability to mine/trade.  But not both.  Adding a heavy cruiser class freighter just seems obvious(they have cargo ships for the other ship sizes) but I guess they never got around to it....And it seems like there are 6 booster slots in the interface, but no ships that have more than 4?"
,Recommended,324260,16233687,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,GreatGarry,"I can not understand the rating of 58/100. This game is a lot of fun. I hope they do a expansion for this game and keep going expanding the features and story.Some aspects of this game reminds me on eve online, therefor i am hoping they will expand the game would buy it again if you love games where you have to earn your stuff on varius ways.Thanks for this game, Devs!"
,Recommended,324260,25032520,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Cybermind,"I enjoy this game, and it still has support from the developers! Recently I noticed an Expansions button that has been added the main menu, more goodies to come I would assume :-) I play it for the multiplayer."
76561198001785946,Recommended,324260,33593908,Posted: 16 July,all,bcasner50,"Fun little game!  I must say I've been pleasantly surprised at how much fun is in this game. Nice mix of mission work, mining etc and enemies that with some finesse can be beaten. Recommend you try this one."
,Recommended,324260,33824283,Posted: 26 July,all,Aug,"Similar to Drox Operative or SPAZ.  It's not the best game ever, but it's a decent little indy game.  It has a pretty unique, elaborate skill tree that you advance along to go with the normal 'get money, get bigger ships' progression that these games typically have.  Combat has a lot of different things you have to balance and is pretty enjoyable.  Has 3 different storylines based on what faction you join, and a new game plus mode so you can carry over your pilot.  The story I played through (Freedom faction) was pretty mediocre.  Also would have preferred more variety with the Boosters/Devices, but the different weapons each had noticeable differences."
76561197967471651,Recommended,324260,22722126,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Russell,"A fun game that's essentially a mish mash over other games in the same genre. The graphics are nice and very clean. The game itself is overall enjoyable and fun, but suffers from two big problems there are both related: a lack of pacing and a lack of things to do. When you first start the game you'll already be able to purchase the equipment you'll be using for the vast majority of the game. All that's left is a grind. The games it was inspired by, like Space Rangers and SPAZ, feel a lot more like a stair step of progress - whereas this game feels more like one giant leap.It's an enjoyable leap, but mostly one that's probably only going to appeal to fans of the genre who are just looking for a fresh coat of paint on ideas that are not particularly fresh. That said this is also only for playing single player. This game in many ways seems to have been designed with multiplayer in mind, so if you're into that it may be that it significantly expands the horizons of the game."
,Recommended,324260,17950179,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Soup Herman,"This game is currently great in the SINGLEPLAYER mode. Its very much like SPAZ(Space Pirates and Zombies) in the playstyle, and its always enjoyable to fly through space killing, stealing, selling, and upgrading your things.The reason I only recommend this game for singleplayer right now is because the multiplayer is (for the most part) pointless. Playing with other people makes no difference in your universe, save the possiblity of being raided. The game always has NPC ships flying around/fighting pirates, which makes it feel like you're never alone. Merchant ships that fly from station to station even actively trade goods, taking items you will see in the shop inventory away as you look at them, wondering what could have been... I personally wish they would add the ability to build your own station(s) though.As I said, this game is fantastic in SINGLEPLAYER, and hopefully with some updates multiplayer will be just as good."
,Recommended,324260,22146918,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,allu_n22,"Soo.. A few hours in and i like it. Its like Space Rangers, only more arcadish. Even more alike game would be Star Wolves. So the fans of above mentioned games will most likely like this one. There is some main storyline and generic quests like go there, do/kill that... I hope for more content in the future. At this point its a 7/10 IMHO."
76561197984016376,Not Recommended,324260,31008120,Posted: 7 April,all,Vault Boy,"It had a lot of potential, but fell flat; a straightforward/simple plot that requires a lot of grinding.  It tries to have faction standings, but it amounts to only a single choice between 2 factions (freedom vs. military) early in the game, but both are fighting the same enemy (aliens); they're essentially interchangable.  Other than completing the faction admission mission, there's no way to join or leave a faction.I stuck through to finish it, but the ending felt rushed and tacked on; the final battle was no more difficult than the last dozen that I had to grind through to get there."
,Recommended,324260,25998132,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,johndraugr,Lots of fun. Reminds me of Star Control from what I remember. :)
76561198019425690,Recommended,324260,25790876,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dogpriest,"A lovely little piece, simplistic yet highly addictive."
,Recommended,324260,16135544,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BurnOut96,"Amazing game,2D space rpg, Spent some great time playing (still a little shy on content, but that is all coming in a future update :D ). Every time I'm bored this is my game of choice to just fly around and adventure<3 love the game and great fun"
76561198006755646,Recommended,324260,17057948,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,T.D.O.,"Mine , trade and blow stuff up , what more would one need right ?how about adding a randomly generated universe ? then adding on some crazy space freaks and why the hell not lets toss in a nuke as well , and not to mention devs that help and the all importent golden updates along with the super easy modding , working multiplayer as well as nukes , remember if you have trouble killing some one just drop some mines and run away :Pon a other hand the game looks good and handles good as well as explosions are fun to watch and the story is filled with some odds and ends , but thena again since this is a do what you want game you can just skip the story and go on a rampage of killing everything in sight .if your looking for a relaxing game or just something to gift to a friend then grab a copy ."
,Recommended,324260,15753120,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,El Oshcuro,Reminds me more of EV Nova than any game since. Multiplayer and Workshop support are a definite plus.
76561198150427172,Recommended,324260,34360380,Posted: 19 August,all,Turtwig107,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game! The immersive storyline, the gameplay, and the modding community make this game one worth playing!"
,Recommended,324260,34032842,Posted: 5 August,all,Dagdorval,"This is a fun, good game. the ui is fantastic. being able to auto fly ship and use ui that is fun is great. enjoyed the light humour. hope this dev keeps making good games like this."
,Recommended,324260,33657826,Posted: 19 July,all,Gorthrongulax,"Great approachable space RPG - havent played the expansion, but loved the loop of missions and upgrades, with plenty of variety around trading/mining/fighting.So many games with space theme and rpg elements go so deeply into simulation. If you're looking for more of a Rebel Galaxy than an Elite Dangerous, and don't mind the 2d nature, great game."
,Recommended,324260,34341377,Posted: 18 August,all,Red Huginn,i love this game from one end to ther other needs more stuff to do quest wise but its still a awesome game well worth the 14.99
,Recommended,324260,33379776,Posted: 8 July,all,ScotDamn,I'm definitely enjoying this. Usually play this when taking a break fromother games. Love the ship customizing and skill building. Easy recommendation!Edit: Removed reference to the abbreviationEDfrom review so nobody will feel left out.
,Recommended,324260,22075049,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mortr0n,"Great Game!  Lot's of fun, Lot's to do, and great depth for a deal of a price!"
76561197996739281,Recommended,324260,22457925,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,TibiEtIgni,"As a fan of Space Rangers, SPAZ and Drox, I am glad that there is a new universe in this genre for explore. The begining was difficult - you have to get used to all freedom and opportunities, but after starting my own dedicated server and playing with friends, I can say i've been waiting for such experience for a long time. Game is invaluable for online/cooperative support in this genre. Void is too vast to explore alone - take friends with you!"
76561198049949381,Recommended,324260,20780554,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,Excellent 2D space trading-action game.I like the fact that you can mine... pity you cannot construct space installations like refineries and manufactures to create yourself an economic empire. Would also be nice if you can create your own faction within the independant systems.I like all that is currently in the game. I look forward to more things to do in it.
76561197977060667,Recommended,324260,16986436,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Scotty,"Fun space Sim!Game runs well, no crashes for me.Completely open world that reminds me of SPAZ.  Multiplayer that looks fun (Space Sim Junky has some videos on youtube of this game in MP).Overall a great value for the money. If you enjoy building up a ship, hunting down the best equipment, aligning with factions, maybe some mining then pick this one up.  Also seems like a fun story."
76561198073092169,Recommended,324260,22623859,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Wungle,"A good Space Ranger Alternative.  Space Rangers is much deeper and better.This games offers the following advantages over Space Rangers:1) No complex quests -- as far as I've gone, it only offers space combat and trading.2) Enemies retain damage even if you go and heal, so you can't lose if you're careful3) A little easier and less expensive to upgrade your shipsHave not progressed very far though."
76561197996046668,Recommended,324260,17688295,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,skinkintrees,"A few days ago I had an overwhelming urge to play a top down-open world-space action adventure game... and I stumbled on this little gem! It`s a ton of fun. I suggest you follow the recommendation and read all the tutorial stuff. The game controls are a bit different than others I`ve played in the passed, but it`s easy to adjust after a while."
76561198048729780,Recommended,324260,15340923,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Sundalo261,"Awesome game, never thought that top down space combat would be this fun! Reminds me of Wing Commander Privateer, but flying top down. Needs more content but overall loving this game!"
,Recommended,324260,15464741,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Starving Poet,"This is a fun little top-down space sim.   Think the X series with a little bit of aRPG level building.  Mine, Trade, Kill, and Save the Galaxy.  While this game is rather simple, I think that adds to its charm.  It's the kind of game where you can sit down for 5 minutes or 5 hours depending on the time you have available."
76561198006412514,Recommended,324260,18480423,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Formy Zee,"Wrote a really long review,,deleted it, no one want's to read that.So I'll just sum it up.Nice graphics,Simpel (in a good way) gameplay.Nice controls.Levling system with skilltree/techtree for more fun.Total freedom to do what ever you want in 100 systems.Mining, Bountys...Be a pirate.Autopilot that is ""drunk"", doesnt always hit the door on the station while docking or smash into patrolships ^^Havent really found any negatives to list, well the autopilot, but that amuses me more then annoys me ^^Playing VoidExpance feels like playing a fast paced Space Rangers or ""EVE Basic in 2D"" for gamers not knowing what Space Rangers is (if thats even possible) ^^In short. Alot of bang for the buck."
,Recommended,324260,24857965,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,neowiz73,open universe to explore and engage with multiple factions along with a nice storyline.  nice character development options for a good array of different fighting styles and weapons.  fun space shooter with RPG aspects.
76561198031855489,Recommended,324260,21615748,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,a1gamewiz,"This game is very addictive. Seems a little simplistic and the controls take a bit of getting used to. I crashed quite a bit until I got the hang of it down and I still am not very good at shooting down ships without a lot of misses but I have been really addicted to this game since I started playing it.Your a space ship captain and you fly around different sectors completing jobs, mining materials, and fighting bad guys to make money and upgrade your ship. There is a story line but to be honest I really haven't been paying much attention to it as I've been more focused on getting new ships and the best equipment for them. I've almost gotten the heavy cruisers, which is the heaviest ship in the game unlocked and I'm excited for it.I've found that mining is the easiest and safest way to make money and is almost always necessary as fuel to fly costs money so you can't just go from station to station without either fighting or mining to keep at least enough money to fuel your ship. Fuel is expensive so I recommend upgrading your mining equipment quickly so you can get the best materials so you an offset costs quickly so you have more money for upgrades.I definitely want to note that the developer is very active with this game. I happen to have started playing the day they released a patch that broke the game. I was stuck in the starting system and couldn't complete the tutorial to leave. They had the issue resolved in less than a day so while it wasn't the best experience, at least they are active and pay attention when issues arise.I haven't played multiplayer and probably won't as I'm more into the single player experience so I have no recommendations on how that works out but I bet it would be a pretty good time.I definitely recommend this game if you are interested in a game where you are given a ship and almost free reign to make your fortune and get the most powerful equipment you can.Only negative I can think of that I ran into other than the update issue is that sometimes you have to end up with issues because the game is so intense in regards to fuel. I ran into a few times where I got stranded because a few systems in a row didn't have any place to refuel. Recommend you keep some power cells handy just in case. Some people may also find some issues with the slow pace of mining as well. Each instance takes about 5 seconds and you are just sitting there. Doesn't seem like much but when you only get 60 pieces every time you mine, it can get tedius to fill a ship with a big cargo hold.... this is especially prevailent when you are going for a specific ore for a mission and are only getting 2 to 4 each time and you need 350 to complete the mission.Definitely a great game though and I recommend it for anyone that likes space ship games. Definitely not X2 as far as economy goes but its still a great game."
76561198048872973,Recommended,324260,20925948,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,maxpgrossman,The game is a great open-world space rpg. Simple yet very in depth. Definatallly would buy again
76561198021021376,Recommended,324260,21942866,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,neo5apien,"This is quite a solid spacetrader type game.  I've been looking for this kind of experience for a while, and have been disappointed by titles like the X series, Elite Dangerous, EVE Online, and others.   Void Expanse offers a much faster paced game experience that can be enjoyed by people who don't have hundreds of hours to spend making boring delivery runs.What really makes this game shine though is an active development team.  I played the original version over a year ago, and just recently got back into it.  There's been major improvements to add new content, fix minor issues, and whatnot.  The developers weren't satisfied with making a pretty good game, so they made it a great game.  I'm confident that they'll stick with Void Expanse and make it an awesome game.  There's still quite a few new players to reach, right Devs?"
,Recommended,324260,16973444,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ineptie,"Very good game, developped by the most community listening team i ever saw. They like having feedback and update their game implementing comunity ideas on a weeekly basis.Don't listen to people calling the game ""shallow"" or ""boring"", they probably posted their ideas beore the 1.4 patch (as of today game version is 1.4.9) who adds a whole lots of mecanics and life in the universe.Now stop reading, by the game, and have great fun."
,Recommended,324260,16972643,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,WaGo15,"It's a fun game! Ok, it still needs some work done but the base is ok."
76561198038397439,Recommended,324260,22350508,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mtjohnson.mark,Great Game! If you remember the old sid meiers game Pirates! this is that game in space but a lot more detailed. It really gives you the feeling of having your own ship that is totally customizable. The RPG element is very deep. A large tree of skills to work off of. Great depth and very relaxing.
76561197985962419,Recommended,324260,21879704,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,mordecai,"Yah, it a nice game!!!"
76561198253185950,Recommended,324260,20671059,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,shadeblazer,"Void Expanse is what I've been looking for in a space game. I'm so tired of seeing Medieval Action-RPG games. It's about time a space Action-RPG game is made that I can enjoy. I've searched for space games and I kept coming across nothing but RTS space games. Void Expanse is very similar to Drox Operative but it is so much better, IMO. I can choose what I want to do, whether it is mining for a little while to get cash, or deciding to test my new ship, weapons, devices, etc., or do co-op missions with friends. It is very fun and keeps me occupied for hours. If I choose, I can host my own dedicated server and have friends join in on the fun. Single player characters can be used in Multiplayer games as well. So a Single player character can be built up and continue to be built up in Multiplayer, back and forth. Very fun game! I highly recommend it."
76561198004119351,Recommended,324260,34874565,Posted: 10 September,all,Orion,Enjoyable top-down perspective spaceship shooter game. Pretty to look at and well polished + easy to mod to taste. Brought back fond memories of the Flatspace games. DLC adds a mafia-like faction to the game. Never posted reviews before but figured this one deserved it.
76561198103125983,Recommended,324260,35279616,Posted: 28 September,all,Sankyuu,"Love it, very fun and immersive, mod are a must as it add more content which are always good but some mod are really unballanced.  5/5"
76561197995318320,Recommended,324260,17725830,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Ghostwish,"YES! This is what I was looking for! Open sandbox space sim where you choose your own path! Oh man I don't even know where to start, so I'll give a summary of my playthrough so far:I fired it up, set it to normal and rand-gen'd some bloke to play as (ended up with a guy with a pink mohawk and a hawaiian shirt. The absurdity has grown on me a bit). And I hit it right off. The interface and controls weren't too intuitive, but not too cryptic either. I had it pretty well figured out in under 5 minutes, and started working for the tutorial guy. And he taught me asteriod mining and mission running and trading and some basic combat and and then gave me a run down of what's going on in the sector then it was a pat on the butt and off you go. That's it. You get to kick it into high drive within.. 30 minutes? Of the game start.And the depth of the game is great. There's 5 factions, only one of which I know well, one I have a good idea of, and one that's a mystery to me, one's pirates and the last one is the EVIL ALIENS (TM). You level up and allocate your XP points to your skills, which go all the way from asteriod mining up to PEW PEW BANG and everything inbetween. And I mean everything. There's some really weird skills in there.Combat can leap between fairly routine to very surprising, depending on how high you keep your guard up. I was doing pretty damn well off the start beating up pirates and mining rocks, so I got pretty full of myself and headed into a fairly dangerous system to rack up some XP.Ha ha they beat my♥♥♥♥♥like a drum. I needed a bigger ship.Now, ship size isn't terribly noticable. I suppose because they'd have to zoom the screen out a lot to make a difference. It's basically just better hull, and better weapon placement. Which is a huge thing in combat. It's not so much the size of your gun, but whether or not you can bring it to bear! Some turrets point forwards, to the sides, out the back, etc! And also you have to match them up to their type of weapon. Energy/Kinetic/Missile/Mine. So, each ship has its own style of combat.Ship equipment is fairly straightforward. You want bigger and better, but you need to carefully manage how much fuel and power your fuel tank and reactor can provide. The thing I like is the fact you don't need to strip old ships for parts. No, your hull is literally just another equipment slot. You just swap it out and bang, new hull same equipment.Very enjoyable and challanging at times. It's going to see hundreds of hours from me."
,Not Recommended,324260,20244715,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,YubYub,"Progress is too slow, the excitement of new equipment gets old quick when the quests become repetitive or require long distance travel."
76561198064373133,Recommended,324260,22505767,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ysthrall,"I picked this game up on sale, as a simple space shoot-em-up. It's actually pretty good, in a happily retro fashion. Theres a small amount of NPC interaction, quite a bit of upgrading space ships and equipment, and the possibility of being fairly successful via trading or mining if you really want to. I went for what certinaly feels like the majority of the game, shooting stuff. User interface is simple, combat can be swift and brutal, and you can certainly tailor your ship and tactics to playstyle. I've seen some complaints that the character advancement doesn't make much difference. It does, but not a lot. By the time you finish the game one way or another, I suspect that you'll be using gameplay skills 30%, equipment 50% and character skills 20%.Still, a good game if you fancy swooping around shooting aliens. Easy to drop in and out of. Fairly addictive."
76561197966311969,Not Recommended,324260,20367738,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kizrak the Hokie,"Just not there yet. I was hoping that story would be lot more than it was, or that the mechanics would be decent."
76561198006557120,Not Recommended,324260,21319586,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,augustine.jimmy,"Fun in the beginning, but after a while it gets pretty dull."
,Recommended,324260,15546502,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Swordmuse,"Good SciFi Space Game.+ well paced Action+ different Styles of playing the Game ( Fighting, Mining .. )+ good looking 2D GFX"
,Recommended,324260,16933084,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,nightblade628,"This is an incredibly fun game and seems really well put together, without the usual sign of terrible grammar or odd game mechanics. Highly recommended!!"
,Not Recommended,324260,23970327,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Aloha Snackbar,"Boring and minimalistic. There are only a few mission types and completing them isn't interesting, because they're fetch or search and destroy quests. I get the sense that the game was really meant to be a platform for mods. Abilities, modifications, and ships aren't terribly interesting, either.If you want an interesting 2D ship game, I'd suggest Space Pirates and Zombies. It has more and higher quality content with a decent amount of storyline."
76561197968317098,Recommended,324260,15291972,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Shauni,"So I bought this on a whim becuase of my Steam queue and it was 10% off.Wow, it is so much more than I was expecting, the galaxy sizes are enormous, the solar systems seem varied, and plenty to keep busy with. I haven't got very deep into the main story yet but I've had fairly common quests from stations - resuce survivors, bounty hunt or trade, so I don't know how much more these vary later on.Such broad skill trees and seemingly plenty of different ways to build your character from their class.I haven't tried multiplayer yet.Single player alone I would say this game is definetely worth the price, and it's got such a cute visual style too!Surprise bargain!"
76561198028101712,Recommended,324260,29905232,Posted: 13 February,all,kajidiablo,great game for what it is keep up the good work guys looking forward to any added content aswell  :) and the fact it can be played with others is neat i might add
,Recommended,324260,15315212,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,BillyR,Fun little time killer. I actually got an achievement for mining asteroids called 'drilling Billy'...lol
76561198022318021,Recommended,324260,15290629,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Zyren,"This is a fantastic game with lots of potential. If you've been waiting for a space game for awhile, this one could really scratch that itch. Yes, as per the other reviews, it has some growing to do...but the devs listen to their fans and patch constantly. The older reviews are already outdated.Get this game if you want some unrestricted space time. You build the ship you want and play how you want to play. Want to be a bounty hunter? Miner? Merchant? Soldier? All of that is in the game already, with more on the way from what I've read.With the great scarcity of good space games, you'd be wrong not to take a chance on this title. It's cheap; it's got co-op; and it's fun. What more do you need?"
76561198028315287,Recommended,324260,15294671,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,kwegar,"I want to love this game.  (and do for the most part)  But a lot of niggly bugs right now.  The mod interface is a total FAIL.  Partly to the Modders.  Every time I try to load a game from the day before, it will not load, most of the time from mods changing.  (this is not the games fault, but the mods fault)  Today one of the Mods version was rolled back because some one could not load the new one.  Well all of us that saves with the new one can not load because the version does not match now.The game has GREAT potential.  I am playing my current run with VERY FEW mods.  Hope to be able to load it tomorrow.Overall I love the game.  90% of the problems are from the workstop/mods.  The game could be great, if/when they expand on some areas of the game.  The Devs seem to be resposive in the Community.I recommend the game, but not the mods."
76561198008811054,Recommended,324260,15309768,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,KillerOrc,Fun and addictive and with all the new patches and contents comming out fom the devs this will be a game you can replay several times. Great game and keep up the good job!
,Recommended,324260,15668344,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Kuzeyli,Mükemmel oyun Space Pirates and Zombies oyunun en büyük eksiği olan çoklu eşli oyun eksiğini gidermişler her tip oyuncuya göre oynanış sunmuşlar varsa madenci amele ticaretci savaşçı buyursun :=)
76561198042407643,Recommended,324260,15273058,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,tengue20010,"I have played many characters in voidexpance love them all.  Game plays like astroids and space rangers!Once you get the hang of it, its Fun!!!!There is one problem... That are some weapons that need higher skills than 1 can learn.Still I would rate it a ""B"""
,Recommended,324260,18390292,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Frost,It's literally Elite Dangerous but 2D. And with actual content.
76561198140816358,Recommended,324260,15457611,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Featherblade,Pros:Great astheticMusicFun FactorChallengeCons:Learning curveOverall9.5/10
,Recommended,324260,15191781,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Shadokin,"Loving this game so far, it's like a 2D Eve Online, just drops you in and lets you figure things out. The interface is clean and polished and while I can think of a few things I'd add I can see it growing very organicly by the players. Running a dedicated server and while it has it's bugs I have to say the netcode is very lean and seems to do very well with 20+ players. Join us on ***NEXUS ONE*** and we'll see you soon!"
,Recommended,324260,17371937,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bishop,"So lets jump right into it, VoidExpanse is tricky as far as controls but once you master them the game is a cakewalk and alot of fun although you will get to a point where once you get yourself situated and astablished there will be almost no challange to the game. I love this game so far its alot of fun and has alot of key elements that I have been looking for as far as unique and vast amounts of equipments and ships, alot of systems. Your skill points as some have said done seem to do anything but for me I wait till I have 40+ points to spend which is 3-4 levels and I will tell you there is a huge difference in the skills so you can notice improvement. Great game, fun, good music, alot of places to explore, tons of choices in ships and equipment, skills. Go mine, how about be a fighter or a trader? why not?"
,Recommended,324260,16988918,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,JoeTracfone,Void Expanse it's Elit Dangerous for laptop users or some strange people like I am.
76561198111376272,Recommended,324260,30413956,Posted: 9 March,all,Whitewolf,"Love this game, So relaxing after a hard day but fun and easy going. Can't wait for more DLC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197988468557,Recommended,324260,15191867,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,modred77,"Definately a fun game, easy to play, the interface is quite intuitive. Reminds me of Wing Commander Privateer, but a top down version with more depth"
,Recommended,324260,15288273,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Lupus64,"Some awkward controls and some real crappy character portraits go from being deal breakers to minor issues when you realize you've spent several hours playing it without noticing and oh-god-it's-so-late and well-now-I-really-have-to-poop,"
,Recommended,324260,16285526,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,fenriss9,straightforeward game play. easy to learn for beginners and interesting enough to keep you playing.
,Not Recommended,324260,18522719,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,darthbored,"Crashes to desktop and spelling/grammatical errors in quest text really take away from this ""could be"" great game."
,Recommended,324260,20785695,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Gunner,Fun!
76561198237577814,Recommended,324260,22261444,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,davidalangay,"I've played this game for like 10 hours now the first day I purchased it. Clearly I must like it.You have a good reason to like it too. This game reminds me of EVE Online only in an arcade format. There is a single player mode and a multiplayer mode.In this game you are a space adventurer struggling to deal with the aftermath of a disasterous war where your part of space is cut of after the Federation (no relation to Star Trek) destroys a stargate leading back to the heart of intersteller civilization, surrounded by a scant number of merchants, fellow stranded space adventurers, and aliens and pirates who want to kill you.This is a sandbox game. Yes you are given quests to do to earn currency, but you get to do what you want. You buy better ships for combat, exploration and mining, making sure you got the best weapons and devices snapped on. You loot destroyed enemies, or you get looted if they destroy you. There are three play modes, the first one (I'm familiar with) is you respawn after you die but you lose your loot. The last one is permadeath where you really do need balls of iron, because when you die, you die.You get to play in a faction, each one has advantages. There are six if memory serves. The single player mode stores a galaxy you can set the size of with a slider. I haven't tried multiplayer only because I just got the game. When I play multiplayer, I'll update my review.  Even if I hate multiplayer it won't change my recommendation because the single player mode is worth the money paid alone, with or without the discount.The ships you get to play range from small fighters to large warships but they cost money and, if you are an EVE Online player like me, you really need to fly only what you can afford to lose. While the hulls are limited to what you can slap on for hardpoints, there is room for some customization at the device part and some hardpoints allow either a beam or a ballistic weapon.You get to customize your character you play, gender, hairstyle, skin color, eye type, nose type, mouth type, accessory...it's limited but I'm sure the devs will add more choices...yes, that was a hint.There's a class and skill tree where you can tailor your character's development as the character earns levels. You get to choose a class, miner, combat, etc, with some of the basic skill points aready filled on, and then as you level you earn skill points where you can allocate to parts of the skill tree, like efficiency in energy usage for firing weapons and shield operation, or tracking weapon turret time. If you played EVE Online this is going to be familar to you.The ships move similarly like EVE Online's propulsion physics, meaning there's no Newtonian mechanics here. You coast to a stop after you end propulsion, of which there are two, RCS thrusters and main engine. In this game you move directionally using the W A S and D key and laterally using Q and E. Ships use a form of fuel which is converted to energy that is then used to power weapons, defense systems, gadgets and so on.The game may crash in singleplayer mode from time to time but because it autosaves when you go from system to system, or dock, it's not a big inconvienence.Recommendation? This is a beautifully visual game where every control and menu makes sense being where they should be. It does not require a killer graphics card and even old laptops can play it with the tweaking of the graphics controls. Buy it. It's a fun space romp in a desolate galaxy where anything can happen."
76561197984177193,Not Recommended,324260,26607523,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Lande3D,"Im sorry. I really tried liking this game.I like the genre,but just everything about the progression and gameplay is too poorly thought out to be engaging in any form.There are many upgrades to choose from but its both heavily tier based and doesnt have much in the way of playing style strategy. On top of that its just an endless grind.The visual style feels more like a pay2win google play title or a browser game.After >4 ingame hours its left me with a sour feeling of wasted time.4/10"
76561198064830598,Recommended,324260,15185677,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,BenjaD,basically its elite dangerous but from a birds eye view...♥♥♥♥ing brilliant game
76561197998172729,Recommended,324260,16682307,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ryvaken Tadrya,"This game isn't complicated, deep, or intense in any real way. You've got a good learning curve to jump in, have some fun, and blow stuff up. Not necessarily in that order.A solid game for 10-15 hours of gameplay, but if you want more than that, give Void Expanse a pass."
,Not Recommended,324260,16945457,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Shamejaws,It's just boring. first game I refunded
,Recommended,324260,18687855,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Absolut,"Open world space RPG. Procedurally generated world. Quests, tons of upgrades, skill tree. Save often, crashes frequently on my system."
,Not Recommended,324260,23600264,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Talky-Guy,"1) The game has serious problems with missions. If you die during a mission or if you fail to do as it supposed to be done then there is a chance to not be able to finish the mission. That means that you have to start up again from 0! I had this problem twice in different missions.2) Multiplayer - All servers are empty! And if someone is online, then he probably will play alone!Although it seems a nice game, such problems make it a bad game for me..."
76561197976546789,Recommended,324260,16384721,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tobias,Great space game at a great price I might check out the star wars mods later :)
76561198020479238,Recommended,324260,15176600,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Plebeian Bob,"It's good, really really good.Want to see how I came up with my opinion of this game? Check out my Bob Build-a-ReviewPros:_Looks good: The game has a simple top-down look, but zoom in and you can see a great amount of details in the ship as well as space stations models. The background looks really nice as well._Sounds nice: The weapon has a nice punchy sound to them. Music is very nice as well._HUGE: The game map is really big, with plenty of things for you to explore and see._Controls well: Movement, particularly when in cruise mode, feels really tight, with an appropriate amount of floatiness that come with space games. The weapons are accurate and feel nice to use._Plenty to do: As with most open world space game, you can fight, trade, pirate, or explore at your own leisure. There are also quests for you to do, if you're into that kind of thing. Also, factions for you to join up._Deep RPG mechanics: You, the pilot, levels up. Plenty of different ship to find, outfit and fly as well._Immersive: The game world lives and breaths with or without you. People come and go about their own business on their own.Cons:_Some weird UI quirks: Some screens just don't have enough information on it. Rather minor, but can be a tad off-putting._Some quests are kind of boring: Some of the quests are just simple tasks. But you won't care anyways, they're just excuses for you to explore more.Overall, is it worth the price tag? ♥♥♥♥ yes! If you're a space game enthusiast, this game is already in your inventory. If you're not, still, this is simply a good game that you can get into very easily."
76561197970755392,Recommended,324260,18537227,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,OPUS,"All in all, a fun little game, but it has a few problems which they will hopefully fix.1. Terrible ""pathfinding"" (if you can even call it that) during Autopilot.  Your ship runs into things all the time and only occassionally flies around obstructions.  Once, while on Autopilot, my ship ran into a large asteroid and just continued to bump straight into it without ever changing course.2. Too few jobs and those available are terribly repetitive.2. Too few jobs and those available are terribly repetitive.  (See what I mean?)3. The reward for killing pirates is usually so small it is not worth it.  I don't mind the low XP, but the booty drop rate is only about 50% and when there is a drop it is often one of very low value.I'm hopeful they add much more to this game, it has great potential."
76561198046137988,Recommended,324260,15181040,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Aaelar,"Although it's in its early stages, this game seems to have a very bright future. At present, the trading and diplomatic systems are very fun and intensive. The combat is more or less just a ""point-and-click"" fight where you just have to attack your enemies until they are destroyed; it's not boring, but it may be able to be improved. The AI can also be improved as well (for example, I witnessed an AI trading frigate crashing into the back of a space station for a solid 10 minutes because it couldn't pathfind its way around it). It's integration of Workshop is of course a big plus as well.The game's not perfect, but it's definitely worth the $15 asking price. The devs seem commited to updating the game and I find it very fun now, much less its future potential."
76561198004046543,Recommended,324260,17853428,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ronin Rin,Great game! Nothing beats exploring space where if you're not careful a fast death will slap you upside your head/hull.Once/If they add territory/sector expansion this game will be unstoppable! Here's hoping!
76561197965618416,Recommended,324260,20783684,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Stinow,"The graphics look really nice. That's about the good news, because I couldn't get any further than that. The game never ran for more than 5 minutes without crashing on my MacBook. Unplayable.Edit: apparently the game allows multiple instances to run at the same time, which is causing the crashes. Developers, you might want to look into this and fix it.The game is very enjoyable. I played it for several hours now and I want to see more. It reminds me of Wing Commander Privateer and X3: Reunion. What I like about VoidExpanse:- Simplicity: Limiting to 2 dimensions, a simple control scheme. It works and feels right.- Graphics: Thruster exhaust and explosions are a joy to look at. Most of the scenery looks nice as well.- Combat: I really enjoy combat in this game. It is a good mix of skill and having the better hardware. It might be too easy, but I don't mind that.There are a few points on which VoidExpanse could do better:- Ship design: I was never proud to own a ship because of its looks. Ships are like cars. When you look at them you should think ""I want to fly that thing!"".- Dialogues: This is by far the weakest link in the game. The dialogues are so shallow you won't feel the slightest empathy for the characters in the game. They're also quite hard to follow because they're spammed on the screen without any non-verbal communication.- Stations: Every station looks the same on the inside, and most of the actions on the station are performed through some user interface. It would be nice to see more of the station interior and to have more variety in station interiors.- Ship components and materials: They look very abstract, having only a coloured icon to represent them. It would be nice to have at least a real picture of the thing."
76561197990089138,Recommended,324260,18598756,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,majorguz,"Love this game.Reminds me of Space Rangers.Nice that you can equip everything on your ships, fully customizable.Very active developer community as well.Definitely a good game to pick up for some nice space adventure / shootouts."
,Recommended,324260,19680061,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Silent Snow,"This game might not be perfect, but it certainly is an overlooked gem. I have a somewhat strange fascination with rogue-likes/lites. I also quite enjoy a nice space exploration game. I quite like this game and I keep coming back. Not all games get the formula right, but I think this one does. Some people might say that this game is too easy. I wouldln't know, I find it just right. I am playing it on Normal difficulty though so your mileage may vary.Graphically, it looks decent enough. It's 3D models and particle effects are quite beautiful with lovely backdrops. I would say though that perhaps the backdrops are a bit too colourful. Most of space is empty and black, and I find it hard to believe that you'd see this other huge galaxy in the distance. Sure it would still be millions of light years away, but isn't very realistic. That isn't to say that I don't appreciate them, I do. It makes it seem a bit less bleak than space normally would be.The music holds up, and gives your ears something to listen to although I didn't much care for the music at the start screen. I like the sound design. Although, the ships don't actually have that much difference in engines and the various other effects are the same if you have a Level 1 or Level 3 Laser.In my current run, I find that Laser Energy weapons are by far the best and easiest to aim. A lot of it comes down to the ship though. There are various types of those. I haven't tried Multiplayer yet, but when I do, I will be sure to comment on it.The story is the same, but the destinations are procedurally generated. There are various types of missions. Rescue, Mining, Delivering Packages, Intel, a few mini-games in hacking Enerak terminals.I discovered that running out of fuel wasn't the end of the world, but you travelled a lot slower, even whilst cruising. Without fuel, your ship is severely exposed and crippled. You have no energy for weapons or shields, but you can still live to fight another day.Is it a perfect game? No. I found a few glitches mostly to do with the autosaving message (it is a bit offscreen, I am playing at 4K. I also found that sometimes when you dock with the autopilot or not, the ship circles around the object a bit swirling closer and closer in and then eventually docking.Overally, I really like this game. There is something about exploring space, fighting pirates, mining, and buying parts for your ship to upgrade it. If you enjoy rogue-likes/-lites then you'll enjoy this."
76561198125254167,Recommended,324260,15207881,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,lummisam,This is an open world space shooter in a procedurally generated galaxy.  It's well implemented but would really benefit from more content.  There's a lot of grinding and repetition.  It has huge potential with the appropriate content updates.
76561198005894566,Recommended,324260,15775430,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BoxingBud,"A very solid space/trading/rpg.VoidExpanse, while I have some personal challenges with it, is a game I can sink my teeth into, and I think you can to if you like space trading, space fighting and rpg games with a bit of random number generation thrown in!You start by creating a universe and a character. She or he will belong to one of a variety of classes, including adventurer which is a bit less skilled but has all trees available to develop. The tutorial certainly explains how the game works and how to play but will not dispense hints or strategies.I find the graphics quite suiting and I personally love the music! I will want it in my media player of choice.The only problems I have are ship piloting can be akward and combat feels inaccurate/clunky, since you have to spin your ship around a lot and also aim for your enemy. Getting swarmed is bad news.$16.99 is worth it for me! If you're still not sure, read more reviews and ask around the discussion groups, there's also gameplay videos online!"
76561198015611457,Recommended,324260,24762677,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Tegin_R,"For a 6 dollar game on sale, I am enjoying the crap out of this. I once played a game very similar and was always on the lookout for that type of game. FOUND IT! :-)Don't think too hard on a game like this. There is no epic story line. No insane graphics. Just simple fun like a phone app. Is it worth six bucks. Absolutely. Is it worth ten or more... meh.. maybe. But, probably not.I look at it this way. If I were to go to the theatre for a movie. I'm going to pay WAAAAYYY more than six bucks for maybe 2 hours (if I'm lucky) of entertainment. This doesn't count gas and driving time.I've already put in almost 9 hours into the game and I feel like I've definitely gotten the value for the cost. That could be 4-6 movies right there. You get the point."
76561198055767367,Recommended,324260,22207344,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ÇǼȘȺȐ,Really fun addictive game here.  Im still exploring threw it and I got to say its alot of fun.  Its a good space shooter with mining and trade with a rpg element for your character.  Pirates to fight off all the time and other factions to deal with. Other place to travel to to upgrade your ships technology and engines.  Earn income just by playing open game and mining if you want.  It is also multiplayer but Ive yet to do that.
,Not Recommended,324260,24713107,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Thulsola,"Meh. It is technically and mechanically solid, but it lacks soul. The game, quite frankly, is boring. I played on the default difficulty, but I can't imagine making the game harder is going to make it any more interesting. So, if you have money burning a hole in your pocket, it is probably worth the price for the ten or fifteen hours it will take you to get bored of it. But if you're on a budget? Go get something else."
,Recommended,324260,18527456,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Joey Two Bastards,Like SPAZ?  Like Freelancer?  Kind of like both.
76561197975672725,Recommended,324260,15229672,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,wrf90,"Great game for the 1st 20 hours or so. After that it becomes brutally hard (in an unbalanced manner, not in a hard-but-fun Dark Souls manner), and as some have noted the mid/end-game is lacking in content. In mid to end-game your RPG skills/ship progression comes to a crawl as difficulty ramps up very suddenly (too suddenly IMHO) while remaining repetitive (combat becomes harder but there's not anything really 'new' to it - compare this to S.P.A.Z. which introduces a whole new combat dynamic (the zombies) mid-game, which keeps things fresh.) Combat at level 5 feels much like combat when you're level 40, it's just much harder. So after a while the game starts to feel like a real grind.This game is like a cross between a prettier S.P.A.Z. and a more action-oriented Space Rangers 2, albeit in a 'light' form. It feels superior to S.P.A.Z.  for the first 10-20 hours because the basic combat mechanics work very well - I love using mines, and it's fun to find just the right weapon combo amongst a pretty good selection of weapons. However VoidExpanse runs out of steam at about level 35-40. Some of the quests are interesting but a most of them get very grindy/cliche/repetitive fast. Still, production values are higher than with SPAZ or Space Rangers 2, and combat is a lot of fun, at least for a while. If the developers put in more mid to end-game content, more high-end ship components, and did more balancing in mid/late game, and added more features like the ability to hire henchman (sometimes you're given a henchman, but it'd be great to hire and manage them at will) then this game would be AWESOME! As it is, like I said it's fun for the first 20 hours, so for $15 I got my money's worth and I give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,324260,15184613,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ajdino,"So far it's really incredible. Extremely atmospheric. The graphics are just gorgeous for an isometric game. The combat is really fun and intuitive. The music is space techno sounding and just fits right in. There's so much to this game that's really promising to me and I'm going to cram more hours in and I'll give a far more detailed review than this one here. What I can say though is that it's a great game for a great price and if you love top down shooters, this is a game that won't disappoint. Support these guys!"
,Recommended,324260,15191105,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Izorion,"Really enjoying this game. It's a must-buy for fans of S.P.A.Z. and Space Rangers. Graphics are very nice, as are the controls and UI. Expansive galaxy map, autopiloting, cruise speeds, skill trees, comprehensive quest journal, customizable ship loadouts, and surprisingly good quest variety are all nice features."
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,324260,15222575,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ketamarine,"I feel extremely mislead by all the positive reviews for this game and wish I had not bought it.It is basically a top down version of freelancer, that plays WAY worse than the game's mechanics that it is COMPLETELY RIPPING OFF - space pirates and zombies (which is a gem BTW) - with an  extremely weak/light RPG skill tree thrown on top of it.The combat/action is horrendous and almost completely unplayable. Spent ~8 hours trying to be an ""engineer/miner"" and 2 entire skill trees are basically useless. The ballistics weapons are unusable and you need the skillpoints put into mining/tech to make up for the insanely sloppy controls. The biggest game design flaw is that they made the game unplaable then only slightly better by unlocking aiming technology over time. AND You CAN'T RESPEC. Just frustrating and stupid.There is no proper controller support in what is effectively a top-down shooter. And throw in some crashes to desktop and saving glitches/bugs...Total fail - no idea how this game is getting positive reviews.Hopefully the devs will take some of the negative feedback seriously and make the gameplay tighter out of the box instead of penalizing players for not specing the right way."
76561198016707912,Recommended,324260,15208388,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,archenemy,"First impressions, after about 6 hours of game, and level 30 character.While definitely worth the price, the game is still lacking compared to classics like Space Rangers, Drox Operative or SPAZ. It needs about 5x as much content as the current selection (5x as much mission types, module and ship types, random stuff happening, etc) to be a real classic. Still, the basics are all good, combat is fun, mining and trading is profitable, there is some danger in dying, so definitely a good start. Devs seem to be working on it with full steam, so that is also good.+- It seems to have a more strict ""storyline"", with some ""story missions"", and the universe seem to be very static unlike Drox or SR. It is somewhat similar to SPAZ in this regard.+- Visuals are okay, but nothing stellar. Personally I like this, but some people might want a prettier game.+ Some missions can be solved multiple ways, which I liked very much. Fight, negotiate, or just betray the questgiver all count.+ Mining is somewhat entertaining and can be profitable unlike most space games.+ A good selection of weapons, like mines, guided and unguided missiles, pulse and beam lasers, plasma, machine gun, gauss gun, etc.+ Fight is also fun, if you like realtime dogfights with active aiming and such.Negatives:- Ships are less free to change around. Ships come with weapon hardpoints, like 2 missile and 1 laser slot, witch you cannot change. You cannot install multiple shields on a ship or anything like that like in Drox.- There aren't much random mission types, just mine stuff (always the same type and amount!), kill pirates, escort stuff.- There aren't any random events (or at least I didn't found). No ""treasure maps"" or ambushes or such.- The game world seems to be a bit empty, despite having asteroids, wrecks, pirates and such - they just wander around aimlessly, instead of actively building an empire or something, like in Drox or SR. Maybe adding radio messages and such, showing what each NPC is doing, would solve this."
76561198061431661,Recommended,324260,15243340,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ABomb80,"Let me start with this disclaimer:  Thus far I haven't put much time into this game.That said, I expect I'll definitely be playing more in the days and weeks to come.  At that point, my viewpoint may change but right now, I definitely recommend this game.The gameplay is simple, and it's easy enough to pick up and play.  For some that seems to be a turn off, which I understand, but in this case disagree with.The top-down play, along with the general atmoshpere of this game, makes for a relaxing experience (in a good way).  It's very pretty, but not in the ""Yeah, it looks good, but plays like poo"" style.For me, this game scratches the Wing Commander Privateer itch very well, even if it is a simpler title.  By comparison to that game, this one plays much more simply.This game may not be for everybody, but it's a thumbs-up for me."
76561197996972957,Not Recommended,324260,29283463,Posted: 15 January,all,sir Evans,"TL:DR;Grind. Terrible grind. Terrible, boring grind. Very few types of non-story missions.Very limited character customization - you can live with it - but you can't live with very shallow SHIP CUSTOMIZATION.Skills are limited and at max can give you like +50% increase. Boring story. Boring combat (is there just one explosion animation?).Verdict: No, not really. Even heavily modded with good ships, this game is a chore to play and simply gets so boring so fast.If you compare it to, say, Space rangers 2, it's like 1/5 od SR in terms of size, customization, quests and fun.I had very high hopes for this game seeing positive reviews, but it doesn't live to expectations.Also keep in mind no new updates in almost a year, despite the game being 2 years old and costing 15$.Skip it. You really will not miss much."
76561197995159815,Recommended,324260,15241253,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Anton,"If you like the genre this is a must have. Great game, great developers and it comes at a cheap price, too."
,Not Recommended,324260,15552530,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Hambone,"This is still a very unpolished game.  I'm still experiencing a lot cases where the game crashes on start, and occasionally during gameplay.The combat system is OK, but there's few quests and the ones that exists are the tired old 'fetch me X number of Ys', kill this enemy, rescue this NPC.  Some of the faction quests actually involve dialog, and those are OK, but too few and too shallow. There's very little plot in this game.The backgrounds, planets and ships and space stations are definitely beautiful, there's no lack of pretty graphics.Issues with the Gameplay:Autopilot will run into stationary objects like space junk and asteroids.  It's bad enough that it plots courses through groups of enemy ships, but it's a space game. Even if you're only allowed to move in a 2D plane the autopilot could go under or over those obsticles, or just plot a course around.SWARMS of PIRATES EVERYWHERE.  There's just too freakin' many.  Tone it down, especially in space controlled by other factions.I've had the game for 2 days, and I've already got all the best equipment in the whole game.  It appears that the rest of the game will just be an annoying grindfest and the tenuous plot isn't enough to make me want to finish.Also a recommendation, just one jumpgate per system.  That gate should be able to send you to the other connected systems. So when you get a fetch quest you don't get blown up while the autopilot crashes you into asteroids while a dozen pirates rain fire on your ship. Then you can reward curious players that take the time to explore a system by hiding interesting things in it (and no, the alien relics that are only good for science points don't count. Interesting stuff, more stories, easter eggs, etc.)And more plot...some of the faction quests were nice, but there needs to be more!"
76561197965285141,Recommended,324260,15223144,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Frizzank,fun game just what I wanted in a space adventure....
76561198058659599,Recommended,324260,15227432,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,GoldenOctopus,"Great space-opera RPG, there is more to come, but this an excellent 2D EVE Online alternative!"
76561198059647284,Not Recommended,324260,16421977,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,huhla,"The game gets boring very quickly...UPDATE: the newest update, v1.4, brings some new content. However, the biggest pain is still there: it's money and travelling. There is no problem earning money: you can hunt, trade or mine. It's extremely boring. Of course, money is needed to get better equipement to proceed with the quests. Travelling is boring, too. It is also needed and there is little fun in it and not much of a way to speed it up (well, the autopilot helps but it's stupid). On the other hand, the update brought some new content which makes the game more fun but does not counterweight the two problems at all."
76561198028021739,Not Recommended,324260,24420279,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Chancellor Palpy,"Game time is not correct. I really have about 12 hours into it. This is better than Endless sky as the interface is much more intuitive here. Battles and overall action and space ambience is more interactive as well. However this is still far behind Space Pirates and Zombies 1. I really wanted this to love this game, but the best part so far is the soundtrack.I got worried when the campaign starts by asking the size of the game you want, and had a generated ID for it. Sometimes, like in SPAZ, the randomness is not such a bad thing. Adjusting the starting modifiers did little to change the actual game or my experience in it.The graphics in the HUD and outer space area is not bad. In fact the exhaust trail and weapons and shield graphics were more than acceptable. However, when at the space station store, items to buy and sell look hand drawn by an 8 year old. The change is jarring.Early on I tried getting to the first planet and got killed very often by pirates. I could not even get 15 seconds out from the main space station without getting killed. Eventually I found a few asteroids, mined for resources, found a pirate and either killed them, or died and lost all my cargo and $ for ressurection. Repeat that process many times and eventually I had enough money for better equipment. Not too bad, but repetitive and boring after a short while. The autopilot will get you killed. Pirate and AI combat is always the same. There is no way to shrink down travel time so just going from place to place feels tedious. After a very short while you see how shallow the game is. Pirates are everywhere, but loot is minimal at best. Player mods are great, but shouldn't be relied on to actually enjoy a gameThe worst part? Crashes. I tried mining an asteroid. Half the time it worked. The rest it would crash the game. Reinstalled and same thing happened. A save game got corrupted as well. I paid about $8 and that feels too high."
76561198052169079,Recommended,324260,30368793,Posted: 7 March,all,Majoraswrath96,"Ton of fun, suprisingly one of my most played steam games. More than worth the money, excited for the DLC"
,Not Recommended,324260,15605996,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Consul,"Eh.This game's pretty clunky. Everything feels sluggish: the weird compromise between dogfighting-esque inertia and the coasting you get from Newtonian flight models mires the maneuvering way too much. It really hurts the combat, too. And even if you decide to forego the combat for a mercantile approach, you're treated to a loading screen every time you dock or undock. Yet leveling up and inventory management happens in real time? Doesn't seem consistent.Hopefully this stuff gets addressed since I love the 90s FMV sci fi game aesthetic of the interiors. Gonna be honest, though: if I could get a refund, I wouldn't look back."
76561198133037325,Recommended,324260,15206487,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,LunchBawx939,"This is the closest you are going to get to space rangers, i am a few hours into the game and i can tell i am going to  enjoy this game for many many hours to come, it is well made and it runs on toasters!!! and still looks great doing it :)if you like space rangers pick this up for sure."
76561197976525405,Recommended,324260,15258378,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ComGaunt,"Wonderful topdown Elite clone with RPG elements of a skill tree for your character and the customization of your space ship.The combat is similar to Subspace, not sure if anyone remembers that old space combat multiplayer game from the 90's.Your ships have hardpoints which can be fixed (you have to turn your ship to aim) or are turrets that turn a certain amount of degrees and you can aim that way.  Either way,  turning the ship around quickly is important and when things get more difficult your skill (not the skill of your character) of piloting your craft will make a big difference.The fact that the combat is realtime and dependent upon your piloting skill can make the game more frustrating than for example Drox operative which is turn based and the combat is similar to SPAZ.I am 7.5 hours into my second campaign, my character is level 32 and I am enjoying the game immensely by just farming pirates. I have read some of the negative reviews and I agree that the game probably needs more content but otherwise it is perfect for me. I did encounter two crashes so far which is very annoying.Pros:- Open world ""feels"" open-RPG skills work for unlocking weapons/ships and make your character more effective. I would have been happy with justthe ""RPG"" system of upgrading my ship so the added bonus of having a skill tree is awesome- Combat is fun, I enjoy ploughing through  hordes of pirates/aliens- The different weapon systems and energy/kinetic weapons work well... seems balanced/make sense- Ship customization is fun, there are a lot of combination to try. The hull is just another equipment slot so you caneasily swap ships if you want to change from your combat vessel to your mining vessel with more cargo space.- Hunting pirates, mining, trading is easy to do.. all you need to do is find pirates, asteroids and space stations and you are off.- Mods, I can't wait for the game to be out longer and having more mods to install :)- Price, great value for $15Cons:- Needs more content, under extras on the main menu there is an ""upcoming"" button which lists all the things the dev is planning so I think we are good... also the mods will help- Difficulty can  be frustrating sometimes"
76561198028182224,Recommended,324260,15652913,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,timbo0812,The pros:-- Great engine-- Fun combat-- Good aestheticsThe Cons:-- Not enough content-- Character classes don't really matter-- Multiplayer not finishedI recommend this game because it has the potential of being amazing. I bought it because it kind of reminded me of Starflight. It has that same feel in a lot of ways. Once this game has more meat to it I believe it will be fantastically appealing.
,Recommended,324260,15235448,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,CrazyIvanTR,"It's like SPAZ with multiplayer. Not much to say, other than recommended. (Sandbox 2d space game with minecraft-like servers)Just a sidenote, it does crash sometimes."
,Recommended,324260,15234893,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Pinkeh,"Like a 2D top-down Freelancer merged with Space Pirates and Zombies game play. I'm enjoying this a lot. With a few mods, this game will be excellent.I created a massive energy weapon and mounted on my personal dreadnaught warship.  I ventured out to the Alien territories and obliterated everything in sight.Check out my workshop for more details and mods."
76561198066129557,Recommended,324260,15237382,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Black Lantern,"VoidExpanse is a pretty fun game, if you know what to expect.  If you ever played Smugglers 1-4 and enjoyed the slow style, then this is a step in the more action oriented direction.  While this has the same mechanics, it is a top down action space game.  It is definitly fun for levels 1-25 but after that, it will get repetetive as you move towards the bigger ships.  I can see a lot more fun being had if you were online with a large group, and PVP was an option.  I played only single player for a decent amount of hours, and ultimately enjoyed it."
,Recommended,324260,15303770,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,skookiesprite,"Pick-up and play simplicity merge seamlessly with in depth character and ship management in this wonderfully refreshing package. Hyper addictive, with multiplayer capabilities, tons to explore, this game is a ton of fun. Hear my audio review in my podcast below.http://bestlinuxgames.com/?q=content/best-linux-games-podcast-ep-24-99-waves-die-fallen-a2p-crazy-steam-bros-ii-voidexpanse"
,Recommended,324260,18475092,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,CmdrZoidberg,"This is the only game that fills the gaping hole left by the lack of EV:N sequels. If you've been searching for that game, you've found it. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,324260,23482179,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,monsterfurby,"I refunded the game after a fairly short time playing, but let me point out that its core gameplay seems solid. However, the simplistic look combined with the static nature of the galaxy make VoidExpanse basically just another top-down-view space trading sim. The game would be a shoo-in for a feature like dynamic factions and borders, but instead, even though the map is generated, factions remain static in their starting positions and never expand or fight.The leveling system is pretty well done, with fairly interesting skill trees, but doesn't really add much to a game that is, ultimately, very empty.Several years ago, this would have been a worthy competitor to Escape Velocity Nova and similar games, but with newer, more dynamic games like Drox Operative on the market, I feel that, unfortunately VoidExpanse doesn't really add anything that others don't already do better."
76561198072380091,Recommended,324260,15188376,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,whatdoesthisbuttondo?,"(Review of Linux version)Quite enjoyable game, albeit it is a bit short on content currently.The game is mod-friendly and has workshop support, so there'll probably be quite some community content coming up.The devs appear to be very active and investigating problems people are having.Price is fair for an indie game, and it definitely is fun to play."
,Recommended,324260,18488053,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Nox,"Interesting game along the vein of Drox Operative, etc.  Very moddable, and the graphics are well polished.  Gameplay is reasonably tight.Definitely worth a go."
76561197988125375,Recommended,324260,15719727,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,davet517,Great game
,Recommended,324260,15857167,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Ytrog,It is an awesome space rpg
76561198029378307,Recommended,324260,15906551,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,FelixMato,Amazing game . Just buy it you won't see the end of it
76561198001969573,Not Recommended,324260,21939089,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SF8 PACCBET,"Когда меня заставили лететь через всю галактическую карту, на автопилоте с которым нельзя даже альтабнуться что бы посмотреть картинки с котиками, игра была удалена. Первые пару часов казалось что это что-то вроде космических рейнджеров с армадой. На деле это только тренировка терпения. НБЦ"
,Recommended,324260,21478829,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MachoPungrotten,nice game. has a retro feeling :)
76561197991560209,Recommended,324260,15937287,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,kaboooom2000uk,Played it for several hours and I am already hooked.
76561197970806467,Recommended,324260,18957782,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,matj654,"An awesome game, simple and fun. I LOVE space trading/combat sims and this is a really good one. Highly recommended."
76561198098762344,Recommended,324260,18657153,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ddd,Good game. Recommending to play. Still gets frequent updates.
76561198082652879,Recommended,324260,15193458,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ra!n3,"Despite the few bugs it has that doesn't let people start at all without crashing (fix out on the forums)it suddenly started working!If you are into roguelike hit n' run scifi adventures, grab it while it's hot!"
76561198001112525,Recommended,324260,18855157,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Mist Raven,"Great game for the money, and I'm a very harsh Critic...One of My Favorite game of all time is Space Rangers and this game is very similar...It reminds me of a stripped down version with Multiplayer and can get a little repetative, grindy, and lackluster after a while, But it is definatly worth the time and money spent on it...Pros:SandBox so you can go into a lvl 100 sector at lvl 5 if you are bold enoughSimple to learnMultiplayer Online Play and PVPManualy controlled CombatHuge universe to explore and exploitHuge Variations of Ships, equipment and resourcesLots of Customization via skill treeGreat Gameplay balance that isnt extremely hard or very easy on equal levelsCons:GrindyRepetative misionsNeeds a bit more Variety to keep me interested but as I said I'm a harse critic and get bored easilyGraphics could be better but They aren't all that important in this type of gameFinal Verdict:Definatly not a waste of money and I highly recommend you at least try this If you are a fan of Space Rangers type games because the Online gameplay is lots of fun if you can handle a minimal amount of grinding and repetative station missions to level up and grind for loot...."
76561197989398314,Recommended,324260,20730704,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lurker,"It's an OK game, and I will never finish it because it's poorly balanced on a grinding side.Anyway, if you wonder, yes, it's a good Space Rangers clone, definitely less cool, and has much less features, but since there are not many SR like games, this one deserves my up vote.If you do not know what Space Rangers are, just skip VoidExpanse."
76561198156215092,Recommended,324260,23546620,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Neo Blitz,It's the little things in life that are enjoyable and this little thing was quite enjoyable!
76561198000903121,Recommended,324260,18803950,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tasl,"I like it but it did get old for me after a while.  Be sure to set your auto-save to a shorter time period than the default.  I, like many others, had an issue with the game crashing.  The shorter auto-save really... well saved me in that respect.The mods that are already available in the steam workshop really do make this games playtime potentially endless.  I have ventured into multiplayer a little bit and even on the lowest ping (50ms) I noticed quite a bit of chop that I didn't notice in single player.  That could partially explain why multi-player on public games is a bit of a ghost town right now.  Also the lack of transference from one game to another.  It's an rpg that takes hours or even days to customize your character just the way you want it... and then you get to start back at square 1 when you enter a new multiplayer game.Still as noted I do recommend this game, particularly on a steam sale.  You'll get a couple weeks of fun out of it, but the sun won't come up in the middle of a play session."
76561198172008442,Recommended,324260,18812748,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,hopparz,"Pros: Free will, and many combat options, Good amount of ships, weapons, and not overwhelming skilltree. Autopilot. and manuvering options.Cons: After some time, the private job missions, are boring, and always the same. Mining doesn't result else just ore, nothing special, or hidden surpises.Game experience: Alltogether nice, good playable game even in low profile machines, for me it runs on integrated Ati 4000 pretty nicely on windows 10."
76561198001449864,Recommended,324260,20515768,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,dimensional42,"Played for about an hour, and like it so far. Reminds me a lot like Transcendance, but with more missions, story, and customizability for the ship."
76561197979182327,Recommended,324260,35247327,Posted: 27 September,all,TD Bauer,"Been eyeing this game for a while, and despite the mixed reviews I decided to buy it.  Glad I did, this is a fun indie game.If you are into space, flying around from various star systems, trading good, mining asteroids, hunting space pirates, fighting aliens, modding ships with cool tech, building up your character with new skills... if you are into any of that and more, then you should check this little gem of a game out.If you are into making game mods... you can do that with this game as well.  Somebody made Star Wars ship mods that I have yet to check out, but look like fun!As an old school gamer, who had fun playing games like Sentinel Worlds on the C64, and Hard Nova on the Amiga 500... this game kinda reminds me a little of those early RPG space games.Would like to see more games like this."
,Recommended,324260,35507744,Posted: 5 October,all,Kerensky,"Nice spaceship ARPG, multiplayer seems to be empty unfortunately."
76561198021080609,Not Recommended,324260,15199674,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sneak,Played very little. The game had potential but didn't do much with it.Also: Beware of Spam. Use a throw-away email address whenever you have contact with AtomicTorch Studio Pte. Ltd. because they will send you company updates and advertisements for their other games and expansions. Unsubscribing to their various lists only prevents spam for the next roughly 3 months. I unsubbed twice in the last half year and still got another spam mail today.
,Recommended,324260,15243166,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TekZombie,Fun game.  I would definitely recommend it if you enjoy overhead shooter-type space adventures with rpg elements sprinkled in.I have no complaints for what it offers right now at the asking price.  Hoping development continues as there is a strong foundation here that could easily be built upon by both developers and modders providing even more value.
,Recommended,324260,15204244,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shadowhenge,"I picked this game because I was looking for games similar to the old Cosmic Rifts game from SOE and Starscape from Moonpod.  This is exactly what I was hoping it would be and it's still early enough in development that it can only get better.  Gameplay is smooth for the most part and there's alot of situations where no matter how good you are you're going to eat it.  Avoid the escort missions as the AI will always just ram you over and over again till you're dead making them nearly impossible to complete unless you have fast enough engines to outrun them.  Otherwise a solid game.  The nearly 8 hours I have into it are in one sitting.  Oh, and ignore their forums if you have Chrome and avoid other browsers.  It glitches and locks you out then refuses to load at all."
,Not Recommended,324260,22130651,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,PerfectXtreme,"Very simple game, not worth much more than $5 during a sale.Basically you'll slowly fly around grinding out 2d quests that involve collecting X items or killing something.  A LOT of fedex style missions auto running between locations.This feels like it should be a mobile/touch only game it's so basic."
,Not Recommended,324260,15230697,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zeekez,"Game is pretty fun as single player, but horrible as multiplayer. I joined my buddies to take down the alien scum, but it turns out that in multiplayer - you can't liberate systems! After you join a faction you are literally stuck with nothing to do but mindless missions to make money for upgrades. And it is one purposeQuote from Dev:""This is done on purpose. Just imagine what would happen if you kill all aliens and ""win"" the game. What about the other players? So, in MP it is a pure sandbox where you can play with other players indefinitely.""So MP is basically a static universe where you can't change anything. It's a fun single player game but has no value as multiplayer."
76561198042353357,Recommended,324260,15468606,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Rico,"How Yes, Its NIce"
76561197972926578,Recommended,324260,15207449,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Pophorn,A nice Space Ranger/SPAZ clone. With a multiplayer :) Well done.
76561197979099756,Recommended,324260,18452185,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,JazzyJet,"Really cool game, hope it grows"
,Recommended,324260,15194115,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,codizzle00,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! It's a must buy! :D
,Recommended,324260,18600896,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ritsuka,"I would like to start off by saying, Thank you Devs, for providing colorblind support! That is rare in most games, and the extra effort was greatly appreciated by a colorblind gamer.Overall, I would score this game a 7/10, it doesn't bring anything new to the table in the 4x space genre but, it does what it does well, and for a casual game it is entertaining."
76561198009860365,Recommended,324260,15189408,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Angry|Postman,Uncompatible with Wacom.  If you use one of those don't bother.
76561198013001990,Recommended,324260,16983851,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,[OSF]-ThelastSpecter,fun
76561197964012765,Not Recommended,324260,21739471,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Raine,"looks fantastic... played 10 hrs and havent felt the urge to play it again, kinda meh."
,Not Recommended,324260,21590267,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Bane Train,I don't know how to feel about this game ae. It has some awesome points but I feel still you would be better off buying the iPhone game called ULTRAVIOLET DAWN. Its cheaper and combat is a lot more fun. Hell of a less grindy too. If the devs were smart they would pay attention to that games combat and make it more smooth. All in all not a bad game but also not a game to buy outside of a 75% off sale
76561198026398299,Not Recommended,324260,24900941,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Palad1n,"The game has some fun moments when you first start playing, however the MP experience which many enjoy is severely lacking. Very limited in terms of types of ships you can obtain, upgrades, and trading is very basic and the galaxy map is very small (Even on the largest setting).The combat sytem is more of a fast paced arcade shooter and you feel like your flying a fighter ship, as none of the ships feel like bigger ships at all.In it's current iteration, the game feels like just another attempt to make a decent top down space 4x game of some kind, but the updates are very slow and the most recent update didn't really add much. It's beginning to look / feel like another dev ""burned out"" on something that had potential.There are 3 different factions you can potentially join, however 1 faction (Freedom) has a known bug issue that prevents you from joining if you mess up on 1 of the 4 required to join them. There is no 2nd chance, no added missions that will let you join later, just another example of how limited and basic the faction system currently is.If your looking for a handful of hours for something fast paced and somewhat challenging (if you set up the difficulty), you might give it a try, but I would hold off until there was a sale on the game.I would love to see the developer become serious about their game and add in the much needed features, content, etc, and would be willing to review the game again and update my recommendation if they ever decide to do so."
76561198042403506,Not Recommended,324260,18390131,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Blackend,Played many hours. every updates seems to crash and you have to hunt around the internet trying to find a fix.
76561198006513930,Recommended,324260,15202817,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,10 mins,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥requires an online connection to play singleplayer. Get ♥♥♥♥ed.Also the projectiles are black blocks for whatever reason.edit; projectile thing fixed with the new update
,Recommended,324260,15277342,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,lockwoodx,"Man oh man where to begin. This game is a mishmash of so many great sci-fi titles I'm just going to hilight a few of the ones they took the best qualities from. First there's the combat which for oldschool guys will remind you of a modernized Starcontrol 2 melee battle right away with its newtonian physics and fast paced action. Then in 2002 there was this great little SHUMP called Starscape which I beleive to be the true spiritual successor to this title. Look it up on Steam and watch the trailer to know what I mean. It was a blend of the classic arcade game Sinistar that threw a touch of Wing Commander Privateer's exploration, commerce and ship upgrades into the mix. Now add in expansive multiplayer that can support up to 10,000 people per server, RPG dialogue, factions, character creation, player classes, and FTL's hypnotic space opera music score on top of all of that and you've got Void Expanse. You can focus on combat, mining, salvage, exploration, you name it. The learning curve is easy to pick up, controls extremely crisp and the multiplayer features allow for PvE and FFA PvP servers. There's even full steamworks and modding support.All in all despite the occasional crash/bug, this game is a total package and steal for the modest price tag."
,Not Recommended,324260,22860570,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DistortionUltra,"I want to recommend this game, I really do, it plays super well. But the save system is so broken. By default it makes the game hardcore. I can't risk trading with a freighter even in the lightest combat areas, beacause if i undo auto pilot, and barley tap a piece of space junk, I explode. And loose 10,000k worth of medicine. Twice. Not being able to save in different slots makes me not even want to continue my 6 or 7 hour game after a few huge setbacks. If they have a workshop workaround or if the change that, I'd change my mind."
,Recommended,324260,15478862,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Logined,Space Rangers Reloaded. Better everything.Just add some more text quests and quests in general. The♥♥♥♥♥♥is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Damn 101 out of 100.
,Recommended,324260,15223424,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,labtob,plz help. this game is very addictive :O
76561197993273979,Not Recommended,324260,15662040,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Susramanian,"What happens when a game developer treats the patience of the player as a resource? Eventually, players run out of patience and quit.What do I mean, treating patience as a resource? For example, consider a piece of equipment in this game called the Combat Thruster (or something like that). It gives all sorts of great combat stats, but wrecks your cruising speed, which is the speed the autopilot mostly uses... and boy, do you spend a lot of time using autopilot in this game (backtracking to turn in quests, etc.). So when trying to decide whether to use this item, you're really trying to decide whether you're willing to endure more tedium than you already are.How many decisions like that is a player going to make before quitting?"
76561197984481085,Recommended,324260,15220307,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Wink,"I played starflight years ago, and I keep hoping for a game along these lines.This one is okay, its not inspired, but its well executed.  The ballance is pretty good -- not too easy or too hard to get along.  The graphics are fine, and the quests are okay.   However, there is no deep underlying awe of the vast universe."
76561198000917712,Recommended,324260,20147434,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DarknessEyes,Rating 5 of 10.# Good* Almost everything. Its like Freelancer game but in top down.# Bad* The combat: Enemies stand still or fly backwards making them easy targets. Ships of your level die in few hits/seconds.
76561198084004954,Not Recommended,324260,21933709,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Dante,"This game is fun, but unfortunately it is also very small. I liked what I had played, but there just isnt much content in it. When I was done with the game, I felt like something was missing, or the game was half-finished."
,Not Recommended,324260,17382014,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,NordLead,"Constantly Crashes, once thats fixed and the music is somewhat enhanced then perhaps i shall return."
,Not Recommended,324260,25580694,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dexios S. Divine,"Great fun at the start, jack shi.t to do in the mid to late. Better off finding another space sim to play."
76561198043415466,Not Recommended,324260,24312905,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,finalcrasher,1. the ships is too few!2. the weapons is too few!3. the slot of turrets is too few!4. there is no battleship in game!
76561198077358399,Not Recommended,324260,25878765,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Thulsa Fucking Doom,"This game feels like an mmorpg -- in that you have to grind and grind to get a fancy ship.  I don't mind grinding in games if it is fun, but this one is a little dry.  The combat is a bit fun, if one-dimensional.  Beyond that, you can be a trader or a miner.  And in this sterile universe, that is even more boring than other games.I just spent a huge  amount of money on a heavy cruiser, and then immediately saw that I hated it (because of the weapon mounts' locations and aiming angles).  Recouping all that money is a burden I don't want to go through again.There is no player base anymore, so multiplayer is out.not rec'd"
76561198011458299,Not Recommended,324260,24182328,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Shruggy,"Terrible sluggish, clunky movement. Boring repetitive gameplay. Childish design and look. Definitely not worth the price."
,Not Recommended,324260,19977274,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nipaxon,"Thought it would be a cool game. It wont even start, just a black screen and the mouse loading icon. Then it just stops working."
,Not Recommended,324260,15279794,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Darkrash,"I simply can't recommend this game at it's current state!This poist explaines it all:http://steamcommunity.com/app/324260/discussions/0/611702631224026930/It's a really big shame, because it's a REALLY COOL GAME!But if you only have the ""Full game"" in ""Single player"" and you want to play it with friends to expand your faction, then don't even bother buying this game atm! Because you CAN'T expand your faction in multiplayer, and your story quest's will STOP as soon you enter a faction."
,Not Recommended,324260,15321368,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mosaic,"Too buggy currently. Still has crash bugs. Has other bugs too, like being unable to dock at all. Your ship just sits there in space wiggiling a little bit and you can do nothing. Not even quit the game unless you force quit. I loved Escape Velocity back in the day and was hoping this was similiar. While it is, it isn't near as polished or in depth as something like EVN was. Honestly, this game probably needed a couple more months of polish at the very least."
76561198149390736,Recommended,324260,20600802,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Unknown,my windows 10 pc can not load a save but other than that and some lag it is a grate game
76561198047573978,Not Recommended,324260,15194651,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,leatherst,"Bought this game and i cannot even play it. Broken, do not buy until fixed! Caution for those interested in this game."
76561198141181966,Not Recommended,324260,24339529,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Manta Style,This game is DEAD.Don't buy it.
76561198015130442,Not Recommended,324260,22208409,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Chemical art,"This game is more slippery then hockey, despite the latter actually being on ice."
76561198061254484,Not Recommended,324260,16383559,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Majin no Kuragari,"Cool game. Got me playing for 7 Hours straight on the first try. Sadly unable to reccomend it, due to it crashing multiple time. Crashes are the one thing, that are just not tolerable in a game."
76561197986443427,Not Recommended,324260,15225263,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Rackminster,"I appreciate the work that goes into an Indie title, but that doesn't mean I'm automatically going to recommend it because it's Indie and an impressive effort for that alone.  I don't regret the purchase simply because it's a 'value' title.  If I had to choose again, I would have saved the money and spent it elsewhere.Disclaimer: I have not beaten this game - but in 7 hours of play I did get to level 34 and have explored a large number of sectors.  I'm going to continue for a while and will revise my review if anything compelling happens to alter my feelings.The Good:Ships are customizableOpen galaxy to exploreWell planned character skill treeAttractive backdrops and workable graphicsDevices make for some worthwhile combos - like mining for ore and using it for repairsAutopilot works wellA solid Indie effortThe Meh:Weapons aren't well balanced and lasers rule combatEnemies don't aggro unless you're within a short rangeEnemies largely sit in one spot and wait for you to come kill themMissions and combat are extremely repetitiveA fair number of possible ships and equipment to choose from, but only a few worth usingAutopilot used extensively to get around - you watch the game play itself while you travelLevels come pretty quickly and end up feeling less important for thatThe Bad:The universe feels largely unalive and soulless - it feels like a paint the by numbers adventure kitCombat is soggy as you have to compensate for ship momentum and weapon arcsAI ""Allies"" are dumb as bricks and very much in the way instead of helping"
76561197965588514,Not Recommended,324260,15272169,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Thunderballs,"NOTE: I edit my original view based on my disatisfaction at  the current state of multiplayer, and my doubt that there will ever be a viable multiplayer experience in this game.The game mechanics simply don't allow for a fulfilling multiplayer experience. If you are interested in single player, pick this up on sale. If your intent is to play with friends on a private server, go for it. If however, you are looking for an ongoing, stable community, that allows open sandbox gameplay as the game is designed to accomodate, don't buy. All servers are player hosted, subject to admin abuse, subject to server ruleset constraints. There is no dedicated server sponsored by the developers."
,Recommended,324260,31687598,Posted: 11 May,all,Clown Morty,F*cking amazing!
76561198003188514,Recommended,324260,15177081,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,duckman,I asked an NPC his 2 sons names...Tango and Cash...Sold.. 10/10
76561198111166459,Not Recommended,324260,17826269,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sil3nT,this is BS. using a macbook. i played only 1.5hours or so. the rest of the time restarting my com by improper shutting it down. when it runs it run perfectly. after that it just stuck at the loading screen. waste of time. and i cant get a refund. FFF..
76561197969911882,Not Recommended,324260,22681833,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ichthyroid,"Had issues with a laggy loading screen and thought it locked up. Got into the game after a bit of futzing with the resolution to make it more responsive. Once the game loaded, I didn't understand what I was supposed to do. Already being slightly frustrated from the menu experience, I opted to just quit and get a refund before it was too late.But it looked like it could be cool."
76561198013424889,Not Recommended,324260,30133374,Posted: 23 February,all,vcuaoiwk,craptastic
,Not Recommended,324260,15344021,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,CaptDreyfuss,"UPDATE:I have seen very little progressOld Review 2015I look forward to watching this develop, great start!"
76561198068065140,Not Recommended,324260,15246069,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mordeth Kai,"Always on DRMFor the first time I tried to run the game with steam in offline mode and discovered the game will not run without internet. On a matter of principle, I cannot recommend it."
76561198000162428,Not Recommended,324260,15270547,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,TheLimeExplorer,definitely not worth 15 $the game isnt crazy good right now but the simplicity leads me to beleive thats its gonna have lots of stuff in the future.kinda like minecraft and terraria void expanse will be the 2d version of elite dangerous. terraria having wayyyyy more content (mods dont count)........................dead and hasnt seen an update since september which was a small bug fix and they resized some windows...ill rewrite this review when i consider it good again
76561198061823625,Recommended,324260,35481787,Posted: 4 October,all,Saffron,"So I'm flying around my newbie ship in the starting system having a pretty good time with the game. I did the opening quests, rescued a few survivors, killed some pirate lieutenants, and mined a LOT of asteroids. You can never have too much money when you first start a game.After mining, I loaded up on all the best kit available at the starting station -- whichi sn't very much. I put a light laser and autocannon on my ship, bought a new engine that even the item's description said was a bad engine, but it was still better than the civilian engine I was currently using. The rest of the kit I had on my ship was the stuff you start the game with. There just wasn't anything else to buy.Now I choose to locate the Order faction recruiter who was located 3 jumps away. No problem. I make the jump to the first system right next door to the starting system -- and I'm immediately destroyed by a swarm of pirates. Yeah,  it's the standard jump gate ambush tactic that I really loathe.  By the time you've even oriented on the change of scenery and figured out which ship is actually yours, you're dead.I tried just letting autopilot take me through the swarm on cruise -- but that doesn't work, either. First, there's usually a collision or two, slowing your ship down to a crawl. If you manage to get through that, the range on the pirate's weapons reaches halfway across the system, so you're still getting pummeled even if you run away.Okay, forget that quest. I'll do it later. So I decide to jump to a different system, a high tech system right next door with a danger rating of 4. Oh good, maybe I can buy better weapons or even a better hull with more hardpoints. How dangerous can a danger rating of 4 be, anyway?I jump through to the high tech system and -- yeah, you guessed it. Another pirate swarm. This time I managed to blow through them but ended up with no shields and only 35% of my structure remaining. I fly for a second or two and ended up in the middle of a second pirate swarm.Because yeah, the pirates seem to know the moment you jump into the system and know exactly where you are. I don't even have time to open up my map to plot a course to a station. If I try to do that, I get killed. Again.Hey, I don't want a game to be pathetically easy -- but when you can't even leave the starting system without getting obliterated mere seconds after jumping, that's not a challenge, that's developmental griefing. In essence, you've programmed the AI to mimic the worst kind of behavior of real people.And I don't have any options. It's not like this happened mid-game and I have a bad spec or a lousy ship. It's not like I can improve my ship in any way, either, since the only station accessible is the station you start in.I really should give this game a thumbs down. I really should. I hate griefers so much that I stopped playing multiplayer games altogether -- there's no sportsmanship, no sense of honor. Games are so stupidly competitive now that bad behavior is just part of the so-called ""fun.""So when the AI is actually programmed to mimic griefers ambushing you at the jump gate ... reminds me of EVE Online , well, I should give it a bad review.And no, I don't want to hear anyone defending multiplayer and how people behave -- and how not everyone is like that, blah blah. Yeah, I know not everyone is like that. But all it takes is a few. No point in calling me names, either, because that would just prove my point, now, wouldn't it.At any rate, I'll still give this game a thumbs up because, aside from the pirate swarms at the jump gates, it's actually a fun little game. It would be nice if the devs toned down the ridiculous pirate swarms -- especially around the jump gates near the starting location -- but I doubt that will ever happen."
