user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198209332252,Recommended,324310,23352654,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,finomondo,"I decided to rewrite my review to make it more helpful.Some pros of the game:- Affordable price- Support for steering wheels- Quality despite simplicityFollowing may be pro/contra depending of what you are expecting:- Simple control- Simple game interface- A scenario which keep you busy for about 20 hours of gameplayKnown genetic problems of this publisher:- Game engine puts heavy load on your system- AI is not very good. (Without great fails though.)Some additional information:- I found I drive better with keyboard than with steering wheel.- Some people report 3-4 FPS. They have Intel HD graphics. Game should not be run with that graphics solution at all.- Some people report 30 FPS on lowest settings, while having 60-70 FPS on best settings in other games. Raise settings from lowest at least to average and you still will have 30 FPS but better experience. It is not graphics what is putting heavy load on your system it is game engine what cause that number of FPS.Recommendation:- Don't buy if you have non-top laptop.- Buy if you have steering wheel. (Not many games are utilizing that device good.)- Buy for kid. (Affordable price and good ethics in game.)- Buy for yourself if you have an hour or two after work and middle to top desktop. (Can be used in pair with weaker laptop with in-home streaming feature).With my kind regards,finomondo"
,Recommended,324310,21614731,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,KHRO 100 HCHA,"I'm just reviewing this game not because I felt like it was something necessary to do, but to balance the user score.Bus Simulator 16 is a really good game! It allows you to drive and manage a bus on the road, plan its routes, take good care of its passengers, deal with misfortunes inside and outside of your bus, and it also allows you to macromanage your own bus company as a whole: buy buses and customize their exteriors with paints and decals, create and handle with your own routes so that you and your employees can make good use of them, make a nice profit, all a management sim could allow you to do.Of course the game has flaws! It's not too pretty visually, got some nasty bugs and a few performance issues, but considering that the developers aren't very resorceful and it's a small team working on, I couldn't expect a triple-A game. Also, they are patching up, fixing what thay can, and I expect a fair amount of remodeling so we can enjoy more of this fine piece of art.Bus Simulator 16 is a bit flawed, maybe overpriced too, but I think investing in an indie team is what makes the gaming gears running. You will not regret of this game."
76561198124669030,Recommended,324310,21682296,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,CSI48,"Game is really fun and has alot of 'feel' to it. it still needs more Optimizing done for sure , but if you have a Med-Great PC , you should be in great shape.PROS :- Business Simulation- City feels real- Buses feel real too- You can get out of your seat and walk around at will.- You can customise your buses as you see fit. (Stickers,Decals,Ads)CONS :- Slower PC's are not going to play this- NEEDS more optimizing- Only a few buses (So far)- You cannot see any other buses on the roads (Including yours that you hired)- Frame drops at randomLook , just in one mans view , i like this game and i really hope that the Dev's keep on this and fix / add more in time. i feel the game has is goods with the bads , but in the end , it is what OMSI2 could only dream of being....and that is a Bus simulator that feels real and works without crashing .I rate this game a Solid 8.0 / 10/0"
76561197967524117,Not Recommended,324310,32760050,Posted: 25 June,all,darshie76,"If you were thinking to get a simplified OMSI game, sadly it is not the case.The game is underwhelming on almost any single aspect. I did play Euro Truck sim for quite a while, so I was expecting a similar experience, but it is not the case. The game is neither a simulation, nor an arcade; try to do everything and end up achieving poorly.The graphics are disappointing; it looks like someone took standard assets from the Unity store and made a city out of it. The shaders for the building, the road, people, cars and trees all look different; as if someone did not even spend time trying to use the same shaders and give a consistent look. Animations of cars are quite bad, with them sliding on the road, like an early 2000 3d game. People are basically stiff and lack any sort of natural feeling. Nobody was expecting AAA graphics but at least some efforts should be put to give the game a decent look.Sounds are OK; some standard sound here and there, nothing really good or bad. The engine noise is muffled a bit; can't say if it is realistic since I rarely even take the bus.Interface is decent; simple to the point, although it is hard at times to click the right icon, since some are really big, while other are quite small. Bus customization is simple and straightforward.Driving model: it is quite horrible to be honest. As mentioned before, coming from ETS2, I was expecting something similar, due the fact that both the truck and the bus has comparable mass, although having a torsion point where the trailer goes, give a different feel to the truck. Although turning around the city is quite disappointing, since the bus feels like ""on rail""; there is no inertia, the streets are designed pretty bad; if you look at where cars stop at roadlights, you either hit them or hit something on the sidewalk (and hitting a pedestrian send your bus in the sky, before a message tell you that you did hit a pedestrian so your session is terminated). There is really a lot to do on this aspect; and if you call your game ""bus simulator"", someone would expect that you did nail the driving model for the bus; while it is not true.Traffic feels unnatural, even more than ETS2; at least cars stop when you use indicators to let you go. Cars models are really bad; there are maybe a couple of models that are decent; the rest is not that great.Lights are also disappointing; the whole map feels flat; someone did forget to turn on GI in the engine I guess. Also they look like a point, which is not really realistic (again, take out the ""simulator"" part from the name if this is what you deliver).I did play a bit trying to enjoy it, but seriously this is a disappointment in every single way. May be pleasant for a game now and then, but honestly, the driving model is so atrocious that it is impossible to play it for long sessions.Steer away, unless the game does not improve considerably."
76561197989825884,Recommended,324310,32217418,Posted: 6 June,all,Amarillon,"I'm in two minds about this game. It has massive potential and wastes almost all of it, but none the less, it is ""acceptable"" - I wouldn't rate it higher than that.The biggest problem is the limited map. If, rather than adding just DLC buses, they had optimised and expanded the routes that you can drive on, then it would have a lot more fans, a lot more mod support (Workshop is utterly wasted on this right now) and the developers would have more income to expand on it further. Unfortunately, right now, it doesn't matter how many DLC buses you buy, you're still driving the same roads in the same ""efficient"" order... or turning around and driving them the opposite way, for the same effect.It's still enjoyable if you like driving buses, but it could be so much more - and so much better optimised at times!Edited to add: I'm half tempted to change this review to ""negative"", given that they're now including all of the DLC buses with the game at the same price people paid before, but if you already own the original release, you still have to pay full price for each individual add-on. I'd be lying if I said that ddn't sting at least a little."
,Recommended,324310,24692271,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Geari,"Have to say I'm quite annoyed at the number of negative reviews on this game.This is a very quality simulator, all be it with high run requirements. I have a fairly mid-high end PC, and I'm able to run it fine with no frame drops, freezing etc. As such, I will not comment any further on how the game runs, and i'll focus on the gameplay,The start of the game is a little silly, and I can imagine that the tutorial puts quite a few people off. At first I also thought that the game would be a lot more arcadey than it is (based on the tutorial).The part of the game that I love is the management side, unlike other Bus Simulation games you don't just hop into a bus and drive a pre-determined route. Sure, the actual bus might not be simulated to a high level of detail, but it has enough there to make it enjoyable and feel like a simulator.I was also very supprised to see that there is mod support...which is fantastic! I've created a custom logo for my company and imported it as a mod. I can now use it as a decal to place on my buses (Which is another great feature).One thing I noticed about this simulator, compared to other...non-super-realistic ones is that it doesnt punnish you as much. The ai traffic is fairly clever and will allow you to pull out of stops unharmed, and pedestrians will also wait before crossing the road if you're aproaching at speed.Another point on this, the ""score"" markers that appear in the bottom left, normally detailing something that you have done well, or done poorly. I was under the impression that all of these affect your star rating etc...but they don't!To give an example, my bus was diverted due to heavy traffic, and allong the diverted route a passenger requested that I stop. Upon stopping, the red marker popped up saying that I stopped at a stop that wasnt on the route. However, upon inspecting the tablet, which lists all of the factors that effect your rating it wasnt listed!All in all I find this simulator very enjoyable, which can't be said for a lot of modern simulation games. It seems as if the developers put a little bit of love into this title, which is always nice to see."
,Recommended,324310,21595491,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Wendy,"This game has given me a view of how difficult bus drivers have it, giving me an admiration for the drivers that turn up on time, in terms of the game its great! a fun sim that shows how hard it is to drive and cater to townspeoples transport needs, would recommend to sim lovers. free coffee provided!-Thank you sir i need a ticket, to the moon.Update: game will soon be well optimised, so all those people who make negative reviews because of that, you can review on how the game itself is."
,Recommended,324310,21618819,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jonathan,"It's not every time I review a game, but I thought the need to review this game was high! Bus Simulator 16 is set in the town of Sunny Springs. Not only are you a bus driver, but you have to deal with a variety of events that happen around you!Driving the BusThe driving and stability of the bus is relatively easy. I'm currently using a Logitech G27 and I'm able to turn the steering wheel with no problem. However, I feel it can be quite stiff sometimes, but I'm sure this will be improved.The PassengersThe passengers are amazing. You get a variety of different talks whilst driving your bus, from calling in sick to work, talking to fellow passengers etc. Other than when I give passengers their ticket, they say 'Thank you dear'. There are also other events including asking a passenger to move so you can close the doors, helping a wheelchair user onto the bus where you may need to get out of your seat and operate it manually or press a button at the cab, turning the air con/heating up or down to the passengers' wish or even dealing with drunk passengers. Pedestrians also relatively behave probably, I do get the occasional event where a passenger walks out in front of me at a crossing and your current drive would end immediately.There are also other events including fixing a jammed door, where you need to get out of your seat and manually close the door.Graphics and TexturesThe graphics overall are pretty good. I've been hearing reports about the textures glitching out and turning to grey, however I have not been getting this problem. A feature I do like is when it's raining and the trees blow around. Unfortunately, when it is raining, you don't get any rain effects on the windscreen which was quite a disappointment. There are wipers, but there is no point in really using these.The AI VehiclesThe AI's behaviour in-game is very good, they will react to your indicators very well, like when you are pulling out of a bus stop, the car behind you will stop and let you out. There does seem to be a glitch where if you are sat in the cockpit, you won't be able to see the AI's lights (indicators, brake lights) but you will be able to see them from outside of the bus. This might explain to some people why they have been crashing into the back of AI cars, which I have done a couple of times.  AI will also behave probably when at traffic lights or junctions, so the developers have done a good job on coding the AI vehicles!The FPS I get in-gameThe FPS I get in-game is relatively good to keep it stable. I get around 40-50FPS overall when driving around or walking about in my office/garage. I have been looking at the reviews where some people have put a thumbs down because of the poor FPS they get in-game. I seem to be one of the lucky ones where I don't get any FPS problems and can play the game with no problem. However, I'm sure for those who are getting problems that there will be a patch relatively soon.Overall ConclusionOverall, I believe Bus Simulator 16 is a great simulator and is much better than the previous bus simulator I had, which was OMSI 2, which had no end of glitches, crashes and bad in-game optimization etc. It's not every day you get a good Bus Simulator like this, probably one of the best to date. There may be a few glitches and bugs there and there, but let's be grateful that we have a good Bus Simulator!"
,Recommended,324310,29726393,Posted: 5 February,all,Bad Whippet,"What's to like about it?Bus Simulator 16 does exactly what it says in the title (that's always a good start)!  You start out with a simple route and basic vehicle, and you drive the route to collect fares, keep to a timetable, avoid accidents and (hopefully) make a profit.  When you have enough money, you can hire new drivers, buy new vehicles and drive new routes too.  This is a true simulator (not necessarily a 'fun' game) so will likely feel a bit dry for anyone looking for heaps of excitement!Whether you enjoy this simulator or not will come down to how well you treat the simulation.  If you ignore kerbs, corners and road positioning, you can hare from stop to stop and then it's done - boring.  However, if you play it as a trainee driver and use your mirrors to make perfect corners without clipping kerbs or hitting anything, (ie a bit of real-life stuff), then you will get much more challenge and simulation experience out of the game.  A wheel is recommended for the driving, and there is a full set of cockpit controls that you can click on in 3D view (a little like Train Simulator) or you can use button shortcuts instead.I've driven several buses and coaches and I have to say the handling of the buses in-game isn't bad at all.  Some things are simulated perfectly, like mirrors and cornering (and reversing into your garage if you're feeling particularly cocky)!  This is as real as it gets and Bus Simulator 16 nails it perfectly.  Wheels on a bus or coach are a few feet behind the driver, so you must drive out into the junction straight before you can begin the steer.  Unlike a car, steering is not a single arm-wrench of the wheel and skid around that corner (pity)!  It's a nouanced set of movements (steer the front, straighten, steer again for rear wheels) that is difficult at first, but it's very true to life.  This is what the game does exceptionally well.  In reality, overall steering tends to be a little lighter and easier than is represented by the game, with only slight steer giving quite a turn, but the game wanted more steering than I would usually expect.  That could be that I don't have my in-game wheel settings balanced correctly though.Talking of wheels, many are supported but do check the forums as some people are having a few problems.  The newer Logitech 920 isn't currently working properly (the devs are looking at it).  As for older wheels like the Logitech G25 and 27, they do work after some fiddling.  It entails downloading Logitech's newest driver which no longer supports the G25/27 (nice one Logitech in forcing obsolescence in £200+ game controllers) and taking from the new drivers a DLL file and adding it to the game (all explained in the game forums), then reinstalling an older G25/27 supporting driver.  A nuisance, but doable.Anything not so good?The graphics are a bit basic for today's PCs, though they're not necessarily so important as the game mechanics are in a simulation title.  There is ONLY right-hand driving, which sucks for anyone in a left-hand drive country because this game actually makes quite a neat training aid.  The overall vehicle handling and steering response (particularly on straight roads) tends to be a little too heavy (steering of these vehicles is typically very light).  Oh, and there is no driver customisation which is a minor point, but being able to customise features, skin-tone and gender could have been a neat addition.  That's nit-picking though.Will you like it?If you're looking for a pure simulator title, then this is a good place to start.  It offers everything you need in setting up and driving basic bus routes and is actually good enough as a training aid for driving any long, non-articulated vehicle in managing corners well (all mirrors are recreated perfectly).  However, if you're looking for more of a 'game' experience, it might be a title you won't enjoy so much."
76561198159426714,Recommended,324310,21601476,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,nzyowie,"This is a very engaging and interesting game. You do more than just drive a bus - you also have to manage your own bus company, organise routes, deal with a variety of interesting situations (bus malfunctions, demanding passengers etc.), buy new buses, hire new drivers and so on. You get missions that help you unlock new features. You're never short of something to do.Bus Simulator 16 is made by the same people who developed Bus Simulator 2012, albeit with a different partner this time. I gave Bus Simulator 2012 a negative review, but I am happy to say that Bus Simulator 16 is a vast improvement - with one exception. Bus Simulator 2012 had awful frame rates, and unfortunately, so does Bus Simulator 2016 at present. I played on medium graphic settings with a pretty powerful computer, but found the gameplay very laggy and choppy, although just bearable. But I can play games like Euro Truck Simulator 2 or Train Simulator 2016 on high settings and have no FPS issues. So this is an area that needs work. And apparently, the developers are working on it, so hopefully performance will be much better soon.Some areas where Bus Simulator 2016 has improved on BS 2012 include keyboard steering (much, MUCH better, more like Euro Truck or American Truck Simulator steering now), AI traffic (much more sensible, accidents are usually due to your bad driving rather than their stupidity) and user-friendliness of the bus interior (no more password to enter, selling tickets is now much more efficiently handled). And of course, it introduces new things that were never seen in BS 2012, like the whole company management deal, missions and so on.Other than the need for performance optimisation, I have few complaints about this game. It is definitely the best bus simulator since OMSI 2, and has real potential to give the latter a serious run for its money. I am more than happy to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,324310,22052181,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TEEJ2468,"I do like the game, but I'm having problems. It's lagging all the time when I have a GTX960 and 8GB Ram and running an I5"
,Recommended,324310,23857862,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,CrazyGijs,"Bus Simulator 16.The concept is great. Being a bus driver without the hassle of a real one or OMSI 1/2 :p. The game mechanics are working well. Tilting the bus, opening and closing the doors, turning the engine on and off, several switches you can use and of course, 'free' walking. I like to walk through my bus and look at the bloody passangers that block the door >:D.Pros:Fun gameplayEasy to use, but still a lot of buttons to press :DRandom eventsSounds are okayMAN buses! :)Cons:Engine isn't very well optimised. Getting 30-40 FPS on HIGH with an i5 4670k and GTX 980 4GBTRANSLATIONS!!11!1!1!!, the Dutch language in this game is horrible. Some strings are correct, but 3/4 of it is incorrect. This buggers me a lot."
,Recommended,324310,21690206,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,leburn98,"IT'S AN OMSI 2 FOR NOOBS (and that's a good thing)I was always interested in the various bus simulators, but always found the learning curve to be too steep. Games like OMSI 2 while great, are too insanely detailed for their own good, putting off someone like myself from really giving it a chance.ETS2/ATS on the otherhand proved to me that you can make a accessible simulator while keeping it just deep enough to please the hardcore. I simply wanted a bus simulator that followed the ETS2 mold and Bus Simulator 2016 is a great first step at that.PROS:- Easy to pick up and play. It comes with a nice tutorial for first timers.- The city feels alive and lived in. There are a variety of passengers (including drunk and wheel chair bound patrons).- The added business simulation element gives you incentive to continue and improve your driving skills as it directly effects your bottom line.- Ability to easily create and drive routes. A simple 5 stop route to a monster 50 stop route is possible.- You can buy and customize your buses with decals, earn extra money by placing ads, and hire drivers to drive them.- Relatively stable performance. Did not crash once (unlike a certain other game).- Supports the Thrustmaster TX 458 Italia (by customizing the controls).CONS:- No TrackIR support (the mouse is used)- Needs more optimization- No real multiplayer to speak of (driving with friends).- The AI traffic lacks other buses. It would be nice to see your competitors as well as your own buses running the same streets as it currently feels like you are the only bus driver in town.- No penalty for arriving too early for your next stop. I've finished my route as early as 8 minutes without penalty. **Perhaps this is something that is unlocked later in game?"
,Recommended,324310,21593972,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Vergil Wodanson,"Before reading the other comments, remember: They just released it!.They wil improve the game, better optimized, more content and bug fixes.You just have to ignore it for the moment.I played it for 4 hours, and it was fun.But there are a lot of things they need to change and add to the game.It plays more like Bus arcade 16 than bus simulator 16.But the modding community wil help with usefull mods aswel, just give it time."
76561198374116090,Not Recommended,324310,33918001,Posted: 30 July,all,unknown,This game is over priced and very poor quality. The graphics are  old and there really isn't much about it to deserve the name Simulator.  The online aspect is aweful. There is a bug that wipes your progress when you save and close game and once you activate the online feature you can't go back to local. I called Astrigon and they where no help nor did they seem to care. The developer under Astrigon is already involved in making another type of space game which also looks about the same quality.  The only thing this company adds to the game is more paid DLC.  So if you like playing buggy Windows 95 style games the due try this one. The Man Bus Company should take away their license permissions .
,Recommended,324310,21600142,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,manaticzje:,"The game itself is good, graphics are beautiful. FPS drops and long loadings are pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ hope the devs will fix it soon, untill that 8.5/10"
76561198030720390,Recommended,324310,22202095,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Deltavee,"This game sits between games like ETS 2 and Omsi 2. Like ETS 2 the world is open and explorable, and there is a managment part where you run your company. Unlike Omsi 2 the game actually looks good and runs well, though the details of each bus are nowhere near as involved.It /is/ a simulator, you have to start the bus, use indicators, open doors, all by either clicking on items on the screen, using the keyboard or mapping them to controller buttons. While its somewhat arcadey there is a learning curve but its enjoyable discovering how the bus works and how you need to use it in the world. The developers seem to be listening and working hard to update most of the complaints they've recieved. For example the orientation of the gps map or auto turn off of indicators when you straighten out the steering wheel. The game play is smooth, I haven't quantified the framerates but it doesn't stutter or go slowly unlike Omsi 2 which is notorious for doing that even on massive high end systems.The sound quality is high, though somewhat generic. The only complaint I have is how harsh some of the penalties are. Hit a pedestrian? Game stops and you have to start the scenario over, even if it happens as your pulling into your garage. Accidents are very costly, as are speeding fines. All well and good for sim realism I guess but annoying. Finally, the game is fairly easy to use with my G27 steering set up, though I did have to futz a little with the settings to get things nice. Again, more like ETS 2 in that and a hell of a lot better than Omsi 2.Overall I give it four and a half out of five stars.A pleasant and thoughtful game that keeps your attention and is challanging enough not to bore you easily but not so hard your wondering why the hell you wasted money on it (yes I'm looking at you Omsi).System specs: 4790K i7, Gigabyte 980ti G1, 16 gigs Crucial memory."
,Recommended,324310,21673605,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,LorenzoGames,"Room for improvements on the performance, Overall a really nice simulator if you're interested in simulators. I'd like to see whats coming next in the next updates, except the performance improvements.12 Hours into the game, and still a nice entertaining game, really nice. The price is a little too high, but its sort of worth the money too.Excited for next updates, I recommend it!"
76561198085132750,Not Recommended,324310,28656787,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mdecastro123,"deplorable....how a game can be this bad in 2016 is beyond me....every other simulator in this price range, and some for a few dollars more (ATS2, ETS, TS2017, Farming Sim 2017) are FAR superior in graphics, dynamics and mechanics. Not to mention there have been stability issues since day 1...I still thought it would be better than it is.Literally do not understand what you are paying for - this rivals free sim games you find onaddictinggames.com.Wish you could return it - would gladly""undownload & delete"" for a refund."
,Recommended,324310,21625201,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,A Gigantic Wang,"I played for a few hours. I'ts a great game.Pros:-Cool looking busses-BENDYBUS-Nice controls-Handling isn't all that bad-Drivers don't flick you off if you pull out on themCons:=Can't run people over and watch them suffer=Can't flick other drivers off=Horn has no effect on stupid drivers=Can't buy a house, get a wife, get her pregnant and make the kid drive a bus=Can't adjust mirrors to see myself10/10"
76561198235299824,Recommended,324310,21616079,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,es,Very good+ you can play with potato with little lag+Easy to set up controller+There can be alot of stuff happening in you bus+Pretty good ai+Steam workshop support+more simple than omsi2+Good amount of buses (hopefully they make more)-Could be more play area (maybe they make more)Hopefully they will be adding more buses and map to the game4/5 one of the best cheap simulations.
,Recommended,324310,21585671,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Spooky Doctor Applejack,"Another Bus Simulator, Woo hoo! I have been wating for more.Good:Multiplayer! (Even though I haven't quite experienced it yet)CustomizationWorkshop contentPeople with wheelchairs and you have to help get on.Edit: Good walking and general animationI hooked up my G27 Steering wheel after a few slips from experiance while driving, it is much better then keyboard.Bad:When raining, no rain drops gets on the windows.(Keyboard only) Steering is bad, slightly better then Bus Simulator 12Price maybe a bit on the expensive sideDoors get jammed a bit to oftenEdit - AI vehicles don't have their indicators (blinkers) on while in cab (You can see in exterior)Lack of bus stops in certain areas.Peoples conversation gets awfully repetitive, funny at 1st, but becomes dullIndicators (blinkers) and peoples conversation can be heard from exteriorNo AI busesSpeed decrease far too quicklyFrom what I heard the fps is low and unotomized; but me I was getting around 20-30fps, no crashes. Only downside is when you want to play it and open it it freezes for a minute, but still works fine.By the way I have a GTX 970"
,Recommended,324310,21645768,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Cmdo.Delta,"UPDATED (ALMOST 1year after release update)Sadly, not much changed in a year. Optimization is still requested by many which implies they havent dealt seriously with the problem. Only 2 DLC have been released and I see them as pure money grabber. They are not offering anything new than buses but those buses look exactly the same as the ones already ingame. The only difference is that they are branded MAN or Mercedes-Benz which (due to having to pay the right to the brands) are ridiculously expensive for the amount of content (and the usefulness of the said content has still to be proven).In short, this game as still a long way to go. It does work but its not incredible performances and I'm afraid that those devs will follow the wrong path taken by Giants Software (farming simulator franchise) and will soon abandon this game to release a new one called Bus Simulator 18 which will be same engine, little difference in content but still priced the same. I hope I'm wrong, I cross my fingers for this... Still a positive review  but it could change after some time.ORIGINAL REVIEWAs promised, here is my review of the bus simulator  16. I played for nearly 8h and streamed it the whole time.While this is true the game is not optimized at all and this could make it impossible to play for some people, this game is far from the 45-50% rating it received on release. I'm glad it's back to 60% as I'm writing this review and I believe it could deserve to be a little higher like 70-75% because the game itself isn't bad. The devs just have a very hard time to optimize it and they are working on it very hard. I cross my fingers they release a fix quickly. But don't be fooled by those bad reviews. Almost none of those rate the game for what it is, they are just bad reviews of angry players not able to launch the game and not patient enough to give the devs a chance to release a fix.This game is not OMSI 2! If you seek for an incrediblely detailed bus simulator, don't buy. This game is more arcadish. If I had to compare it to other games, I would say it's like if OMSI 2 and Cities in Motion had a baby together. You have the management part of Cities in Motion (you create bus routes, assign drivers and busses to them, make sure they are giving positive income, etc). And with that you have the driving part of OMSI 2 (you drive buses, interact with passengers, deal with traffic, etc). You can interact with buttons in cockpit view. I was surprised there was so much to interact with in fact. So while it's not OMSI 2, it's still not a lazy game where you only accelerate/decelerate/left/right and nothing else. The driving is not the most realistic one but still very fun and it works very well with G27. Just a bit hard to set it up on first time but pretty fine after some gaming time.The multiplayer is a nice add considering lot of driving games never have one. Sadly, it's not a real multi. As you cannot see your drivers (AI) on the road, well you cannot see other players aswell in multi. It's more like if other players were replacing the AI so they are supposedly better drivers than AI but the mechanism behind is exactly the same. Very disappointed by this but I salute the effort. SCS (Euro and American Truck Simulator dev) never bothered trying to add a multi while players are hardly requesting it. StillAlive has work to do to catch on SCS but at least they tried. Let's give them a chance to improve. SCS didn't become a great truck sim developer in one day after all. ;)Only down side of the game are the graphics. They are not stunning at all and the game is more laggy than GTA V (I run it almost at ultra while I can barely run the bus sim at  medium with a poor 20FPS). Optimization is what hurts this game right now. As I said, I cross fingers the devs fix that soon. It's really annoying to have 30-45 second loading screen on launch and I'm lucky, some players must wait 4-5 minutes!So yes, if you are not patient to wait for a fix, don't buy or request a refund. But please, this game doesn't deserve so much bad reviews just because those devs are not experienced enough and have a little struggle optimizing their game. From a huge studio, I would have not forgiven such a mess with optimization, but for StillAlive, I'm ready to give them some time. I hope they will make good use of it."
76561198257717501,Not Recommended,324310,25841107,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,JoeyE3™,"After playing the game for about three hours I have more con's then pro's on my list. There for I can not recommend this game.Pro's:- Ticket system. (Fairly similar to the one in OMSI 2. This one is easier to use tho.- Graphics are somewhere between 'decent' and 'ok'. Definitely an upgrade from OMSI but, at the same time kinda cartoonish (arcade)- It recognized my wheel and pedals even before I got in the main menu. Really easy to bind all the keys etc.-It's more stable than OMSI 2.----Con's:- Seriously not well optimized and laggy. When I started the game it had an incredible amount of lag. My fps went from 35 to 21, up again sometimes down to 10/15.+ I have to mention when I played about an hour I had a steady 30/40 fps on medium quality. But the lag is really annoying.- Busses have absolutely no physics whatsoever. When you drive a bus in OMSI you actually have the feeling you are driving a bus and it's full weight. And you have to look in your mirrors with every turn and corner. While the busses in this game look ok, they have none of that. Which is also one of the reasons in my opinion this feels more like an arcade game than a simulator.- There is no actual sky(?) As in blue with clouds etc + the city feels lifeless.So overall maybe a 5 outta 10. If you want a decent bus *simulator* invest some time and money in OMSI 2. If your looking for an arcade bus driving game, get this one."
76561198039195307,Recommended,324310,21597637,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Jake,"It's an awesome, very approachable game! Granted you will need a higher end PC to play this at it's full potental. Before you pass this off as a bad game, be sure to take note that there are more postive than negative reviews. Most of the negative reviews are regarding performance issues due to them most likely having lower-end PCs. I say give it a try! If you don't like it, there is always Steam Refund."
,Recommended,324310,28329205,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,aps6686,"I don't know why I bought this. I don't know why I keep playing it either. I mean... it's bad. It's really bad. It's glitchy. Performance is... awful. Yet I keep playing it.If you're looking for a good game, this isn't it. Euro Truck Simulator is better.But there's something there beneath the glitches and the terrible performance.Either something about this game is good, or I'm really much more stupid than I thought I was.Probably a bit of both."
,Recommended,324310,23610203,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Duncan,"So you're driving in a German city servicing people with American and British accents?Would make more sense if the setting is Berlin, 1950, but it's not.Still, I feel great after selling 3 weekly tickets to an old lady for her and her two invisible ""friends"".10/10 Would buy a bendy bus again."
,Recommended,324310,21836463,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DefaultPlayer,"I had fun with it. I finished the game i got the key to the city. It's a good game. I just ran all the red lights when i wanted to have fun :DThis game is worth buying, but the game could have more things in it."
76561198083400935,Recommended,324310,21686935,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,james.booker98,"the game is good , but there is some performance issues that need to be fixed ,looking for the next fix and update."
76561198024669328,Recommended,324310,22022754,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Ashley-James Walne,"an absolute brilliant game at first took its time to load along time but i reset my laptop as had too much on and now it works so fast, would highly recommend"
76561198065931408,Not Recommended,324310,28786234,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Madman,"This game is really fun. Too bad this seems like an abandonware game. There have been no updates since I bought the game, even in their developer build there has been no updates. The gameplay is laggy and feels slow. The game itself is a lot of fun to play, but the lack of optimization ruins the experience."
,Not Recommended,324310,24011879,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Raven Almasy,So I've been playing this game for a few hours and I was super excited when I saw the game. I love these type of games so what could be wrong? Well I'm sure for some there is plenty wrong but I only have one issue with this game. One really big issue and that is the lag. During driving the game will just slow down and driving becomes annoying in that moment as it can easily go wrong. I often have it at crossings so I can't even hit the brake properly if needed. I've tried adjusting the settings and it's on the lowest graphics setting now and it still lags. So is it my laptop? I would think not since I can play recently released games just fine on high settings without any lag. Plus my laptop is fairly new and bought for gaming purposes to begin with. It's the game itself that just has it. I can sort of live with it for an hour or two of game time every day or so but no more then that because the lagging is just majorly annoying and I do hope this gets fixed soon. Other then that I quite enjoy the game. It's a nice concept and the game offers a bit of a challenge so thats nice aswell. The only other comment I could have about it is maybe allow us to decide wether we want to be a male or female bus driver and maybe be able to edit uniforms? It's something small that I think would be a nice edit to the game but thats just a small idea.So in a nutshell once they fix this lag I say get the game. If it continues and you want to try the game buy it on sale but not for the full price.
,Recommended,324310,21583342,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Chaos_Cobra,"Okay, so there are a few issues, the main one being performance. But; A: I'm sure they'll get fixed soon and B: the game itself overshadows these issues so much, such a fun game, definitely would recomend!"
76561198065419151,Recommended,324310,22912586,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,itye1970,"Not as detailed as OMSI 2 but still a very good game, works with my G27 wheel no issues, TRACKIR though not yet supported which is a shame, my full review here :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dssq_QG1mi4"
76561198149053167,Not Recommended,324310,29829651,Posted: 10 February,all,AlpineShepherdBoy,"I love the concept, but the game feels very unpolished to me. OMSI 2 is a tad expensive and I heard the controls for it were a nightmare. So I settled for this. Initally I really like what I saw! But 19 hours later I've seen all I need to see. Vehicle handling is a joke, feels like your trying to taxi an airplane down the street for ♥♥♥♥ sake, cornering is even worse (even though the buses have 4-wheel steering) The traffic AI is frustrating to say the least, the game has incredibly poor optimization (25-30FPS on a PC that can run most AAA titles well above 60FPS) and the sounds! Damn! The bus sounds like a dying vacuum cleaner when your driving (although it sounds normal at idle) No chase view was rather annoying too like come on I want to see my bus! Not just the side of it! So all in all these game didn't do it for me. Just seems too rough around the edges still."
,Recommended,324310,30402052,Posted: 8 March,all,aso777,If you want something more challenging than Euro Truck Simulator? Want something not as challenging as Omsi 2? Also want stability and constant FPS? Than this is the game for you. Similar but better than SCS Software Bus Driver.
76561197971333224,Recommended,324310,35185402,Posted: 24 September,all,Complex Fraction,"Fun game. I run a high-end rig but get quite a bit of lag. Other than that, this game is fun. Three things you gotta remember when stopping bus to a stop... hit ALT to enable brake before you load passengers. hit F to kneel the bus. Hit 1 to open front door, hit 2 to open rear door. Reverse the process then drive again. Oh and you better be quick doing the math when giving change...LOL!"
,Recommended,324310,21761376,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,TrainNutter,"I LOVE THIS GAME!But, if it's too slow for you: 'right click' on the desktop and open your graphics card settings. Then you go to 'Manage 3D setings and after that you select BusSim2016 then Select which graphics card you want to use with that game in the drop-down menu (Defult is intergrated) and select 'High Performance Graphics Card'. Lastly, click 'Apply'. This is for Nvidia graphics card (Should be pretty similar for radeon)"
,Recommended,324310,21598792,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Walkyr,Holy crap this Bus Simulator isn't even bad! Astragon what is this?!
,Recommended,324310,21582753,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Martin Risby VR,"solid play. really fun tutorial is excellent. Ben is funny, cant believe what happened to him and the school kids.my frame rate was hiting 28-43 on ultra 1920 (triple titan x). may need a slight optimising. recorded gameplay ill upload probably tomorrow on my channel and link to the steam workshop. cant say it enough how well done this game is. just buy it and check it out yourself."
,Recommended,324310,30659962,Posted: 21 March,all,ryz,"I'm no expert in the ""Simulator"" genre by any means, but Bus Simulator 16 employs some pretty addicting mechanics, which was unexpected to say the least. Trying to land *perfectly* on the parking space, getting the passenger boarding sequences right and doing the occassional mental arithmetic while managing your own company on a meta level works surprisingly well overall. Well done!"
,Recommended,324310,27232023,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Liam 🍋,"Eeeeh... it's FINE. The driving part of the game is FINE, nothing amazing, but perfectly servicable. My major complaint is that the buses simply don't feel weighty, but that's something I can live with.The UI you see between routes is really pretty and levelling-up feels rewarding. Oh yeah, there's levelling and unlocking and progression. If you like that, great, I'd personally just prefer to have everything unlocked from the start, but that's because I tend to play games like these when I want to play something that doesn't require a whole lot of thinking. Still, you unlock things fairly quickly so it's fine.All in all, I don't know about whether other bus simulation games are better than this, so I can't say which one you should get, but for this one, I can say it's FINE."
,Recommended,324310,28655561,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,B-7,"I honestly don’t know should I recommend this game or not.First of all, it’s buggy to the core. I had no stability issues, yet freezes haunt the game (for me decreasing he drawing distance from 300 to 250 meters helped, but c’mon). The routing is glitchy, the game tends to suddenly and unlogically change your route, and I was already being fined for unscheduled stopping and skipping the same stop at the same time.Then, the visuals — they’ll remind you of 2005, and not of the best of the time. Basically, it looks and feels almost like SCS's early Bus Driver.On the other hand, somehow it works. Random event are here, you have to fix things on the go and deal with a troublemaker from time to time, traffic isn’t rediculous like in OMSI 2, and the buses have at least all the everyday life related controls, and you should actually use them. That makes the game much more interesting and challenging then you can expect.The version of the game is 0.0.8~ at the moment of wrinting this review (12/26 2016), so I guess the game can be considered the early access. The developers seem to listen to the community and at least try to make it better.The only worthy competitor at the time is the already mentioned OMSI 2, and BS16 is much more accessible, visually appealing, and with much more sensible price tag. On the other hand, OMSI is the much deeper simulation experience. So if you always wanted to get in the bus driver’s seat, get the BS16 on sale — it’s a good starting poing."
76561198017281588,Recommended,324310,21601284,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Egelis,i like this game its fun yes it has some performance issues but thats not a review it has great game play and is fun
,Recommended,324310,21754872,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Kodak White™,"Isn't perfect but still amazing. This will be quite long so if you dont want to read heres everything summed up in less detail: Great game, Some bugs, Alot of potention, 7.5/10 over all. Now for the long♥♥♥♥♥♥I've been playing this game for 10 hours and I've fallen in love with it so far. It hasn't crashed for me and I've had no problems but this won't run well on a potato pc. Sadly theres no track ir support and keyboard controlls are a bit dodgy from my experience but are great on my steering wheel. You start off with a single bus and a single district and you need to drive and plan routes until you recive another bus and then you can hire a driver, Eventually, you'll earn enough money to buy a driver and you won't have to do all the work yourself earing you money every time you do a route yourself. When you unlock all buses and districts then it might become a bit boring (I haven't reached that level yet so i won't talk about it alot.) but there might be some challenges or something or you can try multiplayer. Theres some random events expanding from upset passengers, stuck doors, drunk passengers and extending the ramp for wheel chair passengers. Heres are some things i like and think are good and bad for the game.Pros:+A nice looking, freely accessible city with 5 realistic districts+Workshop support+Various challenges (Rush hour, Construction etc.)+Random conversations with the passengers+Simple GPS+Driving the bus feels realisticCons:-No TrackIR-Easy to go bankrupt.-Ads & Decals sometimes look a bit stupid on the buses.-Some bugs."
76561198014055829,Recommended,324310,21620535,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TheDoctor261987,"Bus simulator 16, well it's no Euro Truck in terms of simulation but still early days. Im running a gtx 970 8gb ram with an i5 4690k and even after the patch im still suffering a bit on the frame rate, but its playable. a bit choppy in places. Graphically the game looks dated. Lighting isn't dynamic, indicater lights flash inside the bus also no cars indicate, water effect for rain poor, no droplets on windscreen so wipers seem pointless. car models are quite bland. bus models are nice. Something i noticed and was impressed with was during a rainy run i noticed the tress were blowing visiously in the wind i like that.Controls, I have only used my g27 and keyboard and they work lovely i love the stiffness on the wheel makes you feel like your working for it the UI in the bus is simple, so your not sitting there for 20 mins trying to work out your route codes passwords and how to switch the bugger on. Sound is quiet frankly rubbish. But the game is fun. The management side of things is much better then euro truck and it really seems this game has a good baseline to improve upon. Its moddable with steams workshop so in no time we will probably be seeing mods that will probably help improve or just expand upon a nice cheap fun game.I love the passengers, listening to the liers who are calling up work or their trainers telling them they are sick, wheel chair users and many easter eggs about people playing indie game titles and bus simulator 16 being recommended to someone for there kid. its great.Customisation, paint jobs, nice selection of colours designs and advertisements which help you earn extra money. Thats a great little touch, hoping the modders bring in real company logos.all in all this game is fun, cheap and time just drives by."
,Recommended,324310,23767181,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sir Douchebagel the Super Hoagie,"Reasons why you should buy this game:1. Instead of the term ""articulating bus,"" the game calls it a ""bendy bus.""2. Driving a bus is actually hard, or maybe I'm just inept. Either way, the driving mechanics are actually decent.3. Traffic. Meaning, it is realistic. Not for people with road rage.Reasons why you shouldn't buy this game:1. You are bad at subtraction. You need to figure out how much change to give. And most people are good at subtraction. So buy this game.2. You are afraid of public transportation.Summary: Unless you are afraid of transportation or a 4 year old, BUY THIS GAME NOW."
76561197998439851,Recommended,324310,21591954,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,FrazerClarke,I honestly like this game as I find it much easier to play than other bus simulators out there and the graphics are really good  for a Simulator but the other thing I like is you can create your own route so you make it different rather than choose routes that are already premade for you though some are in the game as well so I would reccomend this if you are into Simulators of course :).
,Not Recommended,324310,25295203,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,KermyKandy,I only had this game for just over 30 minutes before applying for a refund. This game needs serious optimisation! I could only play on minimum settings and the fps was the lowest of any game I have played. There is potential here for it to be a good game. I would buy again if I was certain if they did optimise it! I generally agree with most of the other reviews here.
76561198236369050,Recommended,324310,21782046,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Matt Capone,FANTASTIC! Awesome bus simulator. Love everything about it.9.5/10
76561198057072431,Recommended,324310,21678067,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ferrari 2014,love this game the best bus game every make play a lot of hour great fun love it buy it better then omsi 2 no jammerno crash
76561198455957694,Recommended,324310,33814916,Posted: 26 July,all,bakerrosas,I like it But i feel like it needs something
,Recommended,324310,24348507,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,JXENGaming,WARNING: This game requires a VERY BEEFY PC!unless you have a gaming laptop/pc you will experience lag even at the lowest settings.
,Recommended,324310,21932679,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Coastliner700,Best  game  everI  love the police and buses + passangers calling me dear So  Funny :DI  give this game 9/10
,Recommended,324310,24769003,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Raven,"After reading a lot of negative reviews about performance issues, I was reluctant to buy this game since a lot of people with high end PCs (better than mine) were complaining about lag/fps issues.  My PC meets the 'recommended specs' for this game.  I can run the game with a few jitters on medium settings which is acceptable for me.  I think the devs need to do more performance testing and adjust the recommended specs.Now that the main issues are out of the way, what does this game do well?  Well, the devs have clearly spent more time on gameplay (which is what I expect from a simulator).  The AI is good (for the most part), cars will most of the time let you pull out if you indicate and as others have said pedestrians actually wait for you if you are approaching a crossing at speed before crossing the road.  The only thing that has baffled me is when the lights are on green so I can turn right for example but the pedestrian crossing light is also on green on the road I am turning into so I have to slam my brakes on to avoid hitting people as they cross the road.  This has only happened at a few intersections so its not too bad.  If you pull up too close to the curb, pedestrians will get stuck trying to get on (but this is easily sorted by reversing and pulling up again).  I haven't played the game enough to give a thorough overview of the management side of the game but so far I am enjoying it.The devs are actively bringing out updates so hopefully they will sort out the issues in the game.  Overall, I am enjoying the game thoroughly and would recommend it (based on gameplay quality not performance).  I will warn you, if you are the type of person who wants the highest graphics settings and you exceed the recommended specs - be prepared to play on lower settings.  If gameplay is your priority, you will probably enjoy playing the game.  If you're thinking of buying the game, it might be best to wait a while until some of the major performance issues have been sorted."
76561198074500153,Recommended,324310,35191587,Posted: 24 September,all,Kingkillkannon,"I really enjoy this simulator. The controls are easy to pick up. The driving mechanisms are good. The game play is straight forward. The achivements are obtainable. It is a nice relaxing simulator.The graphics are fairly good. The game runs smooth, no crashs.I recommend this game. I bought it on sale, but after playing it, I would be happy to buy it at full price."
,Recommended,324310,21610096,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,digitalgamez93,"Although the game has some rough edges, it is very promising, and I certainly enjoy it. Could do with a more advanded ticketing and route system as an option, similar to what OMSI 2 has, but this game is a lot more stable, and I suggest giving it ago. I just wish there was Track IR support."
,Recommended,324310,28823365,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Senneca Syprian™,"I seriously can not understand where the hate this game is getting comes from. It does exactly what it says on the ""box"", and does it very well. While not a perfect game by any means, this is a great effort from a smaller company, that fills a niche I've personally desired for over 10 years.When I was a young lass, back in my high school days, I used to take the public bus to commute to school and back, and also to travel from place to place on my weekends. I spent hundreds of IRL hours on various models of IRL busses, and I always wanted to try driving one. This game finally allowed me to live my fantasy. I honestly never thought a company would ever bother to make a bus driving game, but Bus Simulator 16 actually goes above and beyond that, and includes management and a bit of strategy as well.In Bus Simulator 16, you'll assume the role of a man who has just started a bus company, and won a minor contract with the local city of Sunny Springs, and a few cheap models of busses to chose from. You'll start alone, with a limited amount of startup cash, with a small area available to you. Over time you'll prove to the city you can handle bigger contracts, which will give you access to more districts of the city, and more modern/expensive models of busses.Gameplay consists of 2 parts: driving your routes, and managing your company. Your company can be single player (offline) or co-op multiplayer (online), but if you choose to bring your company online it can not be undone.Managing your company consists of buying/maintaining busses, hiring/firing NPC (or other online players if you go multiplayer) drivers, and planning routes. You can paint your fleet various colors, and add advertisements to generate extra income.Driving is the heart of the game and you will need to drive each new route yourself first before you can assign that route to an NPC driver. You will be able to choose various models of busses to drive, including bendy (two car) busses. The in game tutorial is quick, easy to understand, and teaches you everything you need to know about driving. You will need to make all the stops on the route, while obaying traffic laws, keeping your schedule on time, charging passengers the correct fare, and making change, and accomidating any unexpected situation that may pop up.Driving the bus feels natural, and the controls are easy to pick up. The AI is dumb, and pedestrians will occasionaly step out in front of your rig, or change lanes into your path, but for the most part you can predict their behavior.  Weather, traffic jams, and various events (bouncing drunk passengers, unjamming stuck doors, extending the ramp for wheelchair bound passengers, etc.) will add variety to your routes.The dev is German, so the city/roads/laws are very european; As an American, this took some getting used to. In America, bus drivers expect you to have exact change for your fare, and carry no change. I don't know how they do things in Germany, but in this game you are expected to do math and count out correct change for everyone. This is the one part of the game that really sucks, but you'll soon memorize the appropriate amounts for each bill/fare and life will go on.The graphics are pretty bare bones, and honestly, what can you expect from a small dev making a game that will appeal to a niche group of players? I'm just happy this game got made at all. You will encounter some bugs here and there, but nothing that breaks the game or prevents you from running it smoothly (at least in my experience).Overall I would say if you're one of the people who is intrigued by the prospect of managing/driving for your own bus company, you should buy this game. It does what it sets out to do, and it works without crashing. What more can you ask for?"
76561198043142058,Recommended,324310,21636589,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kahnguest,"I have changed my review of this game thanks to MrTP for helping me out ( see comments below on graphic cards to make sure Steam is using your computers highend  graphic card)Make sure you have the correct specs otherwise you wont enjoy this gameFor $25 this sim is worth it -- its a great bus sim and very easy to play , a lot of detail has gone into the design of the management system of the game alone ..We dont have much choice when it comes to Bus sims , but by far for me -- this is the best I have played and will contine to play ( thanks again MrTP ).....................................................................................I recommend this game and I also dont recommend this game -- ..  I say yes get it---  ONLY if you have a very high end computer - I have a $3000 Alienware system it it stuggled it keep up with the framerate -- i had to turn down the settings to lowest to get  somewhat ok gametime but I feel its overpriced for me personally considering the really bad graphics I have to put up with to play it at a basic level ..  dont waste your time if you have a limited hardware systemI can run GTA V on Ultra but cant run a square bus around a ten block city -- mmmmm go figureIf you have the specs required -- Play it -- its one of the better featured bus sims out on the market for the priceFROM MrTP  :From my experience you can increase your performance very much by:1. Making sure that steam uses the correct graphic card to run BS16 (please see here:http://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/72567/can-i-force-steam-to-use-my-nvidia-gpu-instead-of-the-integrated-intel-card/72576#72576)2. Adjusting your graphic setting within BS16.To increase your fps rate please try to:- simply reduce the viewing distance- make sure that the option ""Always Update Bus Mirrors"" is deactivated"
,Recommended,324310,21636429,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MiniManHere,"3/5  I'll rate yes for the fact that this runs and it provide different scenes of events on routes such as someone running out in front of you to a car broken down and a slow♥♥♥♥♥driver.It is fun if you enjoy these types of games but its more of  short pass time, it has a good feel but I  do wonder if this is a start of somthing like ETS2 has provided after releasing their first one.Graphics are not 100% best but bareable if there is an update to provide some smooth edges and some reflections and smooth mirror reflections then great, the traffic flow feels slow at times but for a game under 18 quid it is not a bad little game.Pros: Drive, crash and customise different buses, hire staff, fire staff for the sake of it specally that one guy who can tell apart from red n green. I heard a fake sick  call to work... gave me an idea.Cons: long loading from start up until you're IN the game out of tutorial. Graphics could be polished, P.O.V mouse movement could range more not a glance left n right. Multiplayer is more of driving other peoples routes not drive with or join friends in a game."
76561198006605875,Recommended,324310,21663013,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,awalleagle,"The bus handling and AI driving aren't very good, but the route planning and random events mostly make up for them.  OMSI is the far better simulator, but I think this manages to be a better game."
,Recommended,324310,21593078,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SGTRY,"Great game so far. Really enjoying it on my Macbook Pro running on medium settings.MacBook Pro (Retina, 15-inch, Late 2013)2 GHz Intel Core i78 GB 1600 MHz DDR3Intel Iris Pro 1536 MB"
,Not Recommended,324310,21794506,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ArchAngel2190,"There is absolutely no ♥♥♥♥ing reason for this game to be this laggy. My computer isn't amazing, but it's decent. It runs Insurgency, Portal, Tomb Raider, and others just fine. But I had to put the graphics on the lowest setting and decrease the resolution for this game. No reason whatsoever for it to be so laggy and slow. I asked for a refund, so do yourself a favor and don't buy it (it's like getting a refund, but you don't have to expereience the♥♥♥♥♥♥that this game put me through)."
,Not Recommended,324310,25765319,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mark Undead,11/10 best PC crash simulator -.-
,Recommended,324310,24024868,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rykor,Ran red lightPolice car behind me with lights onPulled overPolice car drove past10/10 Would run red light again!
,Recommended,324310,30649496,Posted: 21 March,all,stethepea16,"Well I was in two minds to buy this game or not, then I watched the videos of it and found out that you can do loads more!This is the best Bus Simulator I've played! Just a few points in what makes the game great!Giving people a bus ticketPeople parking in bus bayBus doors getting stuckStarting in your own garage and having to walk to your busWalk aroundWhen people crash into you and it counds as there fault not yours!Create your own bus routeMake your own businessMy PC isn't that power full, I forgot to check the specs before buying, I have to run this game on the lowest setting, but this game is still great. I can imagine that the game would be great on full graphics!10/10"
,Recommended,324310,30169287,Posted: 25 February,all,imbakeks,"Bus controls and physics are nicely done, graphics could be better though."
,Recommended,324310,33224532,Posted: 4 July,all,endline,The first simulation game I playedIt's quite nice if you like busses
,Recommended,324310,29663782,Posted: 2 February,all,Flames CS.MONEY,Its a very nice game and it works fine on my laptop
76561198306543661,Not Recommended,324310,28952360,Posted: 2 January,all,nico.veldw7p,"a huge waste of money for mac os x, they pretend it's built for mac, but even on the lowest graphics the game won't even run proper, thx steam wasted some bucks...for people who are running on mac and want to buy it, DON'T"
76561198083127742,Not Recommended,324310,34221613,Posted: 13 August,all,Scorpytits,"Very good idea behind the game, however there is not as many features as it's previous successors, such as Bus Simulator 2012. I wish you could do just as many things in the game as you previously could. The layout for the GUIs are fantastic, and the features such as customizing your buses and a virtual company, changing route layouts etc, all good ideas. I only wish it was put into a better graphical engine with more freedom as to what routes you can take, to phyiscally change the route while you're in the cab, instead of going back to the menu and changing it there. Yes it saves time, but it's a simulator, it's supposed to simulate what it's like to drive a bus. I wouldn't recommend purchasing this if you don't like less detail. But if you're one of those that disagree, so be it! :)"
76561198041157599,Recommended,324310,22086599,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,wake501,very good game but a bit confusing on the missions might just be me but yes thjumbs up for me
,Not Recommended,324310,32934459,Posted: 28 June,all,CeylanCat,"Though I really like this kind of bus sim games, but I'll just stick to a thumb down for now.Reasons are as following:1. The minimum hardware requirement requires a GTX470 or better GPU, my laptop ships with a GTX 1050 Ti mobile(equivelent to desktop GTX 770) and the graphics was surprisingly below satisfactory and the game even tells me that the frame rate is too low.2. Numerous bugs. My laptop ships with Windows 10 HP OEM Version, and basically it reports a fatal error almost every time when I run the game, and I had to run with Windows 8 mode so it can run normally.You can surprisingly find pedestrians being hit by vehicles without getting injured,if you buy the MAN's DLC, you will find other annoying bugs.3. It is my first time to see so many male passengers(incl. adults and students) call a male bus driver 'darling'.4.The only thing impress me most is that almost every passenger cares about the driver because almost every single trip passenger gives 5 dollars so the driver can skip the calculation to keep focused on driving:-DAll in all, I'm quite looking forward to Bus Sim 17 to offer better gaming experience."
,Not Recommended,324310,24068147,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bugsy007,Unplayable due to lag and poor graphics.
76561198210116981,Not Recommended,324310,32105608,Posted: 1 June,all,TheLux2606,It's really not what it looks like on the pictures! It's not worth 15 Euro!!
,Recommended,324310,22225962,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jambers,"After 2.2 hours of playing, I think i've come up with an opinion about the game. It's quite a good bus driving simulator (better than most) however it doesn't live up to OMSI 2. That doesn't mean it's not a bad game. I actually prefer this to OMSI because of the simple fact that the UI is easier to use, but there's also lots of problems which ruin the game.Pros:- Easy to naviagate UI.- Easy to play.- Customisable buses.- The ability to stand up and walk around.- The city feels alive.- Events such as people standing in the way of doors, doors getting stuck etc.Cons:- Bugs. I found a bug where I stopped at a bus stop, was told I didn't need to stop there, drove away from the bus stop and was told that i had skipped a bus stop.- Fines are too high. It's almost impossible to make money because you'll likely keep crashing.- Driving feels sluggish/stiff.- (I'm not sure if this changes after progressing through the game) At the beginning of the game, you're unable to do certain routes because ""roads are closed due to events that will/have happened"". It gets annoying and means you have to drive unnecessary distances to reach bus stops in your route or it will add more stops to it which you likely won't want.- The graphics.- Optimisation.I'd rate it 6/10. It could be improved but it is playable and enjoyable."
76561198157294506,Not Recommended,324310,21620591,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,sp-wrd,It's a good game. but it can be better optimised! With the reccomended system needs the fps is around 20.after months of waiting they realeased some updates. this helped nocking up my fps. But i still don't recommend that you buy this game. because the lack off content.
,Recommended,324310,21694599,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,LaneAtomic,"A fun, ""simulator."" It definitely has potential. The business side is fun, if not basic. AI drivers are really bad (braking for no reason, rear ending you when you're stopped, etc.) and other cars' signals don't work in 1st person view. Otherwise, fun to drive."
76561198267605993,Recommended,324310,21661266,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Md Hanis,Best Game :)
76561198119591452,Recommended,324310,24770030,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Timmirot,"I have a lower end gaming pc and it runs this game fine. I enjoy the management aspect that other bus simulators don't provide. on a whole this is an enjoyable game, and people shouldn't turned away because of the large number of negitave reviews. I had/am having a good time playing this game, without pulling anything near 60fps."
76561198195768173,Recommended,324310,21587218,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,my.epost,Much improved. as promised i have ammended my review. the new patch fixes many of the issues and it is a far more pleasant game to play.
76561197992462465,Recommended,324310,21721470,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,newthog,"My recommendation - watch The Northern Alex livestream and see if this is the game for you.  I was on the fence...due to the conflicting reviews posted here.  Watched the livestream, took the plunge, and purchased the game.  At first I had some trouble using my XBox One controller, until I used the recommended settings from the forums.  Still only have a couple of hours with the game, but I'm enjoying it.  Graphics are somewhat dated, gameplay can seem mundane...but it's relaxing and challenging at the same time.   I feel my money was well spent by purchasing this game, looking forward to many more hours with it."
,Recommended,324310,25154968,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Stratular,"The amount of negative reviews this game has is quite annoying, as the game is definately reccomended.I bought this game after reading hate about it thinking it was going to be not the best of simulators and not what I expected, but for £18.99 this game is worth it. It is quite hard to get used to but after a bit of practice you will find it a lot of fun. I ran the game full max with no problem, my pc specs are listed on my steam page.The tutorial at the start of the game may put people off because its a silly introduction to a game but the management side of the game is really well detailed. Even though the buses aren't of the highest detail it is still a really enjoyable simulator for anyone.I find this a very enjoyable simulator, the developers have really gone to town with the detail of the game, which is always nice to see.This game is 100% worth it, no matter how old you are this game will definately please anyone."
,Recommended,324310,30576705,Posted: 17 March,all,Philodendron-22,I really enjoyed this game and is like driving the actual bus... for me perfect gameplay no bugs that I known of (5 out of 5)
76561198148355489,Not Recommended,324310,35467628,Posted: 4 October,all,Foxzi [Dk],"This game is not good at all, i have a high end pc, and it runs with 30 fps on medium/high. It looks like something from the 90's. Don't even buy if you dont meet the requirements times 3.Information for you, the buyer, this is my specs:i7 6800k1080 Founders Edition16gb 3000mhz850wand so on.....Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
76561198034990972,Recommended,324310,21587424,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MrC0br4,"Bus simulator 2016 is quite enjoyable. If you can see past it's rough edges. The handling isn't that great, the busses feel very floaty when trying to stear. The game isn't optimised properly. It doesn't look bad but this title should not have such high demands for what is shown.Over to the good parts of Bus simulator 2016!There is a good variety of busses, they all are very detailed. Don't be easily fooled by the scale of the map. At first it looks small but once you're actually driving in it, you'll start to see that it takes quite a while to traverse through this map. There is a lot of variety aswell in the scenary. It doesn't look bland at all which is a good thing. There is also mod support which is fantastic and keeps the game alive.Conclusion : This is a great simulator but unfortunately has issues with optimization. I've already played 2 hours and it's a lot of fun in my opinion. I'll definitely be playing for awhile.I suggest you buy it if you really love bus simulators, otherwise just wait for a price cut."
76561198257622603,Recommended,324310,21652319,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,alex.godfrey,when  start the game it says windows has stopped working or something alng those lines... what should i do? anyone else with the same problem?
,Recommended,324310,21632759,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,glennmaxfield100,"I don't normally write reviews because I don't like to skew other peoples enjoyment of a game.  I have driven all the simulation games on the market and this is quite good in a lot of respects but there is one really annoying aspect of this game which has had me SO frustrated.  That is THE TRAFFIC.  It's rubbish, slow, thick, annoying and generally bores tha pants off me.  You spend more time crawling along the road behind them or you are stuck at never changing traffic light where nothing is moving.  It doesn't make you late but sitting looking at a computer game that is doing NOTHING is annoying.  If they don't  change the traffic signals and traffic movement it will bore me off the game.Would I recomend it - YES if you like sitting around doing nothing and NO - if you want to drive."
,Recommended,324310,22844059,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TheNoobKappa,"Great Game!Thing I Like To See Added Are Maybe1)AI Buses so that it does not feel that your the only bus on the road.2)More Buses(Maybe Even Like Scania,Volvo or Mercedes)3)Rain Droplets On The WindShield4)Add Free Roam DrivingThings I like To Be Changed1)Faster Moving AI Vehicles2)Can Choose Which Side Of The Bus Stops(Like I Can Drive To The Same Bus Stops On Different Side Of The Road)3)Choose To Drive What Ever Route You Want And Do Another Without Going Through The Weekly ThingOverall I Would Recommand This Game.Gives The Feel Of Real Bus Driving.Not As Good As OMSI 2 But Still Like It"
76561198081187013,Not Recommended,324310,28295710,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,neeler,"It's just such a plain game, not to mention the driving mechanics... It feels as if you're steering a bicycle but are infact the size of the bus. Since this is a game primarily based around driving, I cannot recommend the game. It does however, have a relatively intuitive management element to the game, which adds something."
,Recommended,324310,22799222,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,K13R4N,Overall i love this game i think its one of the best bus sims out however there are a few things that could be improved. These things inlcude:The traffic goes very slow its stupidTheres no speedometerShould be able to run better considering i have a pretty good computerEventhought this might make it seem bad its not that bad because i continue to play it.
,Not Recommended,324310,24052061,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,UthersonL,"I'll be blunt: the game looks and runs like♥♥♥♥♥ The game's requirements may seem a little high, but, sadly, they are accurate, perhaps even too low - apparently especially with respect to memory consumption.I bought Bus Sim thinking those requirements were just highly overestimated to make sure the game runs smoothly for you even if your OS is slowing things down. No such luck. I decided to risk it and regret it. Playing in a window at the lowest settings, I still struggled to maintain stable 15 fps in the tutorial run. Neither the game's visuals nor gameplay justify the performance in the slightest. Worse yet, after several tries I've been unable to start even a single post-tutorial run without the game crashing while loading.Apparently I've been spoiled by SCS's Truck Simulator series into thinking a simulator could run and play well.In short: avoid. Try OMSI 2 instead."
,Not Recommended,324310,32679424,Posted: 23 June,all,Mees,"I cant play this game, it still crashing.."
76561198194908331,Not Recommended,324310,33164301,Posted: 2 July,all,Kayleigh,1. Installed the game2. Opened it up3. Froze and Crashed4. Repeat5. Uninstalled6. Refunded0/10
76561198036194590,Recommended,324310,21581452,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Over9000,"So far it's a fun game, it's a bit difficult to drive, but i will figure it out :)If you like driving simulator games, then this is one you should try!"
,Recommended,324310,21634572,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,aviationmax01,Its kindy laggy...but graphics are awesome!!!
76561198241616150,Recommended,324310,21729594,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Colossus360,"I adsolutely love this game. The graphics are awesome and the game is wonderfull challenging. The interaction with the AI is great, in that, you not only have to pay attention the vehicles on the road but also pedesstrians. This game is a great alternative to OMSI. Less technical and graphic issues. I would give it two thumps up."
76561198271320822,Recommended,324310,21770966,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,kevsgraphicdesign,Alright This Game Does be laggy sometimes but i can deal with it. Honestly if you turn the graphic settings down the game still look nice! I Do recomend OMSI 2 more than this game but this game has Disabled passengers doors get jammed road blocks traffic very realistic! Im very impressed! Well done Astragon!
,Recommended,324310,21739292,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ToastedAlex,It amazing!the AI acts like me WaldoI feel home10/10
,Recommended,324310,24092486,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,GamingCube165,it is very good but the loding time is very long and i have the minimum requierments.
,Recommended,324310,25448181,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,yorkshireborn,"As somebody that has countless hours of ETS2 i really like this game, its not as polished as the forementioned game but still worth a try if you like the bus thing.While it runs fine on my PC on ultra with the ssaa turned off it can still have a lag or two in places. I seem to think this has something to do with the forced feedback feature which i dont use..you also need to mess about with the steering adjustments in the settings to get it to feel right as at default its too light and set up to drive like a sports car but with a bit of tweaking you can get it to feel right. Same with mouse movement.Graphics are not too bad on Ultra and the AI keeps you on your toes as they are all a bit stupid, but no worse than ETS2, pedestrians have a death wish though, so watch them on the crossings.Its quite tweakable really from the annoying incidents like door jammings and stupid passengers stood in the doorway so you have to get out and shift them, these incidents can be turned down to a minimum or increased.. its up to you. also great to see the use of wheelchair passengers in the game, thats a really nice touch.This game just has a nice feeling attached to it, as somebody who has driven his own car for many years, it brought back many memories of that early morning bus ride to work when i was younger, the engine sound is spot on. not to mention my dad was a bus driver, my mum was a clippy ( the lady that walked up and down the bus saying fares please in the olden days of the 60s) :)Downside for me, and ive been playing about 5 hours or so, there doesnt seem to be any weather systems or day night, give me a rainy winters night driving a bus and im in heaven..Its not bad if you can run it and they do seem to be updating it.."
76561198094876775,Not Recommended,324310,21861993,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,jacob.stringfellow,"This game crashes constantly while loading. Tried it originally on a newer HP desktop, but it wouldnt stay stable even with all new drivers. Loaded it on a brand new ASUS ROG and still the same thing. Waste of money at this point."
76561198151031157,Not Recommended,324310,22163379,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,elit3gamer982k,it doesnt load its come up saying create your company and after that it frezes and stops workingDO NOT BUY!
76561198285706531,Not Recommended,324310,21644081,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jdog44555,This game keeps crashing on my mac and it is very fusterating.
76561198061449032,Recommended,324310,22898490,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The_Ultimatefox,like the game it is fun and the random events that are happening and i think it's realistic.10/10
,Not Recommended,324310,21587051,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,UKDROPSHOTS,its really shocking its really buggy and laggy and it keeps crashing i cant load up my saved game without it crashing on me.
,Not Recommended,324310,21590273,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Lavender Courage,"It lagged like crazy, even though my PC is solid. I started trying to stream it and it got even worse, freezing my whole PC up. Gutted this wasn't what I had hoped it would be. In it's current state I really can't recommend it."
,Recommended,324310,21605265,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Brolunda,♥♥♥♥ YEAH
,Not Recommended,324310,32486431,Posted: 16 June,all,Bork Ramsay | CivilGamers.com,The game is worse than Bus simulator Munich. The rain is basic just lines falling from the sky. The ticketing is like in Bus simulator 12. I'm really disappointed!
76561198338930384,Not Recommended,324310,32152975,Posted: 3 June,all,Minelogical1231,Terrible if you have a crap PC. Waaaaaay to laggy. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,324310,21663519,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,G1nge_UK,"I started this with a fair expectation.  On well so much for that.Lets talk about controls, using a wheel and pedals pressing brake twice engages reverse.  The steering starts turning very slow then gets much quicker about halfway through the turn.  Also why get me to define gear up and down in the settings if they dont work???If it rains, both the rain and wipers seem like they're working in slow motion whilst everything else is moving at normal speed.You press the key to look at either side mirror, it slowly changes to that side and slowly back.  If you look with the mouse, you have to move back withthe mouse also, not good when driving.  Especially as the AI is worse than the AI in ETS2 and ATS.The 'route planner' is a falicy, you cant plan the route, you click on the desired stops and it gives you the roads you have to travel.  So instead  of a single outer road to follow, you'll have a series of turns and lights that take longer to get there.It isn't all bad though, the idea of the route planner is a good start, maybe have the switching of views to be instant if desired.  Let players unbind dual controls or assign a single control eg brakes for braking only.I can't in all fairness recommend this game as thers too much enjoyment killing issues.  I will however keep this in my watch list just in case it gets better.Maybe I've been spoilt by ETS2 and ATS.  Who knows, time will tell."
,Not Recommended,324310,21592453,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Redhawk,"It's apparent that stillalive studios has made a wholeheartedly attempt at making a bus simulator.The game lets you control everything from opening the garage door to printing tickets and giving change to you customers. The games UI feels fresh and modern and is pretty easily navigated. I like that you can make your own bus routes and assign drivers to drive them.Unfortunately for me, the games falls flat in one of the most important mechanics, the driving part.The handling feels very loose and the bus veers all over the place, and I'm playing on a controller with the sensitivity on its minimum setting. It doesn't feel like you are steering a 14-ton bus when it jerks at the smallest input on the joystick.As mentioned by other players, the voice acting is not very good. At all. And before reaching my first hour of playtime i was already hearing the same chatter from the people in my bus as i was hearing in the beginning, it seems that they haven't recorded that many lines for people to say.The game has a couple of pretty interesting mechanics though. The doors on the bus can jam and you will be forced to close them manually, emergency vehicles can rush up behind you with their sirens on wanting you to move over, there's dynamical construction sites and more stuff.But ultimately, for me, the game has potential but i cannot recommend it in its current state. The steering is too off and the game has some obvious optimization issues. I'm considering refunding it and maybe coming back if it's patched."
,Not Recommended,324310,21590664,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,STUZEL,"My notebook featurewindows 10 64-bitProzessor: Intel Core i7 4700HQ mit 2,40 GHzArbeitsspeicher: 12 GB RamGrafikkarte: GeForce GTX 850mDirectX 12Festplatte: 11,9 GB freier FestplattenspeicherPlay resolution:1360x768The lowest qualityHi giving off error in the middle of the game"
76561197980800257,Not Recommended,324310,21591116,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,mart1n2005,"After watching videos for this i thought this would be a great simulator in the vein of train simulator and euro truck simulator 2, i was pretty wrong. The town you are set in is very dull to look at and the road designs are boring. There is very little variety to traffic or scenery. The handling of the buses seems off entirely, far too floaty with no real feedback to the road. graphically the game is very poor, the bus models arent too bad buy everything else looks like a ps2 game upresed and to make that seem worse it doesn't even run well. I exceed the recommended specs yet i only get 15-20fps.I would not recommend spending the money on this game until it is optimised better and had some better car and scenery models patched in. I have personally requested a refund for the game, if it improves them i may give it another chance but right now i will be getting american truck simulator instead"
76561198141483079,Recommended,324310,22637498,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mr. Boonana,"It's amazing... for me I can only handle the Lowest settings and it's still a bit laggy but I'm fine with it... I didn't think I was gonna bother much with it when it was laggy, but nope I kept on playing and playing... If I could refund it, Then nope I wouldn't! 500/10 really recommened!iOS Version: 6/10 Graphics aren't that good, gameplay mechanics isn't that good. but it's still fun!PC/Mac Version: 500/10 Graphics are awesome (Well they are if you're not on the lowest settings!) Gameplay mechanics are good!Derp Version: 0/10 Not a real thing XD"
76561198019202718,Not Recommended,324310,24067103,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,robert,Game those not work with 2560X1080.   Relaunch the game to play a second time and could not click on anything.  First time I play i had to change the resloution to do things when i relaunch it seem to have lost all those setting.  Very disappointed
,Recommended,324310,29562692,Posted: 29 January,all,TSM,You drive a bus.
,Not Recommended,324310,29069609,Posted: 6 January,all,brandi.babygirl,its just bad i really have no other words for it
76561198062221966,Recommended,324310,23803157,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,wildbill5150,u can disable the cashier function and drive like a canadian bus driver........love it!!
,Not Recommended,324310,24632230,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,AlexCollins_,I recently refunded this game as the fps is absoulute rubbish and the game moves at a very very very slow pace. Not worth buying at all!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,324310,22928038,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Eesti Ordu,"ITS 26,00 EURO THATS ♥♥♥♥ THE GAME ALL TIME SAY ME MISSING EXTULE THAT STEA MPROBLEEM I RAPORT POLICY"
,Not Recommended,324310,22927073,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,cyongjed,This game is horrible. It cannot even load!! Think twice before buying
76561198282224714,Not Recommended,324310,21826077,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,wyattk806,"I am very disappointed. First of all, I waited 29 minutes just for the game to finish loading, then I wait another 20 minutes for the tutorial to load. Then it just quit randomly. I have mac OSX and it did not load. Can someone please tell me something I can do."
76561198050790477,Recommended,324310,22491848,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,MickMcKay,"It's a great Bus Simulation game, but it doesn't feel finished and shouldn't be a full release.- Not enough content in the game.- Performance issues, even with high end systems.- Lacks updates to keep the game interesting.Regardless, this game is a bunch of fun, especially if you like Simulation games.The developers just need to add extra content and optimize the game itself."
,Not Recommended,324310,24607848,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Pud,This game keeps getting stuck on the loading screen no nonononononono
76561198166706511,Recommended,324310,21789959,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TheGuy,good game!! buy it!
76561198102890083,Recommended,324310,24077686,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Matt Hatter,"I think this is an overall great game.This game has a very dynamic world. The passengers have a variety of conversations, and there is many different situations that can take place, such as a jammed door. You may even be affected by road works, and rush hour traffic. The developers have really captured the real-life Bus atmosphere. I was amazed at the support for a wide variety of wheels, such as the Logitech G29. I really enjoyed the online companies, although you can't drive with your friends, you can manage a company together, which I think was a great idea, because it makes you really think about your decisions, as you need to discuss them with other players.However, it seems like it isn't very well optimised as it doesn't run brilliantly (they're trying to work on this, and they are doing a great job).  The only other complaint I have is fixed-pricing. I was expecting to be able to adjust my prices, and have the number of passengers vary, due to my pricing. I do really hope they add adjustable pricing.This game is most defiently worth giving a try, because you can really tell that a lot of time has been put into it!"
,Recommended,324310,24013727,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Office Dreamer,"Pros:-Can run smoothly-Focuses on things like passangers-Simple yet fun-More stable than OMSI 2-Less glitchy than OMSI 2-The AI is at least more intelligent than OMSI 2'sCons:-Passangers have lacking dialogue (e.g. Bubble Tea conversation,""Thank You dear"" etc)-GPS somehow screws up on my first run of the game (There is said to be a route diversion on an event,a inner Suburb District route suddenly connects to Kolb Convention Center which is on the Business District)-No Camera Mode-Lacking decals and ads options(Both only have 8)-No Highway which makes you stuck with the normal city roads and limits fast route choicesSummary:Decent game but it feels incomplete"
76561198163240236,Recommended,324310,22579959,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TheBurgerDevil,Pretty good game but you need a good computer to play it.The loading screens take ages to load.I highly recomend playing this game.
76561198276908693,Recommended,324310,25268481,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,matthewriches73,Very Good and enjoyable
,Not Recommended,324310,22186584,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,TheWonderCraft,"I really didnt enjoy the game. To start off, The game ran really slow, and I know that my computer can run a game like Arma 3 at ultra settings while having over 60 frames for seconds. after fixing my lag issues i ended up having to switch to lowest settings on a resolution of 720p that was orriginaly 1080p.The controls are pretty clunkey and the ai were a really big pain. Over all I really didnt like the game, The graphics are pretty bad aswell.This is just my oppinion about the game. its your money and no one can tell you what you can or cannot do with it. This is just some advice that the game isnt the greatest bus simulator out there. anyways thanks for reading."
76561198296800134,Not Recommended,324310,22248416,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ShrillWig814838,"Teribal does not install the game. It installs 0 bytes out of 0 bytes. Takes ages to load, at this point of time i really want a refund for this game.I don't recommend this game. It wasted the whole day. A wast of money."
76561197960319476,Not Recommended,324310,25108122,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,damien,"There might be a nice game in here. However with a recommended spec PC I don't even get stable 30fps on the lowest settings. What I do notice is that my GPU RAM is always maxed out at 2GB (in comparison ATS and ETS use well under 1GB while looking way nicer and running fluently) and uses about 7GB RAM. This seems somewhat excessive, given the performance is still bad.Also, for a bus simulator, the driving mechanics leave a lot to be desired."
,Recommended,324310,27895060,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ama-nee,"For all we know, Astragon is known to be the Reverse King Midas of simulators, turning everything it touches into turd. Expectedly, BS2k16 doesn't catch stars for you, surprising with subpar performance (come on, 15FPS even on GTX750Ti? With THESE visuals?) and sudden crashes out of nowhere...Okay. It crashed on me only twice but I had to resolve it with playing in windowed mode. Not the editor's choice, if you ask me.Handling will feel familiar for those who had to sit through SCS Soft's Bus Driver back then. Except there's no penalty for slamming the brakes (unless you engage handbrake of any kind) and MAN A23 has stopping distance on par with supercars. Seems like it's a simulator not in regards of vehicle behavior but rather of what a bus can do and what a bus ride can be, with pneumatic suspension ""kneeling"" for these self-entitled meatbags on bus stops, with doors jamming on a freshly bought bus, lights, cashier, opening doors and livestock in the cabin throwing fits if they suspect you're too slow (shut your trap you offbeat womanchild before I gnaw on your ugly low-polygonal face without leaving the seat).In that particular thing - putting you in a bus driver's shoes - BS2k16 excels a lot, covering up for all possible bugs and drawbacks you may find. Don't buy it for full price though."
,Not Recommended,324310,24232104,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Steinnes,Just finished loading the tutorial...
76561198152530617,Recommended,324310,34152570,Posted: 10 August,all,osmanas mazurinas,this game great but lagg and freez
76561198023257035,Recommended,324310,22457751,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Starbucaneer,"I REALLY REALLY like this game.At first I was unsure being somewhat put off by negative reviews. However StillAlive have already patched the game which has improved the performance issues. So, with this in mind, after watching Squirrel's Lets Play videos on YouTube I decided to purchase a copy.Very easy to get the hang of, much easier than OMSI. I have OMSI too. BS16 is more sophisticated than arcade type driving games but not as ""simulatorish"" as OMSI.Creating Bus routes and customising your company buses is also great fun.I find the Customer interactions very enjoyable. Walking on and off the bus and walking around the cabin of the bus is also a very enjoyable experience. The most ""realistic"" passengers I have encountered in this type of game too. Far better than OMSI of Train Simulator for example.All in all this is a very enjoyable game, I hope StillAlive Studios release further expansions in the form of city maps and of course buses. (we already have a new bus in the form of MAN Lios City A47M!!) and at a very affordable price! £1.59!!If you have any doubts about buying this, watch Squirrels Lets Play. He gives a very good overview of the game."
,Not Recommended,324310,22410457,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Dr zohan,I Always blocks my pc when the games starts and it stops loading in the loading screen .
,Not Recommended,324310,24799030,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,jonathansteward,"So yes this is an okay simulation of running a bus company and also driving busses however there are some issues!Left mirror is laggy and looks really weird.draw distance is really low and the mirrors are even worse!NPC's do silly things like stand in the way of doors causing you problems.I've not experianced any bugs or any performace issues but OMSI is such a better game!For Note I am running an I7 6700k, r9 390, 16Gb ddr4 ram, running on a standard HDD with no lag on high settings"
76561198007904455,Not Recommended,324310,28358006,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,rediceman,giocare con il joypad è impossibile....la sterzata è pessima....mettete il suppoorto totale per i controller
,Recommended,324310,29764929,Posted: 7 February,all,The One and Only Dirty Dan,-This game is what all people that love simulator games want...It combines alot of features that i never seen in any simulator game before!- If you into this type of genres it really is a good thing to catch up and play! For me havent seen a bug with graphics and such...Some do but those don´t have an good computer to handle it ;)-Also have in mind the developers always talk nicely to the fans and I love that in the video game industry! Always see and hear the feedback of fans really makes me proud of being one in this community :D-Once again if you feeling the need of an simulator game dont hesitate and see this for yourself!
,Not Recommended,324310,28179081,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Gamer291,game takes forever to load and in-game it doesn't run smoothly
,Not Recommended,324310,28529498,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,shai285,always when im try to get in to the game its get me out and im cant play
,Recommended,324310,28732120,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Conner,before i start this review for people who keep get crash please read the requirement of game as if not 64 bit you wont able playi like game yes it very glitchty but i can drive with arrows key or wasd also lower you grapic settings that help stop my lag i set to lowsset and no lag.
76561198164064656,Not Recommended,324310,26533655,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,WARBIL,Sad as hell
76561198048048796,Recommended,324310,22269318,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,kierankent,good game
76561198263804199,Recommended,324310,22252340,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,kfirpro,god god
76561198135525462,Not Recommended,324310,32022801,Posted: 28 May,all,SuperTrucker(UK),The game doesn't work ets really slow
76561198170071309,Recommended,324310,25723384,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,bigbadsoop50,GREAT SO FUN
76561198197108061,Not Recommended,324310,32573734,Posted: 19 June,all,aaronmontero14,"It's a good game, but it's hard (at least for me) to adapt to. Really hard. It's sensitive, then it's not, and the bus is too flimsy and big to stay on the streets. Also, AI is a dumb piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good concept and gameplay, but not good driving environment."
76561198226967328,Recommended,324310,26760498,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SLAPTRAIN,i can now drive a bus :)
,Recommended,324310,21734022,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DLTA,"Worked after the patch, however sometimes very low framerate and I have better than all the reccomended specs. Also, after I installed a mod by the devs, it currupted my save file. You should buy this game but mod with caution."
76561198308024739,Recommended,324310,23482236,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,njkrov18,it is awsome but i do know how to change the bus wheel cap
76561198038923906,Recommended,324310,30132933,Posted: 23 February,all,SPIKE,"As bus simulators go, this is a top notch one. Very much on par with Truck & Euro Truck Sim.I'm a bus driver and I think this would make a very good training tool for new drivers or those wanting to be one.Only things letting it down is that you can't convert it from European to U.K workings like: £'s, mph, left lane/right hand drive vehicles and so on!Would be awesome if you could give multiple colours to you livery rather than a base colour with logos and adverts.... but I'm just being picky! Would love a London Bus add on if it could be done!"
76561198097575514,Recommended,324310,34021651,Posted: 4 August,all,REYMOND,wery good  gamesonly  bad maps update no
,Recommended,324310,21596579,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Stanley,"No longer own this game as I refunded it shortly after being disappointed when it first released.But since one of the devs let me know there has been an update I asked a friend to let me have a go over at his house.Most of my previous complaints remain, while it runs a little better than before it still needs work to be taken seriously. My biggest problem right now is the mirror view distance, its laughably short :SThe ability to interact with stuff around the world, like the garage or the bus is the strongest part of this game, that being said its still disappointing for me, Im a sim guy, so when a game claims its a sim, I expect high levels of realism and this game just doesnt sell that idea for me, driving isn't bad, better than Fernbus with its ridiculous bus wobble, or OMSI with 0 weight behind the steering wheel(some FFB would fix). Just seems like a toy not a simulator.Oh, almost forgot to mention the neat multiplayer, wasnt able to try it myself but if the video explaining it doesn't lie and it works as it claims then this game is far more appealing to me now.That feature which is so common these days doesnt seem to ever  come to bus sims, as far as I know no one else offers MP right out of the box, so a strong selling point here, since coop can make people overlook the other flaws/complaints one could have.Anyway, if you want a hardcore bus sim then this is not it, but if you dont mind something a little  more casual then this seems to be the easiest bus sim to get into.Also thanks to the devs for letting me know aboout the change, and sorry for the garbage initial review, however bad the game could've been I should've gone a bit easy on the swearing and just straight up insulting.@Note:"
,Recommended,324310,22350933,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,44353,"I am not very good at driving buses and other things like that, but because of that, this game is perfect for me. It teaches you how to drive the bus and do awesome things with yuor franchise. On the other hand, if you are on an expert, stick with OMSI or some other game like that. I think this game is helpful for beginners but boring for experts."
,Not Recommended,324310,25190836,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MCGISTICS,Do not buy this game it os a total load of crap there is no proper control with it and the graphics are total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,324310,34134251,Posted: 9 August,all,PreferablyNot,"No TrackIR support.The driving mechanics are quite arcadey, your bus doesn't feel like it has any real weight. This is especially felt when turning, your steering wheel doesn't take time to move, it just veers left and right. Viewing distance is low so all you see in your mirrors is a car or two then it all quickly disappears into whiteness."
,Recommended,324310,33973334,Posted: 2 August,all,AJ/GAMING-57,"I bought this game a few days ago as i was previously play bus simulator 2012 and found it very difficult to control the bus in the 2012 version and i didn't know there was a 2016 version until i was looking at the fernbus and omsi 2 and thats when i came across this version and i have found the buses on this 2016 version of bus simulator a lot easier to control and turn all corners even though the 2 games are made by the same company but i just wish they had put in more districts onto the map as i have opened 3 districts already however for people who have not played any bus sim games i would highly reccomend playing this version rather than the 2012 version before you decide to play any of the other bus simulator games that ive mentioned i would urge people to use the bus simulator 2016 as a practice game before buying any of the other bus simulator games that way you get use to driving buses as the other more modern ones do have alot more to offer but i would still use this game as a practice game and even when you do buy the more upto date versions and you stop playing bus simulator for a long period you can use your BS 2016 as brush up,bus sim 2016 is a very enjoyable game to play even though it does get a bit nerve wracking with the sirens that keep popping up and when you pull over to let them pass they seem to stop with you before they decide to pass and its a bit odd the way they do that especially when your on a tight time schedule between each stops also the passengers are a bit weird when they get off the bus they seem to bump into and push passengers away that are waiting to board and the boarding passengers seem to move sideways before getting onto the bus so that could do with addressing and make them more realistic and stop passengers bumping into each other and stop them moving sideways as they just slide not walk and thats so unreal if they could sort the passenger issues out this would be an even greater game but dont just take my word for it go on and give it a go for yourselves and tell me what you think happy bus drivingand good luck hope you all you newbies will enjoy your new game"
76561198314001266,Not Recommended,324310,25884278,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,lukeroche06,This game is the WORST! I got it for 25€ and All it did was crash my mac
76561198340973798,Not Recommended,324310,34354503,Posted: 19 August,all,aidanwalkey983,doesnt work for me might work for you i wouldn`t buy it if you like mods.
,Not Recommended,324310,34368585,Posted: 20 August,all,The_King_124,it needs a demo first
76561198152720821,Not Recommended,324310,34959936,Posted: 14 September,all,WyoTeacher75,"Mediocre, at best.At most worth $10. The driving mechanic is pretty good and the city you drive in looks fairly decent.What makes this game mediocre?1. Horrible ai. The driver AI drives like a bunch, of mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ people, who happen to be in their 90s.2. Horrible passenger dialogue. I see myself muting the game, to avoid hearing their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rambling, and even them talking about some♥♥♥♥♥♥game (obviously advertising0 Also, they tend to ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about minor things, (i.e ignoring a late passenger, ignoring a ""troublemaker""), etc).Maybe if this games price drastically goes down, it's not worth your money. Try OMSI or somerhings like that instead"
76561198127572407,Recommended,324310,29291252,Posted: 15 January,all,Artful Dodger,"I cannot understand the many negative comments on this game. Im not sure what people expect from a relatively cheap, non-AAA game. Im playing on the 'test' performance version and it runs well and have not had any crashes thusfar and I get the feeling many of the earlier gripes have been attended to.PROs:+ It looks decent enough.+ The performance patch has made the game a lot better.+ Very good G27 steering wheel support, ready to play when I plugged it in.  Not even Project Cars or Assetto did that, and it took me an afternoon to set up my wheel on OMSI 2!+ Very accesible and super intuitive user interface+ Ability to run your own company, hire and fire drivers, create  lines: these add to the fun and  playability.+ Has an easy to use, uncomplicated cashier system with English speaking Passengers+ Driving is not as realistic as OMSI 2 but, it definitely is not  completely arcade. Realism is at the very worst, passable.+ Its surprisingly stable and bug free.CONS :- Single map limits the game somewhat, making it easy to burn out on the gameplay quicker than Id like.- No force feedback for engine vibration or terrain, makes the driving experience feel 'floaty'.-Workshop items are a little sparse.I think if the developers continue to work on the realism and physics of the gameplay and continue to implement suggesstions made by the community, as they have been doing, this game will hands down beat the competition.If you are looking for a starter Bus SImulator - this is the better choice. If you want an excellent, hightly realistic driving experience, but dont mind wrestling with a horribly quirky user interface,  dealing with lots of German and have the patience to figure out a hard to access, complicated routing system, get OMSI.Dont hate me, but I have been playing this as my bus simulator of choice. It may not be as realistic as it gets, but its great fun."
,Not Recommended,324310,35398683,Posted: 1 October,all,jbhoop204,this game has a good idea but terrible controls i couldn't figure out anything.
76561198091346529,Recommended,324310,21678869,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MISS SNIPER QUEEN,"I used to be a professional bus driver before I lost my CDL license due to a hit and run that was not my fault. Once I lost my job as a bus driver I then moved on to professional gaming... so you can imagine how thrilled I was whenever I saw this game. As both a professional bus driver AND gamer I could not be more impressed with this game. Very realistic, I've worked in the business and let me tell you this is just like the business. Very realistic, great tutorial, very fun, very immersive... I felt like I was driving buses again!For my reviews like this please visit my streamhttp://www.twitch.tv/kaceytron.com"
76561198172671787,Recommended,324310,21585182,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,cprm97,"Good game. The graphics are not the best, but is funny game"
,Recommended,324310,33977612,Posted: 2 August,all,Ag,this game is very addictive for what it is.  i highly recommend it.  even tho there are a few bugs that ive found i can look past those and see how enjoyable it can be
76561198015343686,Not Recommended,324310,23791067,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,filmogriter,"A thumbs down here. I will change it if a couple of things are fixed;1. Optimise the game - this is development 101 and there is  no way a game with these type of graphics should run at anything other than full speed ahead.2. Introduce TrackIR support - essential for any driving simulator.This has the potential to be a fantastic game, however, look at fixing some of these more important issues as a priority before releasing DLC (which you have already done).Fix the two major issues listed above and it will be a thumbs up for me."
76561198170948821,Not Recommended,324310,24108859,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,bvmlogistics,the game wont evean load
76561198148235513,Not Recommended,324310,24811821,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,LouisB2004,Powerful computer: Check!Unbearable lag that renders the game pretty much unplayable: Check!Spent £19: Check!
76561198196332891,Recommended,324310,21585771,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,tomdwalton2013,took ages for it come on and load. the game is very very slow :( anything i can do to make it go faster?
,Recommended,324310,23004905,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,matty1415,This game is okey
76561198301706762,Not Recommended,324310,22760002,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,qasimtelefoniaonline,We have issuwe cant play this game in my pc
,Recommended,324310,23966360,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Delta 2-1,Its okay. Wish I could invert the mouse though.
76561198294836234,Not Recommended,324310,22564353,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Theo.newman,my game isnt loading so i cant play the game
76561198113064998,Not Recommended,324310,21823502,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Girardin71,"Well this game isn't OMSI 2, but its fun to play, you can now control how much traffic and pedestrians.  if you are using G27, G29 disable driver helper.ProsYou can rename and renumber routesControl how much traffic and pedestriansConsModing SucksNot a real simulatorNo real AutomaticBrake paddle will make the bus go backwardsAccident fines are too highCan’t get the key of the City without go millions in debtNo Mp3 supportDebt interest too highToo many emergency vehiclesTraffic lights too longThere are some gitches like you can't brake while in Reverse."
76561198152352467,Not Recommended,324310,23986507,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mavenikofficial,very bad game wasted 500 bucks on this stupid game . so disappoint :(
76561198133904900,Not Recommended,324310,24290459,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MooGoesCow,"I changed my graphics from low to high wow i got almost 10 fps boost i was like wtf??? And btw why just dont buy omsi 2?? you dont need these specs on omsi 2 which is weird this game does not have almost any detail.... Just looks like kid has done the game look at omsi 2 i mean the textures are not that game (If the map maker is bad in buidling maps and takes low texture buidlings) Yeah but the graphics,Procescor etc. You need for this game are ridicilous i would not recommend this game for those reasons... But if you still play the game if you put the graphics higher there is a possibility that you get a fps boost also....."
76561198294097248,Recommended,324310,23217218,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,MinistryOfDarkness,its a great game i enjoyed playing it. add a double decker bus if possible
76561198271896202,Not Recommended,324310,25208953,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,jonesollie64,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067694170,Not Recommended,324310,21790270,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Thomasons,"Well, to start off, if you think you have met the system requirements. Don't be fooled. This game on ULTRA LOW graphics settings, on resolution 1024X768 (My monitor is normaly 1920X1080), on everything turned down...my PC which has 12GB RAM an OFBOARD Graphics card (and yes steam uses this graphics card) my quad-core processer with 3.60GHZ isn't fast enough for this low-end looking game. They asked €20+, just don't be fooled. Wait untill they have fixed the issue with this game, because without stuttering and low FPS (20 or lower) you won't play this game, unless you have a better PC with the newest graphics card (maybe?). Don't get me wrong, the game on itself is wonderful. Let's say it this way, for now don't buy it. For the future and all DEV's who are reading this, it has potential.Well, I am not touching this game anytime soon, unfortunatly."
76561198148871409,Recommended,324310,23061128,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,espeytte,After the new update the game always crash!
76561198018925816,Not Recommended,324310,21727561,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,adrianchaplin,the graphics are not great the game play is slow the buses are boring you had more interaction with the buses on bus simulator 12 and the graphics are better so nope wouldnt reccomend anyone buying this at all
,Not Recommended,324310,21772206,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Florian.Mellab,I ♥♥♥♥ing payed 25 euros for this crap game which crashes after 5 seconds
76561198283471809,Not Recommended,324310,22384826,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,braxtonmullen,"his game is a lemon.i can't get past the loading screen.please remove it from steam as a bad, waste of money game."
76561198341342254,Not Recommended,324310,33279177,Posted: 5 July,all,madkillXplayz,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥do not buy it
,Not Recommended,324310,22346364,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Martijn Coenen,"My first ever 'refund request' was done for this 'simulator'. It's garbage. Just so bad I played it 12 minutes before hitting the refund request button. I had low expectations, it's even lower."
,Not Recommended,324310,24787598,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Letplane,Wont even load a thing.
76561198399767465,Not Recommended,324310,33389290,Posted: 8 July,all,D3stroy3rOfHop3,not worth it keep yo money
76561198236835052,Not Recommended,324310,32207400,Posted: 5 June,all,justinheard33,very boing and scks if u in to bus simulator cool get it but it gets boring reapting the same stuff over and over.
76561198259632360,Not Recommended,324310,29811341,Posted: 9 February,all,The Unknown Username,"its really laggy and my mouse dosent work in the game and it crashes.it may be my pc or the game is just really laggy, maybe buy?"
,Not Recommended,324310,31043440,Posted: 9 April,all,bradleywood258,please help me every time i go on the game it dosent load at crashes my laptop please give me my money back as i payed £20 and i could get a betta bus game i really like the game as i have played it onec and it as stoped working. I got this game for christmas and havent played it since. Its alot of money for a game what i cant play so please give my money back!
,Recommended,324310,34348277,Posted: 19 August,all,感謝の神。,Nice >>
,Recommended,324310,30010230,Posted: 18 February,all,efcuS,hahaha hiç fena değil ancak bir süre sonra sıkıyor
76561198049014327,Recommended,324310,35203229,Posted: 25 September,all,Professor,A great game but please add to options frame rate (fps) cap and benchmark.  This will help the game run better. thank you.
76561198023616174,Not Recommended,324310,35269335,Posted: 28 September,all,Fluffy_Gutts,"I would love to give you an indepth review of this game but it want load so I cant. I have done all I can to get this game working and it just want, the dev's know about these tech issues and have not patched it. Maybe in a years time when the game has been patched it might be worth your time. Or just buy next years bus sim and hope for the best. I cant recomend this game as there are a number of tech issues."
,Not Recommended,324310,21592585,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,VOODOO[3Styl?],I don't know what to say.. I have been waitinng for this game for a while now.I'm a little let down.. I can run ETS2 with no issue on Medium Graphics and get a decent frame rate of which is playable. 40+ I think. The frame rate I am getting on this is appauling.There are a lot of positives and negatives which I don't want to post as there are many other reviews which would say the samethings as I am saying. I am debating to get a refund and keep the money until I notice more positive reviews are coming out.But as of right now I do not feel like running anymore people over because of bad optimization and steering.
,Not Recommended,324310,22110012,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Lach Anonym,"Nice there is a possibility to create a bus business with colleagues, butEvenBus Simulator2009was better in performance than this, at leastyou could feel the real 70km/h speed.It had also similar features included... oh wait...there were more buses than here! And an Autobahn!To be honest -price is just outrageous. If you don't want to frustrate yourself, better don't buy it. If you did,better refund and spend it forOMSI 2or evenGarry's Mod!"
76561198196830285,Recommended,324310,31429379,Posted: 28 April,all,stampysmith,Good Fun
76561197976162117,Not Recommended,324310,21596176,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SaltyBurst,"I have 41 minutes of play time.My setup -Beyond computer requirementsG29 Steering Wheel/ClutchI always review videos and saw that Squrrel had posted one. I've been looking for another sim based driving game to go along with my steering wheel since ATS and ETS2 currently aren't matching my requirements as far as ATS not releasing their game patch for months and ETS not on the mutiplayer scene as much anymore.Bus Sim 16 is probably great if you use mouse and keyboard. Took mutiple attempts to try to get it to see my G29 and register it in. Too many controls for the bus that make it impossible to run the G29 solo without a keyboard and mouse. Game wouldnt allow me to use my L3 and R3 buttons for blinkers or anything else, kept forcing the map icon to appear. Also the feedback and control over this game is terrible. My bus would go about 30 and if I barely moved my steering to the right it would hard feedback (past autocentering) to the left and then again back to the right. If I let go my steering wheel would just bounce back and forth and my bus would be out of control.Great game concept, glad to see they fixed the dashboard looks from what the youtube video posted but game developers ( I thought ) that deal with driving sims should understand that people are going to want to play the game SOLOY with their wheels and their limited amount of buttons. ""Driving"" the character to the bus was fun but no interaction allowance to open the door and be able to sit down.All in all great concept, half way decent graphics, but I have only requested 1 additional refund to this game and that was  Xcom2.2 Requests for refunds over how ever many years Steam has been alive."
,Recommended,324310,23870254,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,geborg,I am only 2 hours in the game but I already love the level of detail: You can control every little part of the bus as well as the surrounding local transport business. If you are into busses go buy this.Also the little stories you hear when the passengers talk are quite amusing and give it a good feeling.
76561198175776473,Not Recommended,324310,21592246,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,tom.sykes,"Very disappointed with Bus Simulator 16, the graphics work terribly on my MacBook Pro, also had to connect a third-party mouse onto the Mac because the right-click function is needed.Overall I would recommend waiting a month or so until these bugs are hopefully fixed."
,Not Recommended,324310,21850211,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,davecad,I think you got to have a beast of a computer to play this. I was getting 7/8 fps. I didn't even get out of the parking lot xD
76561198129451651,Not Recommended,324310,21838384,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Lawz,Terrible just terrible. I may not be on a gaming computer but at least some very powerful running games work on my Mac very well. The cost is stupid too. Please don't get this.
,Not Recommended,324310,21872921,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,craigm044,Takes a long time to load up
,Not Recommended,324310,22221744,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,daniel.moule,"Whatever I try, I can not get the game to get past the loading screen, waste of £17 and unfortunnatley can't get a refund, tried on 3 different laptops"
,Recommended,324310,22597502,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Panda,fun
76561198107074642,Not Recommended,324310,21627792,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,zsabbato,Slow it is like you are playing the game in slow motion until they fix this error i would not recomend this game
76561198237157464,Not Recommended,324310,30583944,Posted: 17 March,all,sreya_99,it takes time to load and the forward and backward keys does not work
76561198298623937,Not Recommended,324310,26421642,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,seanharper,when i got this game it did not work
76561198210580739,Not Recommended,324310,30955790,Posted: 4 April,all,m.3051m,"I bought this game when it was on sale so I don't feel like I've been completely ripped off, but I wish I could've even saved the money I did spend on it even though it was on sale and was a good price.The game is laggy and have a gaming PC. Also the graphics are not good. It's too cartoonish and I feel like I'm playing the Sims, not playing a real driving simulator such as train sim and American truck sim, etc. The game is not good, the map isn't big and again, it's just too ""cartoonish"" looking and not realistic enough for me. It reminds me also of a game a toddler would enjoy because of how it looks. Not good!!"
,Not Recommended,324310,32051638,Posted: 29 May,all,finmide,"I tried to play this and found it way to difficult to even get started. Theres a special function for pretty much every key on the keyboard and such. Makes it hard to learn how to play this game. If you done this kind of thing before go ahead and try this, but if you want to start the series with this game like I tried it's not recommended. You would probably just get yourself wedged between a wall and a cloumn just trying to figure out how to close the door to your bus."
76561198185949377,Recommended,324310,23638827,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,CSOFFER.ME,i loke it
,Not Recommended,324310,25088024,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Tectreck trade?,I would not recommend this game if u have played other driving sims before because the physiks of the game are kinda broken and the game by tiself is not very well optimized. I have a gtx 970 and i couldnt play the game on high because I only got like 50 fps. The camera angles are broken in this game. U cannot look in both side mirrors at the same time without moving ur over sensitiv mouse. U cannot regulated ur mouse sensitivity. Overall i dont find the game that entertaining
76561198121313591,Not Recommended,324310,21694057,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Apu ^^,"Nao comprem !!! Game extremamente bugado com os loading mais de 5 minutos esta com problema na perfomace muito lixo , de um jeito nisso vo pedir meo dindin de volta.Do not buy !!! Game extremely buggy with loading more than 5 minutes with this problem in perfomace lot of garbage , in a way it vo ask m dindin back."
76561198038553822,Not Recommended,324310,21583888,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Alt075,So far this game is not enjoyable. It moves so slow. I have a i7 computer. 12gb ram. My graphics card is better than what is suggested.  I have a top notch computer and it does not run well. It crashed my computer. Will be requesting a refund. If they improve may but at a later time. I was looking forward to this game.
,Not Recommended,324310,21798039,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,gergefil,"I have a mid range to low graphics card and an i5 processor. I play Euro Track Simulator in mid settings. This game is not playable at all with the minimum system requirements listed on the page. It opens for sure, but graphics are like a 1980 NES game.Basically, you can't play this game if you don't have a high end gaming machine. Requested refund."
,Not Recommended,324310,21584074,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Justin Smithy,i got the game has it ups but has more downs i really like theres alot to do and you walk around the graphics of nature and building is alot realistic than omsi but the game itself doesnt feel realistic just something about it just seems a bit for kids dont get me wrong its good game but yet bad in that way not worth the money that they want for it its worth the same as bus simulator 2012. im not sure if i shud get refund or not im still questioning that
,Not Recommended,324310,21584400,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Jezza,"I brought this game and its very very poor, the traffic moves very slowly as well as the bus your driving. Its just not worth buying it as its not fun you wait ages for it to load up alos the indercators on the bus don't even flash how they would in real life its not even realistic so it just makes the game boring."
76561198249830316,Not Recommended,324310,21630779,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bobby,Windows 10 Is Not Suppoted Because It Crashes My Game When I Try To Load Please Fix!
76561198137047576,Not Recommended,324310,21624609,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,etangreig,DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEEverytime I tried to chagne to a diffarant saved game it would crash on me and the online bit of the game NEVER worked for me I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND you buy this game for at least 6 mouths to a year
76561198286750628,Recommended,324310,21615046,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,michellemcgrone,WONT LOAD UHHHHHHHH
76561198040438650,Not Recommended,324310,21862132,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,a.pool,stupid game wont even play it says select company name but nothing happens. ive tried restarting it and everything
76561198053936643,Not Recommended,324310,21625352,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ekibitt,"Multiplayer is boring and lonely, you can't see each other in multiplayer, so it is singleplayer all the way... this game is so bad and amateur for a 2016 game... it feels cheap and feels like a game back in 2005, even the graphics ....﻿ the driving physics feels so unrealistic.. I don't recommend this game at all.. I am really really gutted!"
,Not Recommended,324310,21625720,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Oxbowzz,Met The Minnimum Specs But Still lagged to♥♥♥♥♥♥(getting A New PC Soon But Try not to run it on a Pice of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198120863689,Not Recommended,324310,21648494,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,damobeast,please may i get a refund because this game is extremely laggy and not one bit fun to play and it is not may computer that is sure thank you
,Recommended,324310,23923047,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MaTa,"Previously, I had voted negatively this game as it didn't include a mouse steering option. Now, it is included and there is no reason to keep my negative vote. It is a good game. Unluckly, with a GTX660 my fps are lower than expected (22 to 27), but I am a strange person, so it is enough for me :D:"
76561198255854353,Not Recommended,324310,21723759,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,shane.geurts,This game is very poor and pathetic compared to bus simulator 12
76561198162509161,Not Recommended,324310,24878635,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Zander,ok
,Recommended,324310,22959064,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Blasterjo,This game is really fun but make sure u have the right kind of sofware for it and by that i mean u need a certain amount of ram and some oehter stuff so make sure fo it
76561198148314395,Not Recommended,324310,22616548,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kenny,i keep getting kicked
76561198295391010,Not Recommended,324310,23402425,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,tempestblizzard82,it screwed over my PC
,Not Recommended,324310,24889645,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SJGrimester15,Does not work lags as well!!
,Not Recommended,324310,35264013,Posted: 28 September,all,Ta4dar,Don't buy this
,Not Recommended,324310,28322565,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Aron,This game is slow. If you don't have a gaming computer do NOT buy this game
76561197971692751,Not Recommended,324310,21602441,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Delle(DK),"can I recommend this Bus simulator, well YES and NO.And let me start by saying that if you consider buying this or some other bus simulator then I would highly recommend you to buy bus and cable car simulator instead..Well let me review Bus simulator 16 first, it is actual quite good and have allot of good things to offer for a low price.First of all the graphics are not 2016 std. and look a bit old, though it do not matter that much since where are here to drive a bus right ? ;-)Well the city itself is create well and there is a mix of both ordinary recidential and more dence areas with sky scrapers and conventions centers, and that make it interesting to driver from a-z.The streets are filled with cars and pedestrians and sometimes even emergency vehicles that you need to let pass.It also happen that cars drive out in front of you or pedestrians almost walk on the street in front of you, so you need to keep your eyes open. Well I like these small events now and then it make the game interesting.One other things that make the game interesting is the ability to exit your seat and walk arround in the world and solve small problems. For example a drunk guy enters the bus so you have to get up and ask him to leave.And one in a while you also have to help handicapped people in/out of the bus by exit the bus and extending the ramp ;-)The all new ""run a bus business"" feature is nice, and you can even compare how well you are doing to other players though some have kind of unrealistic billion usd scores.Anyway you can also invite your friends to come and drive a trip in your bus and follow one of your routes that you create and it is kind of nice i think.It is also possible to paint your car and stick commercials on it to earn a little more, though It not really where that important to me.Well the bus driving experience is kind of okay. The feeling of sitting in the seat and driving I would say is realistic and the bus feel big ect. And you can also press various keys and sell tickets ect.The bus is also well made and in general give a good impression.However the controls of the game are not that facinating.First of all the game do not yet support Trackir ( the dev. wrote on the forum that they consider implementing it ).So many people are now forced to use the mouse to look arround or setup X and Y key on their wheel to look left and right. No matter what it is not the same as trackir and free look with the mouse. ALso I really miss the ability to look 90 degrees left and right in the bus since it is hard to see the trafic when at a T crossing and only can look 75-80 degrees left and right.Well all in all I think price level is good fair price for the product. The game is not bad, and have many nice features ( like you can hear small talk in the bus, such as boss i cant go to work today ).Also the get in and get out of the bus by passengers work pretty good, and you often fill your bus pretty good with passengers.I also like that sometimes there are events such as holliday where there are tons of passengers waiting for a ride.The game it self work in such a way you unlock features by driving from a-b.. in about 3 hour of gameplay I am level 10-11 and have unlocked the biggest bus in the game and half of the map.To unlock more I need to play the game and get xp, but I can also solve some goals ( such as having 2 bus stops in each unlocked zone ect ).All in all not a bad game but it do feel a bit like an arcade bus simulator, so I really prefer the older game named ""Bus and cablecar simulator"" since the busses are a little more realistisc, and the game experience is just a bit more fun and realistic."
76561198069993411,Not Recommended,324310,21614739,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Furrytime,This game doesnt run for me.I run American truck sim at like 30 and 50 fps.But this game runs at 15 to 18 at lowest settings.It crashed 2 times and took a long time two load.I am a big fan of omsi2 and that runs way better than this.
,Not Recommended,324310,21584443,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Aquarius,Laggs fix that♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,324310,21627181,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DaCookieCruncher,It is DEFINITELY no.It is way too cartoonish and is very laggy.
76561198352698130,Recommended,324310,31606655,Posted: 7 May,all,✪ P H A N T O M,good game
,Recommended,324310,21894631,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Tidreit,The game is good.
,Recommended,324310,27566664,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MrSmith9,"got this game, That good game and no problem. No one play on this games and how i can connect people play on this game. :)"
76561198282001706,Not Recommended,324310,22707010,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,EP_TRAVELER,this game sucks and is horrible
,Not Recommended,324310,21662783,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,qwertytrains,The game will not load and  I spent my money on it as well
,Not Recommended,324310,21704073,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Top Bloke Gman,Intense slow loading and crashing. Instant refund.
76561198129717088,Not Recommended,324310,32262243,Posted: 7 June,all,BoomBoom,it lags alot DO NOT BUY ITS A WASTE OF MONY
,Not Recommended,324310,29295841,Posted: 16 January,all,matthewwetherson,This game is a piece of crap. It is So laggy on my computer. It wouldn't load and its just stops working when im in the game. I want my money back the whole $25.00. Because of this game not would. Dont buy this game it is a PIECE OF CRAP.
,Not Recommended,324310,21662877,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,[CB]Maxzx™_(Y.C.L),IT TOO LAG!!!!!!
76561198174363978,Not Recommended,324310,22727936,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,steveyss,I am able to play on my computer and that an update has come I can not play this game so I wanted a solution for my money is gone because I have this game only two days a little longer but I can this game no longer play
76561198126565708,Not Recommended,324310,21662267,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,takitam,"Game crashes all the time, dramatic performance on my Mac,  waiting for refund!"
76561198290347132,Not Recommended,324310,21659029,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,cayers530,"I just paid 22 dollars to watch a loading screen for an hour, then to spend another hour trying to get in the bus then waisting ten mins with the god awful controls.. DONT BUY"
76561198366581670,Not Recommended,324310,35161978,Posted: 23 September,all,daniel.g.payne10,PIECE OF RUBBISH.
,Not Recommended,324310,26752735,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[JBL-CEO] JamieBally,Very poor FPS. Do not buy
76561198130806756,Not Recommended,324310,21593325,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,saulramos91,Game is Trash
76561198400805294,Recommended,324310,32834676,Posted: 26 June,all,stevenjkapsalis,This game won't start can I please have a refund?
76561198067888661,Not Recommended,324310,21673318,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,"Poorly optimized.Have played for about 7 hours and to say its frustrating would be an understatement. The game sets you up to fail if you build your company in the way they want you to.Also the route planning is just awful. Doesnt allow you to pick what side of the road you want to stop at, leading to crazy routes.Addicting for about 4 hours, then it just gets dull and non challenging."
,Not Recommended,324310,30657689,Posted: 21 March,all,FIFIKURWA123,THERE ARE BAD STEARING
,Not Recommended,324310,29021601,Posted: 4 January,all,Dat way357,sucky driveing ur gonna hit everything
,Not Recommended,324310,31499965,Posted: 1 May,all,James_84,This game suck's don't buy it!!
76561198015336504,Not Recommended,324310,21582328,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,yjwoo,I think the game is for childern like 5-10. OMSI is much better than this one. I have already sent refund request to Steam
,Recommended,324310,21793447,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TszwingChing,"the game is good , but there is some performance issues that need to be fixed ,looking for the next fix and update."
76561198022246785,Recommended,324310,21799587,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Noubio,"Easy to learn, easy to drive.It needs a lot of things - more vehicules, options, mangement options -  but it's a really good begining.Try it !"
76561198090692772,Recommended,324310,21778332,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Zack E. CIV-66 | F-648,"Since the patch on March 10th, the game optimization has become much better, and will run smoothly on high end computers. I have yet to try this on a laptop, so I can't give details there. If you are looking for a decent bus simulator, and don't want OMSI, this is a good game, if you have the right computer for it. I run at 60fps, while I used to run at around 15 before the patch, recommend."
,Recommended,324310,21633143,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,jack,i get in to the game and i can not make a save it just gives me the settings and the mods to click on and no option to make a company
76561198180141550,Recommended,324310,21717361,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,benjaminhylands95,The game just takes way to long to load then it comes up with tutorial and i click yes and it freezes and says its not responing its done this a good 3-4 timeswaste of money so far if you fix this i may write a better review
,Recommended,324310,21745986,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lukeo,"If you want a bus simulator that runs fairly well (admittedly not great and it could be improved; I have my settings on 'low' now and it works fine whilst still looking better visually than OMSI 2 does, in some ways) and is easier to use and quicker to set up than OMSI 2, then this is the one for you! It comes in at a fairly reasonable price, and it's great fun being able to operate your own business. If you can't decide whether to buy or not, I'd recommend checking out gameplay videos on YouTube."
76561198272549665,Recommended,324310,25138361,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The-amazing-amin,i bought this game and why it asked me that  ihave to buy again?
76561197992997222,Recommended,324310,22284059,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,[TFB] Light_Amethyst,"I've played this game for a while now and I have to say that I enjoy playing it. This game creates a good atmosphere for a bus simulator and I feel some sense of acomplishment everytime I successfully finish a run. If you're looking for a relaxing game while actually stimulating your brain at the same time, then you should give this one a try."
,Recommended,324310,22288800,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Albert Einstein,"I recommend this game if you love simulator games. I hated the other Bus Simulator games, but this is the best and most realistic one!Go ahead, buy it! :)"
76561198184996083,Recommended,324310,22336026,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Ashes (trade knife),Good game-U cant see others in Multiplayer+U create u own track or rute for busses+U can modify the buss u ownI realy like game i hope soon get an update for new district or busses for free
76561198250940954,Recommended,324310,22295816,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Cultist,It's awsome but the loading screen take a lot
76561198019198267,Recommended,324310,22069814,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,LawzoL,"Okay, this is fun...... < Full stops being the point.Pro's: Somehow this can hook you for hours in the beginning, hell, I have already put in 4+ hours developing my ikkle bus business.Cons: Extremely, and I cannot stress this enough....EXTREMELY badly optimised!!!!My rig runs GTAV and a few other modern titles in 'Ultra' settings. This however has to be set in the lowest possible setting allowed which makes the already terrible graphics pretty damned awful and there is no excuse in this day of age.That being said, as per the pro, it's pretty addictive and I havent found any bugs but definitely not worth more than £4.99 on the next Steam sale due to that lazy game engine and terrible optimisation or blatant lack of.Some negative reviews state that the handling is very floaty...........it's a ducking bus simulator ffs! Of course the b*stard is going to be floaty, it's not need for speed......the title kinda gives it away with the key word before simulator: 'Bus!'In my opinion, the handling is actually very Bus like from what I see in my town. Just use a wide swing angle for tight corners and bobs your bus driving bus bus.Definitely a thumbs up from me, but I thumb up anything over 5/10.Graphics ""optimisation"": 0/10Business model: 7/10The actual driving and hilarious AI conversations at times: 9/10Price for it in this state: 2/10 (£18.99)Recommended price: £4.99 MaxBusssss!Addition following a PM:My rig: AMD 8 core @ 4 ghz (Equiv to low end I7). RAM: 8gb on 64 BIT W7 Pro (This game eats RAM like a starving animal for no reason). Graphics: AMD HD 7890 4gb RAM.Runs GTAV and ARMA3 in max settings, so this game has no excuse. Only reason I am keeping thumbs up is due to the fun business model and I will continue playing, but I think a majority of the 'sparkling' reviews on here are heavily influenced by friends of the devs if not the devs themselves!People! This is not worth more than a fiver in its current state!"
76561198249979042,Recommended,324310,21981187,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,fartyg8482,This game is a great game that simulates many real daily situations that could acure very often. i highly recomend this game to anybody that like buses! :)
,Not Recommended,324310,21969003,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SlendyGirlBrii,i mean its ok but not for me
76561198027327352,Recommended,324310,21959075,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Hedgehog,It's a bus sim... that pretty much sums it up.
,Recommended,324310,21950265,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Eggly Channel,It rate this game a thumbs up because i love it but it takes so long to load thats the only thing that i dont like about it it anyone can help me with that problem please help
76561198123071335,Recommended,324310,21729917,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,troyrobinson08.tr,not play
,Not Recommended,324310,21650175,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AdrizzPlays,"This is a bad game, where you can learn the daily routine of a bus driver and become one! But...However, I would like StillAlive Studios to make their graphics better. with that I mean the town, bushes, people's waiting and walking animation. In a nutshell, the graphics makers for this game should quit and and work as a trash collector"
,Not Recommended,324310,22012933,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,James,"Great game overall but they could have made it so we could see other players on multiplayer driving buses, Also would be great if you could just free roam with buses and the game is missing a lot of features which would make it prfect. Game was released too early as a full game, it should of had so many more features. Some early access games even have more contentI rate the game 4/ 10"
76561198205619689,Not Recommended,324310,24311144,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Like a dab,The game is ok but not the best bus simulator for 2016
76561198171488954,Not Recommended,324310,25825627,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,xXKillerViperXx,Well could be better!
,Not Recommended,324310,25900934,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[RN] Techie [Owner],Did not work at all for me i reset all the keys to see if that wood work nope just bad for me might work for you
76561198157469030,Recommended,324310,27565859,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LookOver12,In my view Bus simuator 2016 is GOOD. I love playing it bus i was hopeing that there would be some type of 'Free Mode' in the game...
76561198088461070,Recommended,324310,23734987,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kruziikluh,Definately one of the best simulator games I've played. Theres no lag with great graphics and there's so many small features that really make the game worth it.
76561198289862614,Recommended,324310,23689614,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Prince 4851,Please can someone help me how to stop the Bus Driver by walking by himself (once he comes out of the bus) and also while I am playing the game in the map it dosen't show the blue line how would I know where to go.
,Not Recommended,324310,24090763,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,nickvdbroek97,"This game is not worth the money.  Only little variation in surroundings. The fact that the buses are customizable is nice, although the customization includes only basic shapes and colours (so its not like actual logos can be implemented). Other than that it is nice that you can run your own company."
76561198034463338,Not Recommended,324310,24006269,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,dragon_mater77,needs to much work
,Recommended,324310,23492762,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,rsdworker,i loved this bus sim - its was much better than othersfor example you can deal with issues  and suchHowever there is needing more features and thingsi say 8/10 for this its worth a try
76561198110826582,Recommended,324310,23471125,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,AlessandroGamer27,"This game is great and is the best bus simulator i have ever tried. I think that this simulator would be better if the map was bigger and maybe had an airport or something like that as i have copleted all the challenges and have unlocked all of the maps as well as having the most amount of drivers avalibe. Double decker buses would aso be great in the game. I really reccommend this as the graphics are really good and is fun with many settings to make you're bus ""yours"" and This simulator is really realistic."
,Recommended,324310,23440214,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TheExplodingGiraffeYT,Really great it was like i was REALLY driving a bus good for the money!
76561198075157549,Not Recommended,324310,21992717,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Peter Parker's Navel,"Long load Times, keeps crashing on my laptop and I haven't even been able to play it. Waste of thirty dollars, more worth five dollars."
76561198188437070,Not Recommended,324310,22322523,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jesse Omara,The Framerate for this game is atrocious and it was a waste of £18.99. It's so bad that I've requested for a refund. I've only played 54 minutes of this game. No matter how low your Graphics settings are the Framerate won't change. Very dissapointing.
76561197977619350,Not Recommended,324310,22351249,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Wispy,"As of March 9, 2016 the game feels very unpolished. More like an early pre-alpha build. Driving physics are terrible. No Track-IR support as of yet. For the price the game is definetly not worth it. Give it year more to develop and a huge discounted price and maybe then."
,Not Recommended,324310,29544721,Posted: 28 January,all,Axillent #FIXCSGO,"It started out ok... but I can't recommend this because of too many issues with it;- I have done everything that is needed to unlock next district but the game wont recognize that I've done that so I can't progress.- Driving with keyboard feels unnatural and aquard.- Too repetative without ANY changes at all - no matter what. Where is the different types of weather? It is always sunny... Where is the different times of the day? Always driving in daylight... Where is the different types of passangers?- When looking around with the mouse You will need a third hand to be able to steer, blink, change speed and move the mouse... NOT OK! At least there should be an automatic ""go back to default view"" after You are done looking around.Sorry - great idea but not enough in deliverance."
76561198265349386,Recommended,324310,29554296,Posted: 28 January,all,yww,i totally like the features & details of the game and busses very interactive as well .tml should continue expandingnthe game interms of buses or maps/city areas like euro truck simulator 2 as i would totally support that & buy it as i like the game
,Recommended,324310,29293960,Posted: 16 January,all,Zeta_Pictoris,"I would recommend this game to friends. There is a few things the devs could do to improve this, but overall it is a good game."
,Recommended,324310,29511661,Posted: 26 January,all,Parnell,A great game but I wnder if it's possible to make more fun by :1 : More buses models : Hey I want some Volvo buses....2 : More bus stops for routing?.... I think now the bus stops are too less and a bit far between themselves...3 : Timetable system : So we could have a more realistic environment?....Anyway it is a really great thing....
,Not Recommended,324310,21591325,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,JarFull,"Bad simulation, needs fixing"
76561198322673418,Not Recommended,324310,28795916,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ianfdbrown,game will not load. goes into loading screen and freezes 1/4 of the way through loading. tryed downloading the performance version and it still does the same thing. seams like i was my money on a game that does not work
76561198002623890,Recommended,324310,29829548,Posted: 10 February,all,Neogranadino,"♠♠♠♠♠I know, graphics in these game are not the best, for sure. But you know what? I would definitely recommend it. If you like to drive around as civilized as you can and enjoy simulators, this will be a great game for you.I'm specially happy because I told the developers about deadzone problems in the Logitech G920 steering wheel, a couple of days afterwards they replied and now we got it fixed. That's how support from developers should be!!Kudos guys and keep on improving the game!!!"
76561197960396704,Recommended,324310,31062599,Posted: 10 April,all,HarryB^,"This game is fantastic, gives a good feeling of city bus. Many to choose, some you have to unlock as you progress, and some you have to buy the DLC, which is alright.Just one thing they should really do is have lines where the cars stop at red lights like in certain places in the world. Especially in nyc. For a bus to turn left or right there has to be some clearence so the bus can make a wide turn without hitting a car that stopped.  Some of these streets are very narrow which is fine but there should be some clearence. Thats just my opinion.Forget the graphics, this game on good graphics looks like toy story the movie. Its not a big game not too demanding. But I have everything turned down and it runs great."
,Not Recommended,324310,21652113,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,THX™,"The game is too simple, most of the things  are good but like it gets boring after you've done everything... The buses are not that great... It's just a simple game but well..."
,Recommended,324310,22242022,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Zappyjro,"Did leave a negative review before because I couldnt open it, however I fixed this with some help from people in the comments and the game was great, sorry for the review before"
76561198120847456,Recommended,324310,31563370,Posted: 5 May,all,MRMOJO,Amazing just Amazing keep it up astragon and stillalive studios amazing one again!!
,Recommended,324310,31550517,Posted: 4 May,all,ixvst01,"We haven't had a good Bus Simulator in years. This is by far the best one. Love the map. I wish they would add different cities, but you'll still be busy for a while on the current map. The DLC is definitely essential to the game. Would recommend if you're getting into Bus Sims"
,Recommended,324310,31710496,Posted: 12 May,all,Sen,"What can i say... well the title says it all, i think this game is good for what it is."
76561198295123503,Recommended,324310,31893251,Posted: 21 May,all,kingkong,"This is a simplified version of OMSI 2, and a less laggy version of it."
,Recommended,324310,22569668,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Sp33dy bear,The 24th update looks good all they need is a park and ride center to do routes from
76561198348535088,Recommended,324310,32082441,Posted: 31 May,all,Happyspy,btw the man A44 L is very hard nearly impossible to drive without hitting the kerb
,Recommended,324310,32020302,Posted: 28 May,all,Mrgus91,Great game. The only problem I have is that they should have an option to upgrade to gold edition for people that bought the game beforehand.
76561198065133771,Recommended,324310,32393871,Posted: 13 June,all,I Live!,Overall is good.If have some of 80's or 90's bus model will be better.
,Recommended,324310,32677487,Posted: 23 June,all,EmpireKicking,"Its surprisingly stable after the Dec 2016 performance patch, and does what it says on the box. Much of the earlier gripes about the AI has been adressed and improved substantially since release. Developers have paid attention and have improved this game since release. Its user friendly, has an easy to understand English interface, and has strategy elements that make it more compelling than, say OMSI. The driving right now is very good, but not great. Overall GREAT FUN."
,Recommended,324310,32776101,Posted: 25 June,all,cherubi19,Originally the game was super laggy for me and crashed frequently but since downloading again it's been a little laggy but playable. Customising bus shows a blank screen and sometimes going into the options crashes the game. The gameplay is good.
,Not Recommended,324310,33578555,Posted: 16 July,all,JoelKirk06,Had over a day playtime but now i cant start a mission I advise you do not buy this game
76561198289389728,Not Recommended,324310,33396397,Posted: 9 July,all,dayvonkirkland,you wont understand exactly how to do everything because it doesnt explain properly
76561198391602324,Not Recommended,324310,33918135,Posted: 30 July,all,MrFunkyman12,Not worth it
76561198052389172,Not Recommended,324310,34516021,Posted: 26 August,all,NovaGaming767,"This game is horrible, Do not buy this as it isn't as good as bus simulator 12...."
76561198401202876,Recommended,324310,34598938,Posted: 29 August,all,pjpleasant90,"make more stops make more mods,for controller in cab stay stilll not moving side to side"
76561198096097375,Recommended,324310,34590497,Posted: 29 August,all,daafies,for 14.99 its not that bad.
76561198142174983,Recommended,324310,28281413,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Doggybarkeypaw,This game Is acctuly a really good game. But the minimums are the BARE Minimuns. you have to have all the requierments BUT ITS A REALLY GOOD GAME!!!
,Recommended,324310,34283772,Posted: 16 August,all,juhos3000,"Basically. Great game. Relaxing. Poorly optimized, dont focus on that.EDIT: I totally suggest to put on performance branch"
,Not Recommended,324310,21632428,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bogor Represent!,"This used to be a positive review, but after my latest try I've decided that my patience has ran it's course and so I don't recommend this game anymore, unless they start giving it away for free.The story:Last year this game was released and, bar a few inconsistencies, it ran fine. The dvs pushed some updates that totally tanked the game's performance. Eventually they opened a beta-branch that would feature optimization builds. That made things worse and they had to roll back their updates.Since then: zilch, but you can waste money on new busses.This game still runs as bad as ever and you shouldn't pay for it. Even though competitors like OMSI2 and Fernbus have their own pecularieties, extremely low framrates isn't one of them. For sheer playability and superior performance over this title, get Fernbus instead.On my system:Asus Z170M+I7 6700K@4.0032GB Corsair Vengeance DDR4@2400GTX 1080 FEBussim16's performance is just utterly unforgivable. I should be limiting FPS to 60 instead of wishing I had 10FPS. So yeah.Upside: I get to reclaim som HDD space. Always good for something, like expanding my overwatch-porn folder."
76561198155014123,Not Recommended,324310,35287155,Posted: 29 September,all,Commader Ross,All i have to say is wow i have a decent pc i7 4790 gtx 960 not the best but works good and i just wonder how a game can run so poorly with 1999 graphics id like the idea of this game but the game it self is not good steering is aweful graphics and 3/10 glad i only played 21 mins refund requested and returned
76561197994045792,Recommended,324310,35164448,Posted: 23 September,all,FID,"well its not as hard as other bus sims i have played and its no next gen graphics, but chuck a logitech DFGT at it and add some DLC etc and its great fun"
,Not Recommended,324310,35394870,Posted: 1 October,all,munromartin9,not happy each time i go to play this game it goes all wierd not reccomended
76561198206217165,Recommended,324310,35489683,Posted: 5 October,all,fdkz- TRADEIT.GG,Best for Time Killing
