user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197991180872,Recommended,324510,18877846,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,S1nisterPlot,"I invested relatively early in the development of Boundless (then called Oort Online) because I was impressed with the development team. As a developer myself, I understand that it takes quite a lot of vision, planning and strict quality control to create a game like this. I saw a high level of creativity (and consistency) along with a real dedication to quality and transparency in the game's forum. That was impressive and I knew this team could create something unique.At the moment, the game itself is a ton of fun if you enjoy exploration and building. There's not currently a lot of the more advanced game play features like economy, farming, trade progression, etc. but I've learned a lot about what the team has planned for the near future and it looks very promising.The latest big update included a much improved user experience, player models, expanded crafting, tool models, lighting fixes, expanded weather, etc. The game was already very beautiful and has only become more so.With the recent announcement of support by Sony to make Boundless a PC and Playstation-only game, I'm excited to see where this team takes the game."
,Not Recommended,324510,13247221,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Scythe Plays,"So after a few comments on my old review kept saying ""this review is old and most of these features are out of date"" I decided to take another look at Boundless. In short, my ""old"" review was still completely revelent besides 2 or 3 additions.► WHAT'S NEW?● GRAPHICS: Just before I quit playing Oort Online (Boundless' old title), the game had a texture swap that made it look a lot sharper at the cost of performance. It doesn't seem like they did anything for optimization from then to now which sucks because the already small community got a lot smaller when half of them couldn't run the game anymore.● SERVERS: Still laggy and have you teleport around a lot. Careful not to fall off your build.● COMMUNITY: Dead. This game has completely lost relevancy. Try looking up Boundless on YouTube.● CRAFTING: Last time I played, the basic crafting system was being implemented. It wasn't bad, but when they put it in you went from spawning with a ton of blocks to spawning with nothing and having to craft your blocks. No change from then to now besides the menu looking better.● COMBAT: ""Enemy"" creatures are new to me. You can fight them, but you just walk up to them and spam click until they die. They don't drop anything either, they only seem to increase the chances of being killed and losing all your blocks.● MOVEMENT: Running around is still the same.. sticky. Mostly because of lag. I'm really surprised how hard the Grappling Hook was nerfed though. You used to be able to hang from a block and shoot another rope WHILE hanging, but now your character simply let's go and starts falling with a short delay before you can shoot another rope.● RACES: I remember when ""different playable races and perks"" was all the devs talked about when I stopped playing. It was the next big feature they were working on and they even showed 3 different characters in a video that each played differently.Like most indie games, these characters never saw the light of day. You can pick how you character looks now, but that's it.● BUILDING: No improvements here. Building is worse then when I played because getting around takes longer (due to the nerfed grappling hook) and you have to craft all your blocks (you don't spawn with any).Oort Online might be called Boundless now, but I still can't recommend it. Devs seemed to take all the money they earned so they could release the game on PS4. Maybe their publisher will push them to make a decent game.I don't like putting out negative reviews, but really.. play SkySaga, Trove or Minecraft instead."
,Recommended,324510,32646918,Posted: 22 June,all,₳₭Ꮢa,"For the first 10 minutes of my journey, Boundless was a pretty good upgrade to Minecraft. Then, as I was learning about plots and fantasizing about one day owning enough to encompass an entire planet, someone approached me. That alone broke any remaining ties to other sandbox games that thrive on you being alone with your thoughts and feeding off your creativity to do things you could do in any other game. *someone approached me* and asked how I was doing? What a crazy concept, that people just walk around and ask how you are in this game. He must be bored :/. The fellow mentions that he owns a nearby shop, and that if I needed anything, which I probably would, that I should spend my arbitrary currency there, and invited me to follow him to see it.That's all it took. Seeing a shop run by a player, and seeing that player journey out into the world to find clientele in a fairly philanthropic manner told me everything I needed to know about how in depth this game would be. The first week was full of exciting discoveries: massive player-built cities, incredibly diverse terrain and cave systems with mining that actually rewarded you appropriately. The second week was full of ambitious ventures that didn't QUITE work out, but still fueled my desire to achieve more. The weeks since have been an endless journey of learning and scientifically testing theories and ultimately creating a multi-planet trading company based in a huge market with mining base camps spread throughout the stars.There is simply no limit to what you can achieve in Boundless. This game offers something for every kind of player, and every kind of player who doesn't think they fall in to any category for ""kinds of players"". The community is full of rich characters and supportive groups of people that want nothing more than to help you on your journey. The developers are just as friendly, and always patient. The content is endless, the gameplay is always fun, andwell basically, there is no reason not to buy this game. It is hands down the best sandbox game on the market, and if you want something to crush your jaded cynicism about early access games, developer forums, and sandbox communities, this is the one. Hope to meet you in-game, fellow Oortlings :)"
,Not Recommended,324510,26484264,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Asvarduil,"Once upon a time, I reviewed Boundless shortly after its name had changed from Oort Online.  I gave it a thumbs down, with the side note that I bought in because I believed in it, and it had serious potential.  It's been about a year, now.  New games have come and gone.  Boundless has been under development by its dev team.  So, how does it hold up?Before I get to my usual ""What Works?"", ""What Doesn't Work?"" and the ""TL;DR"", first, Boundless is a MMO-Block-Buildy game.  It's sort of like Minecraft, only on one centralized server, presumably witha lotof people running around also doing stuff.  Put differently, Boundless is a very pretty, more authoritative Minecraft clone where you are a giant teddy bear using naturalistic technology possibly stolen from the Na'vi.  No, I'm not making that up, either.What WorksFirst, I noticed some RPG mechanics for mining, building, fighting monsters, and some other stuff.  This is a good thing to add, because it makes the first couple of hours of gameplay more interesting (and, this game's first few hours need more interesting gameplay, but we'll get to that.)  They weren't there two years ago, and I feel like you can 'skill up' quickly enough for it to be fun, even if the results just aren't that awesome (usually you do a thing faster.)Next, the menu-driven crafting system is much improved from where it was in 2015, and I like the direction it's headed.  As you construct things in the game world, certain combinations let you interact to begin crafting.  Instead of needing to arrange certain items in a grid, you just choose what you want from a menu.  Simplicity itself, I really like this.  I feel like, as someone who's put the game down and taken an extended break, that certain items like the fire pit/furnace combination could be spelled out a little more explicitly for players, but ultimately, the crafting system is good.The game is also very well-optimized in this early state of its development.  I'm running the game on a HP 500-217c with factory hardware (in other words, an aging system), and its defaults hold a consistent framerate well.  It's always a good sign when a game is reasonably well-optimized.What Doesn't WorkFirst, and most frustrating, the controls.  For some reason when I turn my character with my mouse, if I turn too quickly, my character snaps back to where the game thinks I should be pointing; turning with arrow keys turns the character at a slower rate, but requires me to take my hand off of the mouse.  It is possible to turn normally if you look upwards or downwards far enough, which is clunky and error prone, and frankly just plain wrong.This is horribly, horribly irritating, and this alone would be a big enough issue for me to thumbs down the game, except that there are other problems.Basic actions, like turning your character, should not be broken two+ years into a title.Your game should not be fighting me when I want to do something,ever.  I recommend that the developers revisit the basic controls and fix them.Second, game pacing.  This game starts off lethargically slow, to the point of boring me halfway to sleep.  Finding wood, whacking wood with a totem (heh), and crafting a basic workbench is OK, and comparable to other works in the block-buildy genre.  Figuring out where to place the workbench relative to a base beacon is exceptoinally irritating; some nearby blocks work, others don't.  There's no indication - have fun guessing!  ...That's an unrelated problem however.  It's something else worth fixing.When youdofigure out where to place a workbench, and start getting stone, you get ground to a halt by the crafting process itself - it takes about 2:30 to make a single stone tool, at Crafting Lv.1.This is way too long.In MineCraft, if I have sticks and stones, I have a stone tool.  To cook meat to restore your HP?  2:30.  While I get that the developers may want to control the pacing for technical or game design reasons, your early game cannot afford to have such horrible pacing.  For what its worth, because the game is more interesting I lasted more than the two hours I lasted back in 2015, but I was experiencing serious anti-fun while doing it.It was at this point that I really stopped this particular play session.  There's been a lot more added to the game, but when the game is fighting you at every opportunity - not a figure of speech - there comes a point where continuing is more painful than stopping.  Because this review is intended to help the developers build a better product, I'm considering recording a YouTube video of my experiences to help with getting this game up to snuff.The TL;DRNo, not recommended.This game has awesome ideas, beautiful visuals,and experience-breaking issues that need to be resolved.While I give this game a downvote, I want to re-iterate something I said at the coda of my previous review: this is a game where, problems aside, one can easily see that the developers are putting blood, sweat, and tears into this work.  The craftsmanship of the bits that aren't messed up is exquisite.  I can't justify telling anyone to drop $34.99 USD on this game, but I don't regret my purchase, as this game is much closer to being an awesome experience than it was two years ago.I encourage anyone who owns this game to reinstall, and give the dev team notes on what you're seeing.  It seems like the developers took my previous review, really read it, and tried to make the game better.  They didn't argue - they really want this game to be enjoyable.  Tell them what's wrong with it, they need to know, so that you can justify your purchase."
76561198053734544,Recommended,324510,13795114,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,∆YOUNG KING SALT ∆,"One of the biggest concerns I see is that people think this is a minecraft clone. What no one really gets is that voxel building games have morphed into their own category of game. This game is similar to minecraft in that there are blocks, and you mine / craft / build with those blocks. That's about where the similarity ends. Legitimately great games like this one get canned all the time just because they're voxel games, and I for one hope this one makes it through. Minecraft was a great game, but it also had it's flaws. This game fixes a lot of the complaints I had about minecraft, and then goes on to implement some amazing and promising systems.The movement in this game is stellar, and that coupled with the amazing ambient sounds and whooshing that you get when you move fast makesan immersive feel that is pretty awesome. The smoothness of flying through the air on a grapling hook is amazing. The customizability of the terrain is another great feature of this game. There's a lot more options for great landscapes than there were in minecraft's procedurally generated stuff. Overall oort is already a better game than minecraft and deserves to reach fruition.This game has a strong group of devs working very hard and pushing out new updates rapidly (and it looks completely gorgeous). That, more than anything else, is why i chose to buy this game in early access. There's a really nice feel to the game right now, and the community is great, mostly because of how responsive and interactive the devs are. That is why i feel this game will be here to stay, and will reach it's final form (which will be glorious). Buying in now will give you the opportunity to help sculpt this game into something amazing (even better than it already is)!"
76561198129925935,Recommended,324510,32180778,Posted: 4 June,all,oAnna,"I am always skeptical about Early Access games and am very wary of spending my money on a game in general. I fell in love with Boundless pretty much as soon as the game loaded and begun playing. It's very fun, the community is very helpful, and it does not feel like an Early Access game to me at all. I love how creative I can get with my builds from the different stones, colors, shapes, etc. The different creatures are cute and fascinating. I'm learning many new things about the game every day that I play it. I have no regrets buying this game and only wish that I had more time to play it- if only I didn't need a job or sleep! :)"
,Recommended,324510,23370909,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,PookieNumnums,"Its been almost a year since i wrote this review so im updating it, partially because so much has changed and partially because there is a forums badge i can earn :D My original review was posted 6/6/2016, it is 3/28/2017 as of this edit.To start:The game has come a long way over the last year. They converted it from java to c++, it has undergone two or three texture reworks, sound rework, creature reworks, ui reworks, performance changes, resource distribution reworks, and so on.They added inverted slopes and the cave systems are a lot more interesting and explorable. There is no longer two creatures with two models. There are Four creatures types, some with a few differeing models some with differing skins depending on tier/type.When I started there were like 40 planets you could travel to at will. Now there are 12 planets that seem to exist within the same universe. Traveling between them may require you to pick a point on a planet in the sky then build a warp to it, or finding a portal that has been created by players.Originally there were no portals. Just menu > select planet > done. Now, players can build warps (single transfer) or portals (duration based planetary access points) and maintain them as working junctions. You can see what is happening on the other planet through the portal in real time.When i started you could only craft (from what i remember) crafting tables and maybe the work bench. Now we have several machines which are used to produce different types of blocks/tools.In the near future, we will see the first implementation of an official 'Race' as well as a long awaited skill tree.There arent really any quests as there are no npcs but there are 'objectives' that you can complete such as kill x amount of x creature, or build x machine.You start the game with a beacon, a block that gives you a protected ownership of a plot of blocks. As you mine, build, craft etc. you gain xp, and each level awards you an amount of coin and plots to add to your beacon. Coin can be spent traveling from world to world through your own warps, or used to trade with players. Oh that reminds me, trading wasnt in game for the longest time. There is also a friend system, and you can warp to your friends locations to meet up with them if you're in different locations by selecting their location from the warp ui.There is still quite a bit of balancing to be done and content to be created, but considering the small group of developers working on it the pacing is pretty good. They are devoted people who keep the community informed with weekly developer updates and every week or two some content is added or stuff fixed/tweaked.There is also a considerable community.Im not too familiar with other block based crafting games, but from what i gathered from the few minecraft clips ive seen here or there, they exist on a flat plane that has borders that lead into nothing. In Boundless the worlds are wrapped so that they are basically a round planet and you can run around the planets in any direction fully.There is soon to be a guild system. And in the near future, large settlements with the most activity will earn the title of capital and get special markers for others to see when theyre viewing planets orbiting around them.While the progression hits a stopping point once you hit the end of the crafting roadway (i.e. all machines and such) it boils down to your creatitivity and imagination. Building stuff is pretty much the main focus at this point.I do recommend the game, if you like early access and watching a game grow, Or if you like to build build build (as i do).If youre an impatient player, you may hold off on this one for another 6 months then check back to see what progress has been made."
,Recommended,324510,30582820,Posted: 17 March,all,AnnieGYG (UK),"If you're reading reviews then you've probably seen the similarities to ""a prettier Minecraft with more block choices"" mentioned, if you are a builder, sculptor or artist then this game outweights Minecraft in most aspects, different planets give different coloured resources giving a huge amount of choice, you can build extremely complex scupltures with the chisel tool ( 30nstillgaming is recreating a life size Mount Rushmore with character faces from the game on Twitch). Unlike Minecraft there is no eqivalent of red stone and there's no creative mode (at least not yet, I say this as the devs created their own engine so techinically anythings possible for them with time, funding and manpower), for now you will have to build live, and gather, trade or buy your resources as in any MMO.This game isn't just offering ""be a builder"", although building your city to compete to be displayed on the map & be crowned ""Capital"" of your planet is going to be a part of the game to bring in the independant traders, it's not going to be the only mechanic.  This game is going to be a sandbox MMO where players design the cities and infrastucture, multiple planets with 120 different biomes to explore, these will span across Playstation and PC (some of the planets will be rented servers connected to the main game allowing their renters some control over what happens there). Already announced soon there will be guilds with multiple chapters, boss raids on Titans, RPG elements in the form of skill trees so you can specialise in one skill tree or generalise to be a jack of all trades (Perfect for the Alt-o-holics among us), Farming & capturing animals (Yes I want my intergalactic zoo!).  These are not live in the current version game yet though.Currently we have 12 planets, Land claming, adding friends to your beacons so they can build with you, an extensive crafting system, a huge array of building materials - both mined and crafted blocks, warp conduits for your quick 1 way trips, buying/selling plinths so you can make money, permanent portals between planets that require fuel to stay open, a large array of mobs getting more difficult as you explore the outer ring planets, smart stacking where all types of a similiar resource only take up 1 slot in your bag, grappling hooks for exploring, player created towns and communities on most of the hospitable planets. The content is being released fairly fast - I am reading through old reviews and can't even fathom if they are talking about the same game, so I'd advise reading only reviews dated from Jan 2017 onwards if you want a current review of progress.If you're worried about Early Access games never being released (especially with the time taken with this coming from a browser based game and then having to be completely re-written code wise to evolve properly), this one has the backing of Sony and it was one of the games Sony just showcased at PAX East allowing Playstation players and PC players to explore the Dev world together.Other concerns you might have;There's no griefing, as long as you build within your beacons + plots no-one can touch your stuff, but if you choose to make huge public roads outside of beacons then world regeneration will kick in if no players have visited and the area will revert back to it's natural state. Plots are unlimited and earned by leveling up.  There will also be beacon fuel required to make sure inactive newbie huts are not littering the living, evolving MMO world but this is extremely simple to craft.The devs are extremely interactive on theplayboundless.comforums and consider all your suggestions, respond to bug reports, they can also be seen in game on an almost daily basis checking out reports and testing things. Dev updates are weekly and game updates are coming on average every 10 days.  The Steam forums look dead becasue all the action happens on the main forums.Currently the population is not huge, max I've seen online at one time is around 50 people across the servers so far, but most players are still active in the forums and community Discord awaiting updates even if they are not playing.  It's actually pretty good for getting to grips with the game, (this game currently only holds your hand so far) and having your choice of nice real estate to build on and grab some prime market stall spots near portals - I can't imagine it will stay this way once guilds are implemented so I'm taking advantage of it.Cost wise it may seem more than other similar games, but it's still pre Alpha in the progress of crowfunding - so you are actually buying into a support tier and not just buying the game.So the bottom line then - if you enjoy exploring or building, especially creating your own player made towns and large sculptures then feel free to jump in right now, you will get your moneys worth.  However, If you are looking for an MMO with guilds and titan raids or farming and animals I would honestly wait a bit for more updates.I shoudn't need to repeat that this game is in very, very early access right now and is lacking in core MMO content - the message is all over this page before you click purchase."
76561198092172638,Recommended,324510,22308593,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Gibz_n_Gravy,"@3.5 hrs (will update later)This games execution and design is exceptional.DO NOT let the screenshots fool you (as they did me). This game feels more like a beta than alpha. When you start it for the first time you will be presented with a familiar list of servers but these are also different worlds.This game has an epic exploration aspect because of how amazing and different the worlds are. As well as how beautiful its graphics are.After only 3.5 HRS I had to get the DLC. Because it was obvious that if development continues like this it will be EPIC.@ 40 HOURSLike the screnshots there is grass and tree leaves. It took me a while to realize how it  keeps me from having 8 bit flashbacks.I have spent most of my time building and even knowing they should wipe the server, I will enjoy it anyway. Something about raidng other worlds for rescources is logistic gaming goodness. I have done this many time in many games but when I look up from my work out across the patches of land and  lava. I see the other sky islands with clumps of purple glowing blocks on the undersides and watch a glorious sun/moon rise/set. Just building anything becomes satisfaction enough.Development continues with frequent updates. With the same thought and quality as currently in the game. Which brings me to the games only major problem. So far what we have is well developed. The updates are exciting for what they are and how they show what the game will become. Its problem is that it cannot come fast enough regardless of the time it takes.The funniest thing about this game so far is that OORT was possibly obscure but after playing feels like the right name."
,Recommended,324510,31941261,Posted: 24 May,all,Scratchnwiff,"I don't really know where to begin and if I don't control myself I probably won't know where to end, but I'll do my best:When you see a game trailer buzz words things like open world, sand box, dynamic quests, proceedurally generated whatnots with exploration, crafting, multiplayer, pve/pvp and multiplayer building limited only by your imagination, you get intrigued.Or at least I used to. Before every game used them whether they delivered on them or not.This game is being developed in a market so saturated with the stuff, I stumbled upon it randomly only after sifting through 4 or 5 'Discovery Queues' cuz I was bored.The development team is constantly updating and testing new things (a lot suggested by players in the forums) on their test server while the 'live server' where you usually play is always filled with helpful and friendly people.I was luckier than some out there. I started out in a location that wasn't far from some other people. A couple beaconed off plots were ignored but then there were many others that were either beautiful gigantic castles or cozy homes starting out from scratch. I log in a day or 2 later and see even more people and the buildings even more developed. Real neighbors.I ventured over into the forums and found many other planets with settlements, towns and cities already made by different communities from all over the world. Many invited me, all were friendly and welcoming.Portals. You gotta love them portals. Seamless travel from one planet (server) to the next. Many have made portal networks between cities, linking you to whatever community you want to be a part of.Community. The devs made an amazing system, great art style and graphics and all based on intriguing lore, but you know what really gets to me? The community. It's half the damn game. One player invited me to his build off on another planet. Gave me a tour. A shining castle of beauty it was. All around it? Countryside, some floating islands and rocks, forest.It's been about a month now. Along with new and old players being invited to his place, there is now the beginnings of a city, homes, public baths, monuments, aquaducts directing water all over the city to peoples builds. All this built from nothing but a community discussing ideas.Dungeon crawler? Yeah, they made a huge tear in the city terrain delving deep into the abyss below, filled it with lava and traps/portal and jumping puzzles and now we have a diabolical obstacle course of doom that the community is having loads of fun trying to complete.A true player driven economy. It's not all worked out yet, but there are already cities developed to be markets. Players made these. They make their store fronts, sell their stuff for what price they feel is competitive. I travel to specific planets and cities just to buy from specific stores and window shop others.Early Access right? Bugs and things not working right? Sure sometimes. If you expect to find everything working like minecraft and instantly get bored the minute you see something doesn't, then I invite you to try meeting some of the community in game. I've met people from all around the EU, NA and Oceanic servers and every one of them showed me something new I could do, places to explore and builds to collaborate on.Crafting. I'm not grinding to craft all the tiers of tools and machinery. Personally, I barely have Iron tools and a few machines. I've been too busy having fun and doing stuff with the community. 133 hrs under my belt already. So yes, there's a lot you can do.It's pre alpha, yeah. It's also something that lives up to all the buzzwords mentioned above and reminds you of how you felt when you first heard them and imagined the possibilies."
,Recommended,324510,29177761,Posted: 10 January,all,That1Dude,"Love it!After looking through the current reviews and seeing the price for an Early Access game, I was slightly put off. However, the premise sounded really fun and original, so I decided to do some research and check it out for myself. Liking what I read and saw, I decided to buy and hop in. I'm really glad that I did!""Minecraft clone!""Actually, it's not. The only similarities it has is that it looks like a blocky world. Even that is far from the truth. Players and mobs have their own unique shapes, complete with curves! While the base blocks are squared, you can find different angles in the environment, and you can even shape blocks with the chisel. Tired of stairs for roofs? Use the chisel to carve it into 45 degrees or 15 degrees. Theres also a lot more types of ores and gems.""The community is dead!""Nope! It's just the community isn't active on Steam. If you want to interact with the community and the devs, go to the official forum page. Also, when you log on, it may seem dead, but thats because there are sets of 3 planets per region. Each set has a (community picked) centralized planet that each region has grouped together to build towns and world hubs together.""The reviews said there wasn't any activity for a long time! Are you sure the devs still care?""Oh yea. They care a lot. The ""innactivity"" that people are writing about was during a complete overhaul the dev's build off switching from Java to C++ to grant them more control over the games resources. Unfortunately, the devs didn't make it well known on Steam (which they have apologized for), but the dev diaries and the Boundless Twitter was where they were updating the community. Go skim through the forums, you'll see just how active the devs are.While Boundless is a bit rough at times (expect some more balancing before launch), it's a visually pleasing and very fun MMO. You gain levels, craft more items and machines than you'll know what to do with, and you'll be apart of a great community and awesome devs. Even as an EA game, you'll be quite pleased with the product."
76561197972433564,Recommended,324510,30805350,Posted: 28 March,all,Jiivita,"480 hours in and counting… I think that means I like it! lolThe Game is in Early AccessThere are bugs, glitches, and things that will brake from time to time... if this bugs you Please wait till the game is out of Early Access!  That being said the game is very playable and enjoyable with good progression of materials, tools, crafting, and exploration.  I have yet to experience any game braking bugs or issues.A Side note about some of the negative reviews:The game underwent a complete rewrite to C++ last year (2016) for massive performance gains… while the Devs where supper active on their forums and social feeds giving weekly game and progress updates… this somehow wasn’t apparent to the nu-involved Steam user and led to not so great reviews during that time.The Good:Voxel done right: clean textures, flowing art style, interesting and beautiful landscapes,  horizontal AND vertical half blocks (think slabs but on its side) gives the player both the resources and inspiration to build wonders and explore the unknown.Little to no inventory abuse!Almost every block has 5 different “sloped / angled” variations, however they are all considered the same block and convert to the standard “Cube” shape when collected! This ensures they stack together and are all equally usable.  (instead of each shape being permanent taking up it’s own slot)Travel:beyond walking and running there are one-time-use teleports (warps) as well as Lasting Portals that connect not only locations on the same planet but completely different worlds together… seamlessly! No loading screens!Interplanetary Travel:Think the Starter worlds are boring… travel to another world with different color pallets, Terran style (sometimes extreme), monsters to hunt as well as unique resources that can’t be found anywhere else!Awesome Community:seriously the nicest gaming community I've ever met…  and you actually see the Devs playing their own game.Frequent updateson progress being made and almost weekly updates to the game itself.The Bad:The game does crashfrom time to time… although I've only had say 20 in my almost 500hrs of play… so yeah heheLag and rubber-bandingdoes happen.  Its usually short lived or fix by Returning to Sanctum (in game lobby) and there are settings that can help tune the game to your internet connection.Some resources can be tricky to findbut there was a recent patch that changed how they are distributed in the world and most resources seem to favor certain conditions / biomes (knowledge is power =)Things that set this game apart:Inventory: Smart Stacks:blocks stack up to 99 after that they will for smart stacks (kinda like a 9 slot bag… inside of your bag!) that like-materials can group together.  Dirt with Dirt, Rock with Rock, and Wood with Wood ect.  So 891 Rocks (9 stacks of 99) will take up only one inventory slot!  This also works for Tools so 9 Axes will only take one inventory space as well!Powerful easy-to-use Chisel tool:all building blocks (excluding Decrotive blocks) can the Sloped into 5 different variations for making wonderful statues, smooth angled roofs, gentle hills and more; without junking up your bags with 5 versions of the same type of wood!Seamless portalsto connect the world and worlds together!  Stand on one side and see what’s going on on the other side!World Regen:The world is constantly regenerating itself… so resources never run out.  Changes made to the world are maintained ether by regular player activity or by placing “Beacons” that protects your builds from world regen AND other players!Also i have made a number of YouTube vids on getting started.As well as an introduction to the World of Boundless:https://youtu.be/KA0yPKXlrzE"
76561198046709998,Recommended,324510,33591325,Posted: 16 July,all,Falken08,"I've been keeping an eye on this one since it was Oort.Great concept, and the plans for what's ahead are even more exciting, especially if they are implemented as planned.  From what I've seen, I love the art and the concept behind the whole design.  I do wish there were more blocks/items/character designs, (even more than what I've seen planned).  Not because there isn't enough planned, but because this game has so much potential in its art direction, and concept, that it could easily be three times what's currently on the drawing board (that being said it's a very large drawing board as it is).A relativley small but extremely active community, (active in game, on forums, on the crafting wiki, etc.).  It has consistently surprised me how a small number of people are able to keep a forum going as if there were 10 times as many, and how things continue to noticeably grow in game and out.  I can't wait to see what this game becomes if instead of crying ""the game is dead!"", people begin to stick around and turn it into a larger community.That being said I can't stress the word ""community"" enough.  This isn't a bunch of minecraft players who happen to play on the same server, or a bunch of scattered dirt houses in the middle of nowhere.   This is a community of people communicating and working together to make huge builds, systems of cities, and so much more.  Everyone I've seen in the forums, I've also seen in game, working to make this game as good as it can be.The game isn't finished yet.  There's a lot to be desired, but a lot in the works.  If you want a great game, you should wait.  If you want to contribute to what could very well be a great game, I would suggest you buy in now.It's got a ways to go, but it's come a long way."
,Recommended,324510,30538294,Posted: 16 March,all,Dzchan94,"I've picked the game up since February 2017, and have not stoped since. But can't recommend it to everyone, not everyone is gonna like it and give it time to shine.Boundless has done all it's needed to advice and warm about the state of the game (pre-alpha) and asked players to understand it's not a full game and they are grateful for any suggestion or comments on the game.04th of July 2017:Boundless at it's current state, has very well surpassed the $95.00 I've dropped on it, can't deny the fact that I'm in love both with the game, the concept and the ideas thrown every single day.While the game has come very far since the day I came back into it, and the features and tutorials are more fleshed out, they're still lacking and you might find yourself stuck if you don't recurr to outside help. That's why I welcome you to our discord, forums and to check out the plethora of videos available.Boundless is as much of the game as it's community, it's a perfect example of how an informed purchase will meet your needs of quality over quantity.But enough talking about aspects outside the game.Skills and attributes, the newest of the added features, offers a wide arrange of possibilities to the already deep game we had available, and giving feedback on those will help shape the game in what could be the very best sandbox game there is (to me it already is)."
,Recommended,324510,34177968,Posted: 11 August,all,Goofy,"I've had this game since April of 2015 back when it was called Oort Online, when there was literally no content to it. Now there's a character level-based skill progression system, multiple types of mobs, a lot more blocks, and a sense of direction for this game.Also, if you watch the videos showcasing the cities and portals above, let me just say that those cities are all player-built, not generated. The portals are also as seamless as it shows, and it's probably the smoothest server transferring of any game I've ever played.Pros:+Graphically quite pleasant, though in the distance the scenery still looks weird to me+Anti-griefing system+Can get very creative with structures+Amazing player-built cities+Trading system - can trade either a player, or buy from/sell to a player-run shop+Other players are quite friendly, if you ever find them+Portals with seamless server/world switching+Progression system to provide an MMO feel+Lots of available customizations in the progression/character skill selection+The Devsreally, and I do mean really, care about their game and their playersCons:-Abismallysmall player base currently (It has grown a bit since the sale)-Progression system is slow, and rather grindy-If your internet is unstable, this game will constantly attempt to send you back to the Sanctum, stopping you from doing whatever you're in the middle ofHas not been happening recently.-Cities can cause framerate drops-Camera spazzes out when near multiple objects you can intereact with (pretty sure it's a bug)This has been fixed.Neutral:Given that this is early access still, this is to be expected but:Several bugs that are a bit detrimental to gameplay atmMob rework has been implemented and also balanced out, other major bugs have been patched.While you can choose what you want to progress in and when, you're fairly restricted to focusing on the crafting recipes first and everything else second for the time beingYou can now create multiple characters to work around this.TL;DRGame is getting much better, still needs more players. I'd give it an 8/10 currently."
76561198056081551,Recommended,324510,15500304,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DoggoBloggo,"I would recommend this game to people who would like to see this game come true because I was just eaten away by the idea of fighting titans and portal jumping to different worlds and then building amazing structures in a beautiful environments of your choice. But currently, all you're going to get is empty worlds that look beautiful but are quite deserted.The developement team seems really active with the community also so I don't think this game will wind up like some other early alpha games, canceled and abandoned with money wasted, and I do hope I am not wrong because this game, with the right advertisement, could make it big!"
,Recommended,324510,20809815,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Karnevale,"while i see that this game has a long way to go, i truly believe in this game. i think that this game could be THE game that revolutionizes MMOs as a whole, and so far, i really like the interaction between the dev team and the community. they are listening to us, and we should believe in them. i wrote this review to combat some of the older reviews, because the game has, and will progress to become better and better.as for features, the game has;*stunning graphics,*innovative real time portals,*a passionate and responsive team of deaigners and moderatorsand there isn't a whoile lot to do in the game right now besides build, so if you're not comforatble with that, do not buy this game yet, but i highly reccomend you watch for this game in the future."
76561198052064464,Recommended,324510,12971310,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Vinzerk,"EDIT:*****These features are not yet available in game:-Crafting-Character Races-Combat-PvP-Titans/Protectors/Creatures-Guilds-Trading, and more.*****If you buy this now (November 2014), the only thing you can do is:-Mining-Building things-Exploring different worlds, These worlds are amazingly Unique!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So I was searching for the next big mmorpg to play which features crafting, sandbox, PvP, Trading, Raiding, Dungeons. and then one day I walked into Oort Online. I've seen that they have plans of mixing a voxel-based sandbox with rpg features on it so I thought it was amazing. Since then I've been watching this game until it was on Steam Greenlight (and voted for it) and now that It's already on Early Access launch *hurray*. I was so excited to buy and play this game.Here are the things I loved about Oort online although it's still in Pre-Alpha phase.-Awesome Graphics-Player Created Structures are very mind blowing-Exploring different worlds itself is already amazing-The sloped blocks-GRAPPLING HOOK omg im so awesoem liek Spiderman, yo!I'm so excited for more features especially the Titans, Protectors, PvP, and crafting! I also hope that Character classes would be awesome too. As I heard from other people, knowing that this is still in pre-alpha phase it really blows your mind how awesome it already is, and to think about how awesome it will become in the future. But really, this game will sure have more things to offer as it progress with our help, the community so let's help one another!Another thing, This game is still on early access so if you are not interested in taking part of the process, dislike bugs, encountering in game problems, random crashes you might as well wait on buying this game. But if you really wanted to support the devs in making this game  more awesome and experience its progress, then BUY IT."
,Recommended,324510,35238891,Posted: 27 September,all,Cosmin Negoita,"Long story short, this game is gonna be more than just a game. It's going to be a social network in it's own right. It's simply amazing, and also in a very good state considering it's still an Alpha.Now, for the longer version of this review, I'm gonna start with the negative bits first because there aren't many at all and not really ""negative"" but more consequences of an alpha version of a game that hasn't been marketed at all.1) The game feels dead. This is because of it's early stage, so not really a downside, but for those like me who expect to see cities teeming with players (like in the trailer), you might want to put those expectations aside. There are still some select groups of players that are still active, mostly builders. The only con of inactive players is you can get bored pretty quickly if you're not too much into mining and building (on your own). Not a lot of social activities to do, although the forums are pretty active so if you try to bring people together, you will likely succeed.2) Leveling up requires work. Don't expect to do some little tasks and grow in level. You need to put serious work down, such as mining and hunting. The good thing is almost everything you do in game earns you experience, so if you're active you can still level up quicker.3) Complex skill system. I say complex because a beginner won't know where to start. Every time you level up, you get skill points, which you can use to learn all kinds of things such as crafting tools & equipment, crafting machines as well as abilities to enhance your character's speed, jump, tool usage, etc. There are literally a lot of skills, so before you start using your skill points randomly (like I did), have a look around all the skill trees and see what you can learn and use. You also get cleanse points with every level, meaning you can revert a skill back, but these CPs are limited, so you still have to be considerate when choosing your skills.Now that I've narrowed down the negative bits, I'll be talking about why this game is awesome and why it's gonna be huge.I see Boundless like the love child of Minecraft and World of Warcraft, with features drawn from a whole lot of other games as well.1) The game allows you to choose your activity. You can be whatever you want. You can be a builder, building things for the community to admire and use. You can be a business owner, having a shop that makes you a lot of money. You can be a hunter. You can be an explorer. You can be a begger on the streets of Therka Market or in the slums of Krakendown.2) Everything in-game is player made. All those huge cities and towns are built by players. Which is just amazing. Some of them are nicer than the others, but just the fact that a lot of people come together in one place to build settlements is just amazing.3) Great trading system. You can buy and sell everything using shop stands or request baskets (think auction house). No need to stay online and chase people to do manual trading. Although you can do that too, which is awesome because it simply allows you to trade anything for everything. Wanna trade some wood for some iron? You can do it. Wanna trade that iron for some coins? Nothing can stop you.4) Love the way using stuff works. You don't need to be special in order to use that high-tier item. If you got the dough, you can buy it. No need to gain skill points and materials in order to craft it. Although, if you're broke, yeah, you need to go down those caverns and get materials. Provided you don't jump in a lava pool by accident.5) Going back to building, it just works. A lot of flexibility in building structures. Not a lot of content in terms of furniture, but there are a lot of block types and variations and you also get those chisels which are used to shape blocks to add that extra detail.6) Again, related to building. Every player earns land plots with every level gained. To place a land plot, you need a beacon. Those beacons are using fuel in order to stay active. As long as a beacon is active, all land plots connected to it are indestructible by others. This means all your builds are safe, as long as you keep that beacon fueled up. This also ensures the land doesn't stay occupied if the owner is not active anymore and it also gives people incentive to play the game and keep everything up.7) Portals. The main means of transportation in Boundless is portals. Just like the ones found in Valve's Portal. They're just awesome. Imagine having your house on a planet, and the bedroom is on a different one. It's that easy. Just walk into the portal and go out on the other side.8) Planets. Everyone loves the idea of planets. Different places to go, with different flora and fauna (although there's not much diversity at this stage yet). But all those planets have a purpose, not just for the sake of it. There are 3 planets per region. Every planet has a level of difficulty which affects the level of mobs, the speed at which you mine and also the richness of resources. There are a total of 12 planets as of now, 3 for each region: Europe, Australia, US East and US West. What's crazier is each planet acts like a server. If you're from Europe, you can still visit planets from the US or Australia, but expect these to be a bit laggier than your planets.There are a lot more awesome, tinier features, but these are the things that stood out to me. Again, the game is in it's early stages, so not a lot of players around which makes the game a bit boring at some point. But you can still meet people and have fun. Also because of the fact there aren't many people around, those who are are usually very nice and polite. Everyone's keen to help new players and build a family that will carry on through the main release.I'd recommend buying this game. Even if you get bored of playing it, make sure you keep an eye on it's development because it's gonna be some big and eventually, you'll buy it anyway.Take care and hope to see you in game! I live just outside of Therka Market, in the North. It's a big-ish modern house with a shiny blue ""P"" on it's roof. Come holla at me and also make sure to visit my pub in Munteen Paradise."
,Recommended,324510,22622046,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,CloudKilledAerith,"I'm quite pleased with how this game is developing. The devs have done a great job keeping the players up to date on what's going on and keeping there word as to what's being done. That's a very nice change of pace, considering how a lot of games have been going the past few years.Also, the game is a lot of fun even in the earliest stages. The graphics are clean and and the worlds are amazing. Very excited to see this game grow."
76561198033125179,Recommended,324510,13069834,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Quantum,"Realizing this game is still pre-alpha, if you like this genre then Oort Online is well worth buying now.  The developers have a great vision of the ""next-gen"" style Minecraft games and I believe they absolutely have a winner here.  Backing it now allows you to have an actual hand in the development.  And quite frankly, it is already almost as much fun as Minecraft, and I love that game.  So help these folks out, back the game, and help enable all the advanced features they would like to implement.  Funding is critical and this is a game worth funding completely, and then some.  You will not regret it!"
76561198010931257,Recommended,324510,24278501,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Elenwyd,"I sunk quite a bit of money into this game. Upping to collectors (and will probably up my ante later).At this time they've adding more and more features quickly into the game and updated the source code.While still not alot to do, where they came from before (oort online) to now is quite a few steps forward. Many reviewers aren't happy where its currently at, but bugger them. Its in development, and things wont be peak span and playable. Currently they're working on adding more blocks and are testing out a locking mechanic to keep your items safe from sticky hands.Its moving along quite nicely, perhaps not everyones cup of tea at this point, but its growing and it keeps getting better.A more fair review will be posted later when the game is more polished with more content released."
76561198005513136,Recommended,324510,25970438,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tuark{TS},"I come back to this game every few months to see whats new. This weekend I logged in and found a game that finally feels like a game that has potential to keep my attention for a decent amount of time. Here are the things I like about the current game play.You get plots of land that become yours and people cannot destroy your creations: I love this because it encourages creativity in a multiplayer game. If you're playing with friends you can give them rights to work and manage your land. When this game goes live and there are massive player made cities it'll be pretty sweet.The more you play the game the more plots of land you unlock: This is probably the greatest thing they've added recently. As someone who likes to build things I found that previous versions were really limited because you had a set number of plots. Once you filled them up there wasn't much left to do. Over just one weekend in the current game mode I've earned more plots then I can keep up with for building things! I love it.There are multiple planets: The game has an exploration element to it where you can teleport to other planets. These planets orbit each other and you can see them in the sky.This game is a Minecraft type game so yeah, you have to spend time farming blocks if you want to do stuff. If that's not your thing then you probably won't like this game. I like it better then Minecraft because it's prettier. I don't have to setup my own server and manage mods for multiplayer. It has builtin creation protection without needing a mod for it.Overall it's a good game and it's not even finished yet."
76561198006735809,Recommended,324510,34323399,Posted: 18 August,all,frost124,"I waited on buying this game because I wasn't sure if the devs abandoned the game or not.  However, after the last major update I was very impressed.  The game feels like WoW mixed minecraft.  The sound track is absouletly stunning.There seems to be much content to explore, and a lot to do.  As for only playing the game for a few hours I'm very taken by it.If you like minecraft, get it."
76561197986820728,Recommended,324510,13282477,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Azmadi,"Even though Oort Online is currently in an early alpha stage of the game, it is beautiful, fun and for myself, addictive!. At the moment there is only building and exploring with friends or by yourself if you prefer to be the lone wolf. As limited as the game may currently be, it is very worth the purchase now to get involved with the game early on, find and report bugs (they are out there....Alpha people!) build some amazing structures with buddies! and grow with this game as it updates and changes before your eyes!.The Dev team constantly updates and pushes for game growth, they are also extremely active with their Oortian community!. Steam, Facebook, Twitter, their official site and forums to email, they are very active and actually respond to questions or concerns if any.I highly recommend purchasing this game sooner than later and heres why: Early Access!, Bonuses to the game (depending on which Oort Package you decide is for you..check their official website), Buying now all helps to ensure this game continues to develop smoothly which is what we all want dont we!? ;).Very promising game, and we all can make it come to have a full and happy life."
76561198340308074,Recommended,324510,30770157,Posted: 27 March,all,Pete,"Like many gamers, I've played a lot of Minecraft - it's hard not to compare the two, as they have a lot in common. In short; if you loved Minecraft, you'll probably love this too, but there are differences for sure;The main difference, and the biggest selling point for me, is the community. I've seen plenty of community projects in Minecraft, but nothing like this. In Boundless players organically settle beside one another and form settlements, they set up trade networks and assist each other with the games unqiue Portal mechanic - allowing seamless travel between far away planets.I'm dumbfounded this game hasn't had more attention. The more people that know about this game the better. It gets a definite thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,324510,31123253,Posted: 13 April,all,Silber,"So i've now tossed around 140 hours in the game over soon 2 weeks, and i gotta say this is the game that keeps on giving.It seems complicated at first, but boy the tutorial helps alot with the step by step, and as soon as you get through that it's like an entire new world.The game is a indepth voxel based MMO sorta like minecraft /creativerse if you've ever played any of those, mixed with what  No Man's Sky Should have been. This game is super addictive even now in it's early stages. And soon a update implementing the skills etc will come, and it's gonna increase the games playtime even more on my part. i don't think i've been this addicted to a game since early Mount & Blade Warband (Yes an entire different game) but holy, if you don't already have this i really recommend buying it."
,Recommended,324510,30779104,Posted: 27 March,all,Killua,"I've gotten boundless only a few weeks ago, and I gotta say I love it. I have around 70-80 hours by now and I don't plan on stopping. Here are some pros and cons to the game.PROS: Very active community within the game and on the forums. Everyone in the community is nice and respectful to eachother. Almost no griefers. It is the most unique game I've ever seen.CONS: Not a huge amount of players. (I'm sure this will rise during release). The current mobs are not very challenging. Can feel like a bit of a grind when looking for coal, fossils, etc.Overall I recommend this game because of the potential it has."
76561198134962841,Recommended,324510,32701606,Posted: 23 June,all,Astralus,"One of the best building EA games. It has beautiful graphics, lots of blocks and machines to build with, a tool to modify the blocks into slopes and other shapes and portals that act like those in the PORTAL games. The community is nice and helpful, the anti grief/protection system is good and there is a progression system as of recently. But THE best thing this game has is the dev team. If you'll visit the forums you'll see that devs are not only doing stuff for the game, but are active on the forums too, communicating and listening to players feedback.The game gets frequent updates. The LIVE version gets one big update once in a while, but the TEST version gets updated very often since features are added frequently and they need testing. It's totally worth the price if you're are a minecraft/skysaga/voxel game lover and you like engaging with people from time to time."
76561198070693707,Recommended,324510,30788715,Posted: 28 March,all,kettu69,"Really potential game to overcome all minecraft type sandbox games. If you like those kind of games you should definitely get this when released. You can also join for early access, give your support and effect how the game will be when completed(really interesting things happening there).Can't give much negative feedback about a game that still work in progress(bugs and uncomplited features are expected)."
,Recommended,324510,15118016,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Coljack,"I'm going to try and keep this short, but still properly cover my initial experiences in this game. Coming in, I was really expecting another minecrap clone, but while at first glance that's what it is, it has a distinctly different feel to it. There are a lot of fun concepts and mechanics present that set it apart from any other games in this rapidly expanding genre.Here's what I noticed in my first hour or so into the game:The first thing anyone will notice when playing this is the most obvious; the graphics.The visuals can be incredible, and somewhat surreal at times, but while they look nice, in all honesty it can get to a point where it slightly hurts the eyes, and can get very distracting. This is honestly one of my biggest irritations with the game, aside from the next point;Harvesting materials isinfuriatingly tedious. I spent what felt like over 30 minutes harvesting one tree, simply because I had to spend so long trying to clear the floating leaves out.There's a lot, and I mean a LOT of bugs. I found an infinite wood exploit entirely by accident, and it was executed through what should be a normal part of building.(Note to the developers: Ancient Wood Slabs, yo.)The servers are GHOST TOWNS. I have yet to even see another player, this entire time. I mean, their structures are omnipresent, but the players themselves? Gone with the wind.HOWEVER...Now, while all of this is glaringly irritating, something that struck me as odd was that after all that, I realized I wasstill playing.It took me a moment, but I realized that the game was so damn addicting, even without other players, or properly functioning wooden slabs, it was still amazingly fun.I've tried to organise why.The entire idea of random portals sitting in the middle of nowhere leading to the middle of nowhere is absolutely brilliant. The fact that transitions between both sides is seamless is even more brilliant, and helps really immerse you into the world, as instead of just switching servers, (which you could do anywaysIF YOU HATE FUN) you can instead choose to use a portal, seamlessly jumping from one server to the next without even so much as a loading screen. You can even see the place from the other side. It adds a lot to the game.The whole concept of a number of the technical blocks is a lot of fun. The bounce.. jump... trampoline... things... are great fun to play with... assuming you can find a good place to set it all up.The ambience is absolutely wonderful.Not really much to say about that one. It just works.Of all the things I saw that people had built, I sincerely did not see even ONE gigantic♥♥♥♥♥♥ not a single phallic obelisk piercing the heavens, the world was DEVOID of grand towering ding-dongs, plenty of ships but barren of mainsails, lots of afros and not one disco stick, stones all over the place but no excalibur, CLUBS WERE OPEN AND NOT A MEMBER IN SIGHT.Not. Even. One.It was amazing.Whoops, I didnt keep it short.tl;dr:Buggy, visuals can make your eyes hurt, nobody playing it, still super fun, and has brilliant ideas and mechanics.And no giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥NO GIANT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ANYWHERE.I rate it 8.5/10."
76561198018646433,Recommended,324510,33810461,Posted: 26 July,all,Chefkush,"When I first bought this game I saw the trailer and was so stoked I over looked the EA banner (I was lit, what can I say).  I got pumped by the trailer. Ort online was everything I had hoped Cube World was going to be.  I logged in and was saddened by my cube character and nothing to do.Fast forward  several months.  Called Boundless now and blew my mind away.  This game is beautiful, there is tons of stuff to do/explore/craft and the progression system looks amazing.  Been occupying my hours for the last few days now and I look forward to logging in to start preparations for crafting my iron tier gear.Even at current state I highly reccomend this game, the devs have a vision and that vision is mighty."
,Recommended,324510,13068008,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Jmikey2011,"So it is still really early in development, but it is still amazing.  Currently it is not worth the 30 some dollars, but it has huge potential.  Most features are either not implemented (all drops are orange blocks) or they are planning on added them later.Pros:- Beautiful landscape- Almost no lag between severs (worlds) and block updates- Grappling hooks….- Slingshots- Clean looking texturesCons: (for current version)- Not much to do other than build- Confusing controls at first- No lag but the textures are funky when breaking if that makes sense- No one is on, or maybe I choose the wrong time- Water mechanics are weird ( you can place torces underwater)- No redstone ( I think? )I still really like the game and can not wait till it gets the updates and all the other content.  Currently it is just basic creative mode minecraft.  No redstone like blocks currently, so all design.  I am a huge redstone person so that was a let down, unless I am mistaken.  I once built a Month/day/year clock in MC so yeah.  But for those out there that want a better Minecraft game now sorry.  Wait till after christmas when the new update is scheduled to release."
76561198094906106,Recommended,324510,34392594,Posted: 21 August,all,Glychi,"Almost BoundlessFirst review for a game I normally avoid reviewing games on this platform as usually I only support small development teams / indie games through their website using their launcher. I am going to make this a simple as possible (for quick answer skip to the end).1)137 hours played in just over a week (speaks for itself)2) Come in expecting a more fleshed out minecraft experience, come out wondering why minecraft have not adopted the mechanics and ideas found within Boundless to their platform.3) Worth the basic package price due to hours of gameplay available. (considering still in testing phase)4) Developers (all be it limited in resources due to their size) are responsive, proactive and have a clear direction with a very defined goal.5) Community are one of the best I have ever encountered in any mmo esc title.6) Can feel empty sometimes when playing alone due to size of the community however do not mistaken this for a dead game the community are very vocal and active in the forums many have backed the game since 2015, so they are waiting either for launch or large updates as not to get burned out after 2 years of testing (understandable).7) Combat is not yet rewarding enough to specialize in however the Dev's have taken this on board and the framework for this style of play is very clear to see (they are working hard to implement it fully with teirs to mobs, weapon types, abilities and rewards). ""edit"" they have improov combat dramaticly, it is more responsive,enemies are more varied in level and difficulty and more rewarding but still a way to go.8) Visually stunning for voxel game all be it buggy from time to time (this is still in testing phase).9) It is what no man sky promised and voxel games should strive for with a healthy dose of mmorpg progression.Overall well rounded early acess title with more than enough to do to warrant the price tag in comparison to most finished, ""AAA"" titles out there. Community are welcoming and the game only emphasis's / enhances the community experience. If your looking for sandbox, mmo, rpg, voxel experience this is a must play in my book and deserves so much more recognition than it is currently recieving."
,Recommended,324510,34617321,Posted: 30 August,all,Brandon,"The best elements from Minecraft: exploration, planning your creations, constructing your dream base.  .. I kinda miss the zombies and creepers a bit but.. I haven't explored the ""dangerous"" worlds yet so maybe there's more in store for me.The portal system is easily one of the most impressive technological achievements I've ever seen in software. I really want to see how that was accomplished. Regardless, it's awesome. When I first found a permanent portal that lead to more portals which all lead to more portals.. I was awestruck. The universe is enormous.Perhaps the one problem I have with the game is how sluggish my character feels when traversing the long distances. I am confident that is just because I am new and I assume from the deep skill system that I will get faster and more agile over time. Also.. I can't wait to try out the hookshot thing .. and basically be spiderman!Levelling is also kinda slow (so maybe I have two problems). I am not too bothered by this; I figure I will go hunting or something and figure how to streamline the process. It could also be that I am just a bit too anxious to get down that skill tree.I am loving pretty much every design decision so far. I am very glad to support such clever developers and am eagerly awaiting their updates."
,Recommended,324510,29104723,Posted: 7 January,all,GreatLeviathen,I have been following this game since it was called Oort online.Decided to finally buy it and i'm glad i did.The world looks amazing and the sounds effects and ambient noises are very nice.The crafting and gathering is interesting as well.Killing monsters is quiet fun as well.The only negative part for me is that there is no hunger and survival on that part.Would be nice if they added hunger and farming to make bread or something.Overall i give this game a 9/10 as i'm enjoying it so far :)
,Recommended,324510,13062687,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SuGud,Can't wait until it's fully released! Very promising!
76561198001141007,Recommended,324510,34450671,Posted: 23 August,all,GrumpyMonkeyV5,"Wandering around the wilderness of the starter planet I was beginning to wonder where everyone was (that was before the last update made players easier to spot on your compass). Then climbing across a hill I see a huge tower on the horizon. Deciding to see what's over there I start traveling towards, climbing accross dunes and hills. A second huge tower appears behind the first and as it slowly get's night I can see that both are glowing brightly. Coming closer more and more buildings with brightly coloured lights lights and signs apear before me. Suddenly I remember that Fallout3-feeling when approaching NewVegas from the desolate dessert for the first time - civilization ahead. Having reached one the biggest settlements ingame (Thekra market) I can suddenly see players running around (no pvp so they are interested in speaking or trading with you rather than griefing you as in some other games). I begin to wander through this huge city and without even noticing wandered through a portal I mistook for a doorway, Wide eyed I suddenly stare into a weird foggy sky with green rain coming down and realize ""I'm not in Kansas, ehrm Thekra anymore."" I actually landed on it's toxic moon and that grumbling alien animal over there is probably not thinking about making light conversation with me but rather having a spontaneus snack - me. Back through the portal into safety I begin searching for a home and finally set up a little hut in a swamp as home.  And that was just the first day.  The second day continued with exploring underground caves like in minecraft, discovering that you have not only mc's quadratic blocks but can also chisel them to all kinds of slopes, and have a dev wandering by my house and answering a few noob questions. Furthermore I find out that a player I met the day before in the market is actually from one of the US servers. Turns out the other planets you can travel include the US and Australian servers, so you can meet with players from all over the world.And so the days continued, it really feels like those early days of games like minecraft or Ark where you learn something new every day.So, as an early access title it has:- a small but very helpfull community, it feels like a real oldschool betatest (which an early access should be) rather than one of those moneygrabbing early access titles that just try to sell as many titles as possible.- frequent updates and very helpfull and friendly devs who also actually play in the game like the regular players (personally only ever seen that in Squad before)- already many interesting features integrated that the Minecraft community added as mods and ma lot of feedback from the players being followed.It has huge potential and even if you'd hesitate because it still is in development I'd strongly recommend keeping an eye on it."
76561198079446414,Recommended,324510,12979726,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Exsu,"[Side note: I have about 20 hours more game time before steam release.]TL;DR: In one sentence this is like Minecraft but with rpg, guild manage and  land claiming elements.But before you think that Oort Online is only copy of Minecraft, let me assure you that more you spend time playing Oort, less it feel like games i mentioned before.And why is that?Well because does everything much better and have own unique twist.Even with this pre-Alpha status, this game looks better than most of mmo´s and games you come across. Lightning is one of the best looking ones there is and i don´t remember another game where i have just remained still and enjoyed watching the night sky until in-game morning sun started to rise. I don´t even try to explain how astonishing game looks like, it´s something that you simply have to experience yourself.A lot of the game features are missing like npcs, land claiming and player models from what is planned, but every game copy bought will bring those things sooner and already this game is worth money i spend on buying collector´s edition. I plan to buy that 90€ edition from website because game is simply AMAZING and team working behind scenes deserves every penny.I think without a doubt, this game is next big thing in and outside gaming world."
76561198040225371,Not Recommended,324510,31800429,Posted: 17 May,all,Richard.glen,"Well after watching the videos i was eager to play the game. At first i was impressed with the graphics and overall quality of the game, but after playing for a few hours i started to realise that it seems very empty.I know this is an early access but the videos gave the impression that there was much more to do than explore an empty planet with loads of other peoples starting beacons dumped down on the ground next to a furnace and crafting station.Pro:- The graphics and sounds are really good, this truly has major potentialCons:- Nothing really to do in the game right now- No real survival aspect to the game, i was walking around for ages and there was nothing in my area. i would have expected to see even some simple animals etc.- If there is a place where everyone meets up to trade like the video shows, then i have no clue where it is or how to find it.I would give this a neutral rating if i could but i am swaying towards 'No' as the game has been out for a long time and there doesnt seem to be much to do yet."
76561198040951006,Recommended,324510,13029404,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Eagle,"The game has so much potential, considering this game is only in pre-alpha and the graphics are already absolutely amazing. This game I hope will go far, I know some indie games do not make it and die before they even reach full release, or reach full release and are absolute garbage. However, I feel like this game will do well, it is absolutely wonderful at this point. The game at this point is not exciting like hopping on minecraft or similar games, then again we must remember this is only pre-alpha. If you are on the line of buying this, please consider doing so as the game needs money to receive any kind of improvements. If no one invests and everyone says ""I'll wait until its much more interesting,"" the game will never reach that point without funding :(. First time reviewing a game I hope this was helpful, if not feel free to message me :D."
,Recommended,324510,13113073,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,samasaurus6,"Great game, friendly and active developers who listen to the community. What more could you ask for?No, it's not a minecraft clone. It's totally different. Just like how Starbound isn't a terraria clone. Each is different, even though they may first appear quite simliar.So how is it different? Firstly it feels a lot more immersive. The scenery is beautiful and there are many different worlds to explore. Every world is connected. It's like a MMORPG in this sense. You meet people, will eventually be able to form guilds, play as different races and more.Yes it's still in early stages but updates have been quite frequent so far. Already on release 90!"
76561198055157942,Recommended,324510,33335027,Posted: 6 July,all,micdutoit,"I don't typically write reviews but I just had to make an exception with Boundless.  The game is well-rounded and provides tons of entertainment value.  There are already a dozen worlds to explore with some of the most amazing sights I've seen in any game.  Boundless already offers many unique features including grappling, portals and a truly player-driven economy.I am in awe that that it is still considered pre-alpha: there is so much to do already and so well rounded.  There are of course still some bugs, crashes and lag - but these have not really disrupted my playtime to date.  I would however warn people that the world will be wiped in the future."
76561197969619169,Recommended,324510,32114065,Posted: 1 June,all,king raf,"The game is far from finished but already pretty good. The high price for an early access game was scaring at first.It looks very good, the soundtrack is great and the unique game mechanics already make it quite enjoyable.Communication between devs and community is great and there are weekly updates on the test server. After some time a polished version from the test server goes to life server.If you are unsure to purchase just wait more months. I think in about half a year it will be very good. The game has huge potential."
,Recommended,324510,30799865,Posted: 28 March,all,Smooth Slick,"This game is currently in EARLY ACCESS. Please keep that in mind if you decide to purchase the game before full release as there are some bugs still.I love this game. I have been watching it for a few months now and was really excited about it. I finally caved and purchased Boundless and I am extremely glad I did. I'm only a little over 23 hours in at the time of this review and I am blown away. Im a fan of MMORPG and a fan of sandbox games and this absolutely has the potential to be one of my favorites in both catergories. Almost everyone in the community is nice and helpful, wether you meet them on one of the multiple planets you'll explore, or if you've asked for some help on the forums. And the builds the players are teaming up to accomplish are nothing short of spectacular. If you find your way to Pixel Gate be sure to check out the MASSIVE community project they are doing there. Three cities have pitched in to build a giant Oort Temple.9/10 Early Access. Can't wait to see more.3/28/17"
76561198163637613,Recommended,324510,30863610,Posted: 31 March,all,jeffrotheswellis,"I started playing boundless in october 2016. It has quickly made it to the top of my game list. Boundless is the perfect voxle/rpg blend. No Matter what I am in the mood for boundless it there for me.  Building, creating a shop, exsploring new locations and so much more!Boundless has it own uniqe art style and the comunity is amazing!I cant think of a single thing about this game that i do not like."
76561197964340792,Recommended,324510,33260011,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr_Bump,"I've been playing for a few days now. Boundless is so far fantastic. Yes, it's rough around the edges, the leveling system is a bit of a mess and a grind, nothing is explained, but that's all to be expected in a game at this point of its devolopent. The core game of exploring and building in a shared universe is rock solid and to be honest, bloody brilliant. Really excited to see where the game goes from here."
,Not Recommended,324510,23719282,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,joyfullyDeadly,"Too early in development to justify the price. I will re-review when that changes.Yes, I realize it is early access, but I also realize that the minimum price tag is $35 and that there is nothing to do except dig, build, and shoot AI entities that really pose you no threat.When Starmade is free from its website and $15 on steam and minecraft is $26, you really can't justify charging $35 for something that is barely even a game.===========================================Update - An actual experience to talk about (10/05/2016):The new update is progress. However, it's still nearly unplayable and a couple of core features are still lacking in even simple feedback.Last time I tried the game, my character would teleport back to spawn after what seemed like one step of movement. It was nauseating to look at, and prevented me from playing. Switching from gamepad to mouse+keyboard solved this, but from that point on, the first part of my review speaks.This time, I got to gather some wood and leaves before I died with no warning. I was repeatedly respawned next to the same creature that killed me several times before I got away from it. The ""with no warning"" part could be improved by playing a placeholder sound effect on damage. When my character got gently nudged forward, I thought it was an input bug, and a console output simply isn't game feeback. It doesn't get the player's attention nearly enough.After escaping the animal, I managed to gather enough wood to craft two axes (I like to keep multiples of each tool in games like this), before I lost control of my character's rotation in a similar way to the original ""teleporting to spawn bug"". I could move my camera, but it would jump back to a specific facing direction. Similar to being unable to move, this is a literal game-breaking bug. I did not continue trying to play after this.Along the way, I saw what looks like better controller UI. I will maybe test that out next week, as ""Full Controller Support"" was a big seller for me on the store page."
76561198159836524,Recommended,324510,30519078,Posted: 14 March,all,AVEN ir,The most beautiful game I have ever played which is also runable on Macbook Pro. Love this.I recommend this game to anyonw who loves advanturing and discovering.
76561197995545012,Recommended,324510,31123423,Posted: 13 April,all,djurius,Very rarely do I find a game that actually wont get me bored within a couple of hours. This game is still in pre-alpha but it's being updated frequently every week with new features. The game is aimed for a full release in 2017 but it's still alot of fun to play even during this stage.There is great potential in this and it'll most likely be the game I play for thousands of hours in the coming years.
76561198010979672,Recommended,324510,33431156,Posted: 10 July,all,raykor,"This is what Minecraft should have done a long, long time ago. A truly immersive MMO experience within a block/voxel based universe where you can interact with other players, build bases together, trade, and explore new worlds together. There's a deep crafting system, questing, and lots to explore. The portal system is really cool, and I love that players can create their own bases and create communities out of them that can be linked together via portals. I only have 12 hours on record and I'm looking forward to many, many more."
76561198089892459,Recommended,324510,18781536,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Cam,"So another early access game with crafting, building and is voxel based. why get Oort onl... Boundless. unlike quite a few similar games or even a few early access the devs are always working on Boundless. It may seem for a while that nothing new has been done but when an update comes out it ususaly has loads of content or fixes, when i brought this everything had place holders and there was very little to the game. Now most place holders are gone and the devs while filling out the content they already have are also adding some new content as well. Why do i recomend this? apart from being beautiful as hell ive seen the change in the game and seeing what the devs promise i have no doubts they will deliver. Even though atm there isnt a HUGE amount of content just go through the cities and other worlds and just look or go and add to the world, while ive never run into anyone else playing the game its still fun as it is and holds lots of promise for the future, if you dont feel like its worth the current price try get it on special either way this game is worth it."
76561198070649873,Recommended,324510,16984453,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Sail,"This game is pretty awesome. As a person that paied for the Collectors edition, I find the value in supporting the devs. Yes the game currently doesnt have much in it, but then again at the time of this reveiw the game in in PRE ALPHA. And at that it runs a lot smoother then Minecraft which is its clostest counter part. I would say get this game and help grow and develop the game with the Devs!"
76561198037259809,Recommended,324510,31558872,Posted: 5 May,all,Waervyn,"Boundless is one of the many voxel based crafting/exploration games. The games it has most in common with (that I'm aware of) are Creativerse and Minecraft.What's good about the game:- Very very pretty- Great music/atmosphere- Amazing community- Active devs- Chisel system, this allows you to customize the shape of blocks to some extend, allowing for more elaborate creations.- Smart stacks, great way of managing your inventory- Seamless transition between different worlds. While this is cool and amazing, the individual planets (that I've visited) are not super varied. While in Minecraft you can run for a long time in one direction and find lots of different biomes, here you'll find a couple, and to find more, you'll have to travel to other planets. I like this better, as it also changes the skybox etc.Cons:- Mechanics not very well explained. The tutorial is very basic due to the nature of early access. However, if you want some pointers, either asking on the forums/discord, or checking videos by Jiivita (or one by me) will help.- Quite grindy. Mining is very slow, and some things you need are really really hard to find. However, one thing to take into account is that this is an MMO. Stuff is slow, but if you make friends and interact with people, you can get stuff done more quickly and in a more fun way. So this can be a pro/neutral/con depending on what you like.- Not a whole lot of 'gameplay' content. There's lots of blocks, and hours upon hours of fun to be had. However, if you're looking for a game with things like farming, loot, pets etc., look elsewhere...at least for now! This is in early access, and there are lots of plans for development. But if you're expecting a game where you can automate everything or build a big working farm, this stuff is not in (yet).- The price. This held me off for a long time. However, now I feel like it was money well spent, but it was a barrier to entry. This leads me to another point. If you spend some extra money for the adventurer tier...you get access to the world builder. This lets you design biomes, worlds and assets using a (initially confusing) very nice flow-chart system. I'm absolutely in love with this, and think I will play with this more than I'll be playing the actual game!Overall, this is a wonderful game that's going to give me many hours of creative fun! There's not a whole lot of 'game' here yet, next to the mining and building, but reading about the dev's ideas makes me very excited indeed!"
,Recommended,324510,31057889,Posted: 10 April,all,Seanado,"I discovered Boundless through my (rather short and fussy) wishlist. Whilst browsing the store a few years ago, I was very impressed and intruiged with the concept and design of the game. Years later (bringing us to now), I was confused as to where Boundless had come from - until I discovered it had replaced Oort Online (with a much better, snappier name!).Although I haven't played this game for too long, let me tell you that calling this game a ""Minecraft clone"" is a foolish misconception. In many ways, this game is already far better than Minecraft, including the graphics, which I would find it a joke to be compared to Minecraft, as it is easily better than the vast majority of games out there. From the first minute I jumped into this fascinating world, I was perplexed by the astounding beauty that the brilliant developers have poured into this game, however, there are some things which could do with tweaking, adding and even removing altogether.I will try to bear in mind that this game is in Alpha, but I do apologise in advance for any harsh criticisms.To begin with, progression is somewhat slow, and at certain points in the game, I felt like giving up. This could be due to how long it takes for a crafting table to make tools and produce the amount of blocks before that needed to make a stone hammer. I would politely suggest experimenting with maybe half, or even 25% of the waiting times you have to experience at the moment, as it will make the game a lot more enjoyable.Now, I know you awesome developers out there are probably working tirelessly to get this feature out there as soon as possible, but with no tutorial, it makes progress even slower. You have missions in the top right corner as a rough guideline, but they aren't really ideal.(Oh, and by the way, I found a beginners tutorial on the Boundless forums, which helped a lot:https://forum.playboundless.com/t/beginner-guide-release-144/5395)Another suggestion I have which could make trading more relevant in the game is by adding tool upgrades so that players can personalise their tool, make it faster, more durable etc. etc. now, I do apologise for my ignorance if this is a feature already in the game, but I thought I would put that out there as a little idea.There are a few other problems I could dwell on, but I do understand that as this is on Alpha, most of the content has already been thought out, and will simply be implemented with time. Overall, I love the concept of this game, and it has insane potential. The way the game is going, it will be no time before everyone will know about this brilliant game. All of the friendly staff and Devs, keep doing what you are doing! It's great!If you are on the fence on buying this game, at the moment, I would suggest you not to buy it, or at least wait until they release a tutorial as the game is quite complex, and in my personal opinion, I think this game can't do without a tutorial, but as I said before, the developers are well aware of this, and who knows? It could be here by next week!"
76561198115216132,Recommended,324510,28488162,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TacoRocket,"This game is awesome, and they're only getting started! Basically, if you're a fan of any sandbox games, like minecraft, and a fan of the MMORPGs like World of Warcraft etc., you'll love this! Think minecraft, except for beautiful, more advanced tools, a MUCH larger pallette of building materials (different worlds give different colors of the same materials as well), an advanced physics engine with slippery ice, bouncy trampolines, and a universe full of different creatures and technology. Think WoW, except for you can build your own castle/tower/fortress/city/hovel, the rewards for ""raiding"" will be long lasting and not get outdated, and they'll be guild wide! Also, as you craft your own gear the materials you use to make them aren't just a random list of items. If you use materials of a certain color, your gear will be that color. Not with cheap dyes that don't make sense, but the actual material mined/gathered determines color and to some extent properties! Also, the really difficult to find materials will allow you to build really awesome more functional gear, so when you see somebody with awesome gear, it's because they worked for it and/or got lucky while gathering.In addition to all of this, when you've explored, built and conquered on one world gather your friends because you can open up a portal, aim to the skies, and teleport to a whole other level of world to be conquered with higher tiers of creatures, ""dungeons"" and loot. The possibilities really are boundless, and I believe that's where the name came from!One more bonus of this game as it is pre-release is that I'm a nobody, but the developers have personally responded to my questions, comments, and concerns. If you join before the release, you get the opportunity to help shape the game. I've been told of other games in development like that, but never experienced the type of back-and-forth feedback I've received with Boundless. It's really epic. If their customer service for the live game is anything like what they do currently, this game will go far!"
,Recommended,324510,24320396,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Faundell,"Very surprised at the development so far. So far you can not just make portals and such as it seems like in the trailers/teasers, but it is emensley fun to play around with one and build near it if you stumble upon ane as i have. the game so far can only go up and I look forward to future versions and the full release!:edit:Its been awhile since i posted my review, so i thought id make an update. There's been so much new stuff and crafting is getting so expansive its almost overwhelming compared to the last time i played(in a good way). The concept has not changed, but it is amazing. if you are going to buy, i suggeest going into betas and playing the testing version when you buy it because it has more and is patched up faster. I LOVE IT!!!"
76561198151005975,Recommended,324510,29510624,Posted: 26 January,all,Betelgeuse,"I can tell this has potential. I bought it without much knowledge of its details other than a recommendation from my friend, who has it on ps4. That is something I am definately glad for, the cross platform. All I was told is that it's a better version of minecraft, yet currently in a pre-alpha stage. I was expecting bugs and limited gameplay while anticipating a game-changing update, but while I'm sure that will come, the game itself as of now is aleady great. I just wanted to encourage the developers to keep going, and let them know that I support them greatly. I hope you found this review helpful, and thank you."
,Recommended,324510,29412555,Posted: 21 January,all,Chompy,Game has improved massively since developement first started. Really pretty and uniques design.
,Not Recommended,324510,15023885,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,NetGuru,"Very promising, basically it's the engine plus some exploring at the moment.For the price i won't recommend it until it have more functionality/content."
,Recommended,324510,17175259,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,XKPRiggz,"So my recommendation comes with some good and some not-so-good:First the good:The concept is awesome. If this game meets all the promises made by the devs, it will be the best voxel game on the market. Period. Look at the concept art. Look at the dev pipeline. Multiple races and classes, magic weapons and items, giant roving baddies, and a full crafting and voxel building system! We're talking elements of Minecraft, WoW, and Shadow of the Colossus all in one game.The graphics are great!The interconnected portals are a good approach to a multiserver based game. Each server is it's own biome, so inter portal travel will be an important part of the game to acquire certain resources or blocks.You have a freaking grappling hook!They recently added a chisel tool for the creation of shaped blocks. The system before was confusing and clunky. The tool makes it an actual physical interaction that grounds shaped blocks into the lore of the game.Backers get a say in the developement process through surveys about once a quarter.Ok, now the not-so-good:The asking price for the game is pretty high for the level of development it's at. I paid it, but I think the devs might get more backers if they made a couple of  pledge packages priced below the 35$ mark that still allowed access to the game. I think a lot of people are weary of paying a high cost for an incomplete game, especially with the risk of the devs abandoning the game.There are NO models in the game except for 2-3 unanimated placeholder mobs and a torch; but no PC models (your toon is just an orange cude), tool models, or weapon models. Development on this game has been slow (none of the features I mentioned earier are actually IN the game yet) and while they release updates on regular basis, they are small (usually hotfixes) and don't really contain any major content changes.As I said before, the graphics in the game are great, but nothing you can't get in MC with the right mods. Depth of field is way to shallow and I keep it turned off.Not really much to do at this point. Crafting is basically non-existant and there's no real adventure element as of now. You can walk around, use your grappling hook, mine some blocks and if you're really patient, you can create some cool stuff like you've seen in the videos. But I personally can't stay on for more than 10-20 minutes or so. It's an MMO, but the multiple servers mean that the people who are online are spread pretty thin, so it's unlikely to encounter another player.All in all, this game shows a lot of promise and if you're a patient and committed backer who is excited about the vision of the game, then pay the money and get a say in the process. If you're impatient and want a complete game,  then look elsewhere or mod the hell out of Minecraft. As for me, I believe the devs are working as best as they can on this very ambitous project and I'll continue to check in from time to time and hope the funding picks up enough for them to hire a few more people to speed up the process."
,Not Recommended,324510,16045591,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,lazersgm,This game looks great. the videos are wonderful. the game it self looks wonderful and runs great. but calling this a game at the moment is a mistake. there is nothing to do. barely anything to make. you are a green block and all the resources are none descript colored blocks. even the numbers of items in a stack don't show. the game is not even fully funded so who knows if you will get a game for your money. at the moment they call it a prototype and i myself think they should not be on steam yet. i have paid for a lot of early games but out of all of them this is the least developed.
76561198043092853,Recommended,324510,13020689,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Notorious,This game doesn't have much to do right now but the features to come are very promising. and i have seen some amazing creations in the game. Honestly i'm so hyped for this game and you should be to!
,Recommended,324510,31216696,Posted: 18 April,all,KOGISA,"Well, I will write down some ideas that might help you either buy this game or not, your choice :DIf you like playing Minecraft or other Sandbox games where you can build, explore and play with other, you will like this.There is also another thing since this is indeed an Online server-based game (MMO), you will spend more time gathering stuff than you normally would in a non-MMO game like Minecraft, so you can assume that getting to end game would take longer also.Currently, the game looks awesome and it is not even in its finished state at the time of writing.Most items and biomes look very polished and well made.The Devs are very active at forums, so if you like to contribute with ideas and other stuff like backing the game, I'm sure they will listen and be very appreciative.Personally, i haven't played way too much of this as I am still waiting for the game to reach a certain point, but there is already allot of small towns and settlements where you can try this with others :)I hope this helped explain how this game is and is shaping to be a great MMO sandbox game where you can let your creativity go wild."
76561198086494997,Recommended,324510,18858407,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ChowChowthePig,"I can't really give a review because I haven't played that long but I will tell you something I found while reading the reviews. All the negative reviews I found were before these big updates.It is 10:38 pm, 11-6-15.I was trying to find a place to get stone and found a convenient looking cave. I went running and jumped right into the cave, or what I thought was the cave, and started falling. I switched to my hook shot and grabbed the wall of the deep hole. While I was dangling from the side of the hole, I crafted a second hook shot, used a technique of making my way up (that I learned from watching a Squidgy youtube video) and safely made it out of the hole.This happended on the world Hawig.PS. where is everybody?"
,Recommended,324510,16196083,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Selzyr,"Really early Dev on this one, but if you enjoy MC(Minecraft) but with better graphics and a decent Engine that does not go ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you turn on the lights, this is for ye, be sure to remember, Pre-Alpha, there's still A LOT to be implemented but the developers LISTEN to the community and want to make a great game.Give them your support, these guys deserve it."
,Recommended,324510,13280707,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,vindslav,"I am pleased with my purchase of Oort. It has the foundations to be a spectacular game. However, it is not yet that game, and if people are looking for instant gratification over, essentially funding the development of the game, it would be wise to look else where.Hopefully though, you will return when the game reaches its release. It is spectacular what they have to offer so far, and it shall be utterly amazing once it reaches its end of development."
,Recommended,324510,34359418,Posted: 19 August,all,Grimm Liberty,"Bought it back in the day, when it was called Oort Online. It was stagnate back then. The reDo is much better.This is a mix of many games, such as Minecraft, Portal Knights, No Man's Sky, and Creativerse.However, it is it's own thing too. I like that.The lack of tutorial was funny, by I wish I could start over after learning of some minor mistakes.I have only found a couple of minor issues.Keybinds mostly remap. Some do not, though you can manually figure it out.The world population is low on the server and world I joined. I saw one person in three hours.Beyond that, the music(I normally shut it of, ESPECIALLY in survival games) was very nice. The graphics are diverse and bountiful, with a semi-cartoony feel that means it will age well. The objects make sense. The components make sense.(well as much sense as in ANY game where you whack trees, LOL) The Stoneslinger was Fun.Overall, I am glad I bought it back then, and kept an eye on it. It is still EA, but a superb product now. My only ""real"" concern is lack of population and advertisement budget plans for release, because it should be big, otherwise this sleeper of a game will hibernate."
,Recommended,324510,18894205,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kekahi,"I loved Minecraft and at first thought that this game would be very similar. I am happy to say I couldn't have been more wrong. Although this game is still pre-alpha I am stoked for the updates and features to come (trading, crafting, adventuring, fighting, the list goes on...). The graphics are one of the things that I find very impressive with this game. My iMac can't even run it at full graphics, looks like I'll have to build me a dedicated gaming rig for this :)."
76561198371728422,Recommended,324510,31255000,Posted: 20 April,all,knightsbr,"I actually have not played the game that long but I already like what I am experiencing. The gfx are beautiful, music kinda relaxing, ingame scenery is jaw dropping (at least to me). You do not have to take my word for it, just go to youtube and look for any of the more recent videos of gameplays being made. The community in there is quite friendly and helpful, at least from what I can read off the official forums. And, you do see some developers, or developer related people participating in the forums (obviously we do not want to see the coders and the artists of the game all over the forums too much of the time; the game will never be done that way).What I did not like were bugs and rubber banding, sometimes (to be expected due to the state of the game). The world is HUGE is a good thing, BUT I feel all alone (could be due to the time zones). The world is so HUGE that you can run around for hours and not see a single player housing ever (player housing is kinda mandatory, infact one of the quests was for you to find a spot to place your protected plot for your use. The other frustrating thing is probably the distribution of resources, its very much a grind to find some of the rarer stuff that you will need to complete a quest (don't expect to complete the quest to find 4 Ancient Tech Fragments within a couple of hours, you could if you are lucky), good thing is that it does make you feel like you are really questing. General MMO chat functions are somewhat lacking at the moment, hopefully the devs will have plans to put more in.Alot of the game is about building and crafting. If you take of exploring the world and the other worlds, you will come across some amazing creations that some of the players have made. However, the building aspects is just one part of the game. There is the collection part, the hunting part, the exploration, ""dungeon"" crawling (sorta but no creatures there atm), and the boss/titan aspect, and some others mentioned in their devblogs that I do not compeletly understand as this point; in other words it has some depth.IF you are a RIFT Dimension addict, really seriously consider getting this (I was one of them). But, DO go look at the more recent game plays videos on youtube to judge for yourself."
76561198323713745,Recommended,324510,30796133,Posted: 28 March,all,Bugemann,Ey. It´s pretty good
76561198046599361,Recommended,324510,34619795,Posted: 30 August,all,Valikraz,"This game is amazing. Yes, it's vast and you may not see anyone for a long while. Yes, you have to level up to unlock the really cool stuff. Yes, this game requires patience and effort, you're not given the ability to craft everything all at once.I've found Boundless to be relaxing and peaceful. Wandering around the world and finding structures built by other players is fun. You will discover entire cities built by players, each building a work of art unto itself.Boundlesscrafting.comis your friend. You craft bonfires, and beacons to claim plots of land and you have a limited number of plots at the beginning of the game. You must also fuel your fires to keep your claim This is very easy to do with a few trees (the leaves) and you can max your beacons out with a 12 weeks countdown timer within an hour at most.The plot system prevents others from messing with anything within your territory. Anything in the wild (outside of a plot) will revert to an unaltered state after 13 hours, thus keeping the world from looking like a wasteland.Player driven economy, players make everything and set their own prices. Coins are earned via completing objectives.FIND THE HUB. I forgot what planet it's on though.. Once you find the HUB you'll have access to all planets via portals and can planet hop at will. You can stand on all 12 planets within the same 60 seconds in theory. Find some land near a portal city and post up, HUB sees lots of traffic and will keep you touch will players.Probably the best community I've ever seen in an MMO."
,Recommended,324510,34246480,Posted: 14 August,all,TechStomper,"Honestly This game is FUN but there are some problems with it (nothing game killing just a tad annoying)for those that love WOW, in this game THE GRIND IS REAL xD i have been playing for a bit now atleast 2 hours a day for about 3 weeks now? and i JUST got into bulk crafting and just getting into a bunch of crafting recipes. if you play alone this game is 10x harder to gather and to level and such xD So i would suggest playing with friendsThis game is amazing and I cannot wait to see where it goes!"
,Recommended,324510,30970172,Posted: 5 April,all,CoTuK,"A game with big and successful future. Amazing forum activity from devs side. At the moment not much to do in the game, but soon 1.0 will be realeased and the game will be ready for your playhours.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Сейчас игра сырая, когда будет релиз 1.0 версии, а он в этом году- будет афигенная игра типа minecraft + starbound + MMORPG. Советую для покупки."
,Recommended,324510,14554166,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Toru,Okay. Leave it a while before buying unless you're simply attempting to support.
,Recommended,324510,12937392,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,droopyloaf,"I've been following Oort since the concept trailer.  This game is really something else.  For those privy, this engine, is built on HTML 5 the dev's have done great things.  I'm a bit of a Voxel enthusiast, and this, in it's early state, is shaping up to be THE BEST Voxel Game I have played.  What they have for lore, and gameplay planned is great, and I can't wait to play!A run-down of features;Right now, you can only build and adventure, but that's okay.  There's TON to explore and infinite possibilities with building.The devs have added a grappling hook. Yes.  A freaking grappling hook.  It is one of my favorite features as of now.Support this AMAZING team and pick up a copy, this game is going places."
,Not Recommended,324510,30676318,Posted: 22 March,all,Ero,"This game is hard to review. I want to play it but everytime I do, I feel like there is a few walls I have to get over and it doesn't feel Boundless. The cooldown timers for items that you have to make seems to make the game drag quite a bit. The UI has some glitches that cut elements off when you scroll all the way to the bottom of a menu for me at least. The game seems beautiful with every graphical thing turned on. The only thing I recommend is to turn off the Blume. It's kind of distracting. The sound effects need to be turned way down to not be so intense in the game. It doesn't punish you if you die which is good. I don't want to give it a thumbs down but I can't recommend this game to the average user till they get a few things fixed in it. It's a love hate relationship at this point. It's not worth spending $34.99 for this. Maybe if they lowered it to a $19.99 price point, it might be worth it."
76561198057938299,Recommended,324510,22125325,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,feldraiel,"Okay, I'm just gonna put this out here because most(MOST) of the negative reviews are from idiots who didn't get one simple caveat when buying the game:IT'S IN ♥♥♥♥ING PRE-ALPHA.It's bare, there's not a lot of people to see but you'll see their work, connection can be choppy at times. Not all the recipies are there, and there's a huge chance I ♥♥♥♥ing die from falling off a cliff. Yes, it's been in production for a long ♥♥♥♥ing time and now Sony is breathing some life into this. It HAS potential. But that potential for serious fun is just that, potential.Because it's not a finished game, not in the least.If you WANT to ♥♥♥♥ around with a pre-alpha game, buy it. Buy it if you want to support the project. You might get burned, maybe not. Probably not to the extent of Starforge...I hope. But if you want a game that has everything ready for you and is full of people, wait til at least Beta or the official release."
76561198372325577,Recommended,324510,35092516,Posted: 20 September,all,hazar_bon,"Amazing Game! loving it so far!That being said if you don't like early access i would recommend waiting till the full release.ProsMinecraft gone MMO (awesome player community check out the official Boundless forums!)Portals!  Connect locations far and near ether on the same planet/server or any of the 12 plants/servers currently liveDecent crafting/tool progression and complexity without getting too crazyLevel up system and skill tree to customize your character with faster swing times, power/damage, health regen,higher jumps, advanced crafting recipes and morePlot system protects your builds, items, and materials from other players and world regeneration! system is complete with permissions to grant friends varying levels of rights to your builds, crafting machines, and items.World Regen.  All changes made to the world regenerate after about 13 hours to maintain the natural beauty of the worlds and ensure resources will always be available (things like ore and coal are randomized and come back slower than the basic blocks (rock gravel dirt etc)Hyperactive devs keep a close watch on the community and take their feedback and suggestions seriously… and they play their own game!NeutralEarly Access: the game is in development and as such there are bugs from time to time.  Aspects of the game have not been balanced yet (amount of exp for actions, crafting recipes, to name some)  however i’ve had no game breaking issues so far and i personally love playing games that steadily evolve over timeCONS:Lag- the game is still being optimized for both local and network performance… depending on your lactation and what server you are playing on (US East/West, EU, & Australia) will very your resultsOnline only!  Currently there is no option to play offline or privately… privately ran and rentable severs are planned after launch howeverNetwork connection is practically the number one game affecting spec… the game can run on just about any Pc/Mac but if you don’t have a decent broadband connection… your life in Boundless may not be very enjoyable.Getting started (leveling) is a tad slow atm.  As you get more skill points this improves but if you like to “rush to max level” then you’ll probably get frustrated… good news: just about everything you do gives exp so you can mostly just do whatever you find fun and level.The Player base is still on the small side and spread over many time zones… finding a community that is active during your play time can be tricky till you become familiar with the worlds/severs (but they are also some of the friendliest players ive met in any game)"
76561198132362314,Recommended,324510,33424343,Posted: 10 July,all,Chunterosa,"I'm slowly building my way up to a gaming pc.  right now, I'm actually only using 6 gigs of ram and this game is very playable.rocking a 965 cpu and a 1050ti gpu.  in cities, I lag down to 20+ fps, but still very playable and super super fun as I'm mostly just mining and building my tower.the freedom in this game is highly enjoyable. if you want to build, then build.  if you want to buy/sell, then go out and sell, if you want to creature hunt, that's on the table too.   find a nice city and explore, find some portals and kill some flying octopi with flames shooting out of their mouths.  it's really up to you to find your path in this grand universe."
,Recommended,324510,32067975,Posted: 30 May,all,Toxip,"I initially gave a negative review but after giving it a bit more time I think I can change this to a positive one. After an initial frustration with the slow mining speed, crafting and resource distribution, things have started to change for the better on the testing server which is soon to hit live and finding a good source of iron made things a bit more bearable before the new update comes in. Also the helpful community makes it more fun to play when people share information and resources with you. New skills will make mining much faster and updated gem tools with multiple block break effects will make it much more bearable.Experience on live server:GoodRich landscapes are very pleasing to explore and beautiful graphics to accompany it all. Doesn't make your eyes bleed like Minecraft graphics.Chisel system opens up a lot of new possibilities for buildersWorlds connected by portals create a truly global experience. You can meet and play with people from all over the world!Open sandbox world all built by players, economies ran by players make a truly unique MMO experience first time in this genre.NeutralCrafting is slow but mass crafting and careful planning makes it bearable. Also teaming up and pooling resources helps.Not much to do but it's still pre-alpha so I understand.Mining is quite slow but once you find a good source of iron you can speed things up with iron tools. Also upcoming update to gem tools will make them more worth your while with effects like break two blocks vertically or 3 block horizontally. Will stayBadFinding certain gems is a bit too hard. Currently gems like Ruby and Diamond are fairly easy to find but Emerald and Amethyst for instance are more scarce. It does make sense for them to be rare but some fine tuning still needed on this sector to make it not too easy but not too hard to find either."
,Recommended,324510,33560588,Posted: 15 July,all,Woe,"I'm usually not that good with reviews for games, so don't expect this to be very detailed.I have played the game for a decent amount of time and have come to the conclusion that the game is amazing even at it's current stage. I can see some possible improvements and fixes yet the game still compells me to keep playing when I know that it is not at it's best yet. For anyone watching the game (like I have been for a year) I recommend that you buy the game. You will definitely get your money's worth."
76561198026776383,Recommended,324510,33798093,Posted: 25 July,all,Rawr,This game has amazing potential. Buy it.Even at Early Access stage this game is enjoyable. I think its going to destroy minecraft.
76561198057030541,Recommended,324510,19056779,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,NO MERCY,"Although this game is in early access i love this game already and i have high hopes for it in the future, i think that when this game is finished it will become one of the greatest games ever made and also one of my favourites. :)"
,Recommended,324510,18897700,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Godfrey Havok,the devs are very active in the forums and it looks amazing so far i think it has great potential really liking the comunity votes as well
,Recommended,324510,13879788,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tommy-Trinder,"This review is for a very early version of the game and I shall update the review as major updates are introduced.Oort online is one of the best games to come out of Early access for a long time. Although it pains me to do it I have to compare it to Minecraft in it's basic gameplay, that being voxal and building. However unlike Minecraft the look of the game is much what you would expect from a modern game. While that gives you a great explination of the basic resource gathering and construction mechanics it doesn't give you even a glimer into the way the game really works so I will try to.The game is split into servers which are called 'Worlds' and each world is very unique in the way it looks and the types of resources you can find there in. While often players will have a 'Homeworld' to stay in to construct whatever massive building or impressive landscapes it is really intresting and one of the best single features of the games to explore the other worlds to find diffrent blocks for your buildings. However while wondering around a world of ice and snow and then a forest of sky touching trees is amazing in itself one of the best experiences is stumbling across other peoples constructions. I wondered around a world and found a stone bridge followed the bridge which was huge going from the top of a mountain held up by massive stone pillers coming out of a lake. At the end of the bridge I reach a massive days-to-build castle built in a cathedral style with massive glass windows and a huge hall lit with lanterns and a glass ceiling from which the sun streamed through at the right point of the day, the whole thing visable from miles around.In one world you can find my Shinto Arch towering out of a watery world filled with lakes and mountains and at night the lanterns shimer, lighting it in the darkness.That if only that makes Oort online not only beautiful for its stunning landscapes but for the buildings others build adding to the overal experience of the game and with the features being planned and readily worked on (Players are kept updates on the work being done which is great) makes Oort online a must buy game even in it's early state.If you want to wait a bit longer for the game to have more of the freatures planned, add it to your wishlist but I would suggest buying the game right now and even if production stopped right now I would still get hours and hours of enjoyment out of the game easily.100/10. No joke."
,Recommended,324510,13009670,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/knewdisciple,"What Oort Online has to offer is very impressive, it's a gorgeous game with worlds of great variation to explore and build in. While it will inevitably draw comparisons to Minecraft because of the blocky nature of the game, and definitely draws inpiration from it, it is by NO means a rip-off. The game is very far from finished currently, (pre-alpha) and is actually aiming to be more of a rpg, with features like classes, guilds, raids etc. planned, but not in the game yet. I have little to no faults with the game even in it's pre-alpha state, but there's just currently not much to do aside from building and exploring, so as of writing this it won't be for everyone, but just take a look at some screenshots or gameplay and you'll see why I've played 50 hours since its release on Steam a week ago. Everything said, the dev team for this game seems very meticulous and committed, as 3 very minor updates have dropped in the week I've had it, (small bugfixes and even a lighting update to make it look how they wanted,) so I'm hopeful this game will reach it's true potential!"
76561198272997349,Recommended,324510,29952073,Posted: 15 February,all,arrcanus,"I don't normally write reviews for games, but when I do, it's for games that i believe have great promise.I invested in this game back in early 2015 (the year the game originally was intended to come out) and it got delayed because they wanted to finish it.I was worried about them not having enough funding to finish the game and their goals with it, but then they were bought by sony who wanted it for cross platform to ps4 and PC, which delayed it another year.Despite the delays (and the 120 dollars i spent for my account and some friends) I still feel it will be worth the money and the wait if they deliver on their promises.I believe they will deliver on their promises, as even in early access all the foundations are set for this to be an amazing game, and likely something I (and hopefully many other people) will be very addicted to.This review is mostly because I want to help them get their mixed reviews up to positive so that they stand a better chance of being noticed. The delays weren't their faults, they just wanted to make the best game they could and not rush it out the door."
,Not Recommended,324510,14874298,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Syd,"Trailer totally misleading, not crafting, foes, or people on the servers. Totally not worth any purchase yet."
76561198071894016,Not Recommended,324510,24382842,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,HentaiFap,"My last review was around a year ago and some people were kinda hating on it for lack of content was one of the points in an early acces review.Now so much time has passed and only a handfull of things changed with full release far out of sight.pros /changes:- it is improving slowly but surely- spawn with blocks and tools now- new crafting menu/ crossbow- character not  a orange block anymore !- mobs drop meat now- keybindings !- game seems a bit more stablecons/ changes or things still not changed at all:-still same unpolished monsters-still same boring combat-still same cluncky movement and 1 blockjump-dead community-still not worth 1/3 of the full pricewich they said was gonna drop during development. more than a year later still € 32UPDATE: 5 oct 2016After one of the devs reacted on this review asking me to check out the new changes i decided to give it a try.Improvements i have seen so far:- Movement more fluid- More character models- Help and suggestions in crafting menu ( still needs work but it's there at least)- UI improvements- More settings- better beacon control to claim your spot in the worldStill alot i need to see and check out. warping/ other worlds / full crafting system/ recources, ... etcSo on to the negatives/ things that haven't been adressed / improved yet- Still 1 block jump instead of 2 ( don't know why, so frustrating when you are used to having a 2 block jump in most voxel games.- combat ( melee at least) is pretty much non existant- crafting UI/ inventory was improved but still lacks and feels cluncky to use- mining blocks makes them glitch out a little and isn't in sink with sound/ animationWill be playing some more in the next few days and add points to the positives/ negativesA finished game is still a way off but, improvements have been madeIf the devs change the price like they stated quite a long time ago...To something like €20/$ or whatever i'll recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,324510,13795892,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dood,I really like the look and feel of the game and i can't wait for more updates and the community to grow but as it stands there isn't much in the game if you'd like to support the develpment and production of the future of ort then by all means buy it.
,Recommended,324510,35452123,Posted: 3 October,all,AJ1AJ,"As a fan of most voxel based sandbox games, i bought this game specifically for the chisel tool because of the high amount of block shapes you could use to build things.Its definitely a great game for me, even if its still early access right now and finding players is difficult."
76561198318789070,Recommended,324510,35460529,Posted: 3 October,all,laser_beam02,"while ther are some negative reviews, about waiting till later, those were made so long ago that many don't reflect the current game, true there is still a lack of many features the game has come a long way since then and if you are unsure check the Boundless forums and have a look at the posts made by people there to help make up your mind.the game also looks amazing on max settings along as you have a computer that can run the game."
,Recommended,324510,30865166,Posted: 31 March,all,ZION,"So what is boundless?Well to me it is my favorite game, although that doesn't entirely answer the question, what is it about you may be wondering?Boundless is a game of adventure, exploration, and genuine creativity, where you get to design and develop amazing structures.It is very graphically appealing and the gameplay is wonderful.You start out with nothing, but that doesn't mean you don't have the potential to create everything.The game lives up to its name, you are boundless, whether you are deciding to play with others or by yourself, the opporuntities presented in this game to have a good time are endless, as you explore, trade, craft, and build you'll discover that your intution for creativity has had its horizon expanded and that you can dwelve into the game for hours designing your own masterpieces as to share them with the world to marvle at your genius craftsmanship.The game is wonderful in that way.Although there are some negative conations that follow the game, that actually happen to be true.The player base is limited, although despite that it is of very high quality, rich with creative enthusiasts.The community is powered by friendship and it boasts a friendly environment to invite you to itself, it welcome’s you with open arms and happily helps you get started on your own adventure.I truly love this game, and my wish for this game is that others will too, for it is certainly worthy of affection."
76561197971179059,Recommended,324510,30894979,Posted: 2 April,all,B()NE,"I have been watching the game for a while now, it used to be called Oort and looked very interesting. So after a few years I noticed this on my wish list again and it appeared to be still alive and being actively worked on, I was looking for a building game to relax with and took the chance to buy it and check it out for myself rather than watch gameplay vids.I must say that it is visually one of the best looking voxel games I have ever seen with a nice art style. The sound and music is very well done and fits the world perfectly so you get some nice moments while exploring when the sound and music just fits perfectly with the vistas around you.It's a gather/craft game that has so many recipies and machine build chains that its a bit daunting at first, the lack of information available can be annoying but this is early access and stuff changes anyway. The lore is good, and the theme is more about ancient technology discovery and using that to progress rathger than magic/classic fantasy style, I am finding some aspects of progression hard though, like finding certain extremley rare crafting materials that never seem  to spawn , hours of searching and Im still looking, so it's not an easy game that just hands everything to you, which I quite like.If you are interested in voxel style build and survive games with a unique twist I'd recommend this game, although it seems to be much more aimed towards community coop playstyles than the solo player due to the time it takes to get things made and constructed, I like the fact you can't just repair tools, once they are gone they are gone, some people may not like this type of grind, but it's not as bad as you think, especially in lower tiers.Right now it's awaiting some large updates due to an impending release, so jumping in now to learn the game and get a feel for it should be on your mind as I suspect server wipes are coming. I am really hoping that my friends get into this later as it would be perfect with a good active community. Right now it seems a bit quiet on the European server I play on but I suspect most of the vets are holding off any serious play until the updates come.Over all I enjoy playing and look forward to more!"
,Recommended,324510,34245851,Posted: 14 August,all,[TBAC] Insert Coins [Link],"if you are looking for a relaxing sandbox in which you can craft build and explore, this is for you !so lush to look at , runs smooth , the way its going is very good ."
,Recommended,324510,34238793,Posted: 14 August,all,CaliSuperman,"As a big fan of Minecraft, my first draw to this game was the Minecraft-esque feel this game was advertising. Survival voxel open world where you can build stuff and explore deep dark caves. After having played it for an admittedly few hours, I find myself enjoying it quite a bit. It's much more refined than the typical Minecraft experience but it has a lot of areas to improve on.For starters, the objectives system is great. The one thing I and many others desire in Minecraft is direction. Sure we can build to our hearts content, but the objectives give us something to aim for, almost like a quest system. It's great but after just a few hours you really start to hit a hard roadblock in terms of advancing. You have to gain access to deep recipe tiers that require many levels, but the experience grind seems far too slow for opening up recipe tiers. You too quickly lose that desire to go further because the goal seems too hard to reach. Overall, though, I really like the system and imagine the balance curve will get ironed out before full launch.The second thing I love is the character advancement. It is truly deep - like MMOG deep. It's almost dauntingly deep, in fact. I feel like the experience gain rate needs to be dramatically increased if you even hope to get halfway through the advancement tiers, let alone ""max out"" your character. Granted, the devs may be intending people to band together and specialize in certain advancement, but, let's be honest, so many people play online games like a single player game this concept doesn't always succeed - instead it leads to people getting frustrated and unable to advance at an acceptable rate and quit the game. Regardless, I love the system. With a little increase to experience gains I think it will be a game changer in the voxel, open world game scene.On top of it all, the game has a great art direction and is quite pretty at times. It runs a smooth 60 FPS on my system except when I enter the flashy player-made cities (the fact that we have player made cities is awesome in and of itself!).Overall, my only complaint is the rate of experience gained - it's seems just a bit too slow. Or maybe I just haven't found the big experience gains out there yet. Either way, this game shows a lot of promise and hopefully starts to pick up a big audience - because Boundless feels a bit empty right now."
,Recommended,324510,19039738,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Yolstramir,"I willl admit that in its early stages, it is lacking many core features that will make it a good game, but already I love it! There's always a sense of exploration in this ever-growing game and I can't wait to see what else is in store for the future of Boundless."
76561197982660703,Recommended,324510,34428164,Posted: 22 August,all,Everlord,"So far I am enjoying the game.  Its possible that I am just not far enough along but it really is seeming more and more like a minecraft clone with some added features of leveling and skills.  At first the crafting system was difficult but after learning it, it seemed fine.  Then more time passed and now it just seems tedious and annoying.  I do enjoy it so far and it is beutiful but as far as multiplayer experiences go in two days I have interacted with one other person (super nice and helped out) but still I was hoping to see more people and less randomly locked homes with no one around.  The learning curve is there as the missions start to help then drastically go from basic to now you need to find this stuff in carverns but by the way you need a grapple to get back up and you can't build that till you get the stuff from the carnverns you go into or luckly find it spawn near the surface in high enough quantities.To be fair its a good game, the price is too high currently, but its a good game with potential.  Notice a trend in these reviews...potential.  Its got alot to do but seeing all these giant buildings and no players is giving me the feeling that it will level off and at that point people just stop playing.  Still it is a good game and I'm sure it will only get better with time."
,Recommended,324510,34238576,Posted: 14 August,all,willcrutchley,"I purchased this game just over a month ago, and absolutely love it. I originally purchased it as I was bored of minecraft and was looking for similar games. When I picked up boundless it was so much more than a Minecraft clone. It boasts many awesome features like the different worlds, the terrain generation as a whole, the portal system and the tiered mobs and resources. My favourite thing by far however is the community behind this game at the moment. Everyone is so welcoming and there are plenty of shops and portal networks that have been made. There is even an event at the moment which is a community organised competition.Overall, I love this game and the rich feature-set which is improved by the amazing community. I would recommend it to anyone, especially while the sale is on!!"
,Recommended,324510,33352012,Posted: 7 July,all,biomes,great game my favorite sandbox/mmo game ever. This is as good as it gets for a open world game in my opinion.
76561198094313352,Not Recommended,324510,25424486,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,pala0815,"""BOUNDLESS IS CURRENTLY IN PRE-ALPHA..."" yes, since November 2014 and nothing happens!"
,Recommended,324510,18737624,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,GojaMonkeyKing,"Needs a decent amount of work and improvements but seems to have the makings of a great game even for such a brave gere apeal of MMO/RPG/SANDBOX all wrapped into one hidden gem of a gaming venture. The game still being early access I've done my part to check back in from time to time, and while progress has been notibly of slow at first I can happily say that lately I have definently been seeing some long-awaited improvements. As of now it's still a little buggy and has not lead up to where it needs to be for it to be welcomed as a complete and well polished game, expecially since it is set to contend with the countless other open-world, mmo, sandbox builders as what is comonly mentioned as a prettier minecraft with some flashier features and buttions. I'd say that Oort Online or Boundless could deffinently turn this around to being a pretty awe inspiring game. If more work had been done before thier release to the market even as a early access game I think the reviews would reflect what few who have kept up with the development can deny is a very high potential game."
,Recommended,324510,35079908,Posted: 20 September,all,houdhakker2,really cool game withan ausome comunity
76561198003056348,Not Recommended,324510,34330283,Posted: 18 August,all,weaverchilde,"Pro: It looks great, I love the style. the world hub idea is fantastic and has a lot of potential (some day).Con: What a painful slog to deal with the progression and skill system.I have no problem putting in tons of hours to get to the heart of the game. The amound of hours I have logged in FTB: Infinity borders on a cry for help... and I could only put in 13hrs for this game before I was just sick of it. I really could not see myself putting in more time for something that was just not fun. The lack of early storage paired with the leveling system hard locking your ability to progress was just too much.NOTE: I disliked the game so much, that I evened asked for a refund... shame I wasted so much time (13hrs) trying to give it fair chance because it took me past Steams ever so generous 2hour limit.Maybe in a couple of years I will get lucky and this game will be worth the effort, in the mean time I am out $50"
,Recommended,324510,13021076,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Doommoose22,"So far I like it, and actually pretty amazed at it from a technical standpoint. the dynamic lighting is smooth while holding your torch in hand, though it could be brighter when placed. grappling hook is amazingly fun and actually carries most of your momentum which can lead to a painful splatter against the side of a mountain if you mess up a jump... day and night transfer is really smooth. only thing is the game can be a little jittery at times, but that may just be me pushing my rig a bit too far. all in all i'm gonna give this a pending/10 since it is fairly new and not many features have made it in, but the game looks extremely promising."
76561198033755040,Not Recommended,324510,34378977,Posted: 20 August,all,Cik,"Being marketed as a sand and persistent, it is not in the truest sense:Officially, Boundless is marketed as...- sand box:http://i.imgur.com/Lwuj80E.jpg- persistent:https://image.ibb.co/cG694F/Boundless_persistent.jpgToo many people are attracted to a new-car smell and window-dressing, turning a blind-eye to the lack of sandbox and persistence, and how awkwardly grindy, yet limited, the breadth and depth of the game-play mechanics are.I don't recommend it.Creativerse is free and does it better, which also enables community servers without the constrained adventuring and progression restrictions ofOortBoundless.  I don't think many consumers need a $35 Creativerse, which amounts to a crude lego building-block game with glitter; again, just my opinion after my experience.After buying into the discount, Quarter of my time is spent trying to decipher the crafting and skill-gain mechanics; it’s not intuitive and feels restrictive to game-play advancement, as I’m not a mmo questing enthusiast, but a sandbox unrestrictive take-your-own path enthusiast. Content is locked behind an arduous progression wall that feels and plays awkwardly, not to mention it is not fun, but painstakingly slow.Another 1/4 of my time is spent being held hostage at my computer screen waiting for simple crafting such as sticks, wood, stairs to run their crafting time course of 10-15 seconds for each item, which adds up to a very unnecessary time-sink. Then I built a furnace, which isn't intuitive, and cooking a piece of meat was ~2 1/2 minutes. Really? Not fun.The other half of my time is resource gathering and exploring so I can spend more time trying to decipher the unintuitive and rigid crafting and skill progression, while i wait again for basic materials to be churned-out by my simple crafting table.Dont get me started on inventory...about 8 slots, and again, god knows if increasing it on your character is somewhere in the 'skill-tree', buried behind a skill achievement grind-wall, as with everything else.  So everyones inventory consists of (for the most-part) an axe, shovel, pick, crossbow -- there's 4 slots -- and what about the sand, dirt, wood, rock, ore, meat, fossils, lard, flowers you want...tough...you can't craft a backpack, and your adventuring to want to 'collect' a variety of things is hampered. Sigh...so lets make a stone storage bin...ok...I'm into storage, or really really have to be because of the variety of things I need to collect to create, build, etc.  So we progress to follow the quest to make a stone storage bin, and not only is it as big as a block, because it is, i about cry when i place it down...lol.  4 slots.  4 -- 4 -- fricken 4.  4 itsey-bitsey compartments.  Great; not.  Yes, I can make another 4 and stack them to increase the 2x2 (4) storage crappy thing into a 2x4 (8) storage, and continue-on...but now I'm crating a base out of storage boxes...this is rediculous.Let me get distracted with something else in this so-called sandbox.So i create a mote around my stone base floor...the outside of it so that creatures don't haphazardly wander onto my floor.  I log-out and come back the next day, and all the dirt encircling my base floor has re-spawned...the dirt landscape has re-spawned where I intentionally removed it...jesus, now I have to re-dig it up, but wait a minute...what happened to my 60-level deep mine I mined yesterday?  The rocks that I mined to get to a cavern below have re-spawned; my quarry ruined because the raw materials regenerated while i was off-line and completely shut me out.  Either this is or isn't a sandbox; my thinking is that it isn't.  Any environment, say you explore away from your measly “plot” and dig-down outside of it, spend time making stairs to this 60-level down cave you’ve found and want to explore, within 13 hours or-so of you’re progress of exploring and cave-diving will be lost, because the environment respawns.The game in its current state has no appeal for someone that was engrossed in sandbox modded minecraft, imho, but which I was hoping it was what I was getting; though I couldn't have been more wrong."
,Recommended,324510,13024666,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,RhythmGhost,Looking forward to what it might become.
76561198118209342,Recommended,324510,14246778,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Cameroff,"Great game. Its fun, good looking, runs smooth on my computer, and is pretty much the same as minecraft. I think you should give the game a chance, just like you did with minecraft, even though its in the early stage and kind of empty. Right now, I dont think it is worth $35, because in spring it'll be about $25 and in summer it may be close to $15.Overview:Ok, so the game looks absolutely amazing. It has slanted blocks, and normal blocks that spawn naturally have slopes so they look abstract. In later updates, they plan to add stuff like: players wont be orange blobs (you get 6 races to choose and customize), they will add animals, along with guardians, monsters, and titans (the titans will be really huge and probs crash your computer), and a weird cross breeding system between animals.The only thing that i dont like about the game is that I have'nt seen one player. AT ALL. Also there's supposed to be some background story that will require you to explore ancient buildings (will be added). Anyways, the game is nice, i like it, and i just wish there were more players."
,Recommended,324510,13049015,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,*SoGz*Gabriel,!!!BEST GAME EVER!!! needs more work but is good at the stage that it is:)
76561198114728679,Recommended,324510,12942521,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,EasyToFind,"Is a good game considering the stage of build. Lacks information on blocks, and the inventory system as a result suffers, in addition to some other issues that I believe will be resolved in due time.Good job, and keep up the good work."
,Recommended,324510,25997061,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SpiritMIA,"DONT KNOW IF BUY THIS GAME? - This is for you!This game it worth every dollar that you expended. I dont trust on alpha or early acces anymore but this game made me trust back again. A Minecraft for adults made WAY BETTER.. thats how i feel it also way dif than minecraft.One thing that i really love of this game is that the devs are very active working on it plus sharing all the progress they are working on. Join the boundless forum and not  steam forum its the first step you may do. Just search for Boundless forum on google. Also if you need a crafting guide just search for a website named boundles crafting.If you like to explore, to build, to fight, to discover new places and new things , the adventure, planets and to made new friends...this game is for you.  Also no secrets no surprises they share everything that is in process every week.For real I wish all the games i had have the same developer team and community like this one. .Thank you"
76561198127249400,Recommended,324510,23599258,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DragonKing303™,"A Recent update to the game has made this game playable for most south Africans, unfortunatly I don't know if they ment to do that or if it was a side effect but now I play the game almost everydayKeep up the good work devs and Every steam user will be chatting about this game to have evr exsisted. So far I enjoy the game, people are friendly noone but friends can troll your base u can display items without having to worry about being robbed, all in all it'a the perfect game, however I still get to the 1800 ms mark for 5 min but that's fine, becuase now it only happens when i'm near portals and or other player's beacons, and no that's not FPS drop.  But Great job devs on a scal of 1 - 10 I give you a 11 just becuase I can now play the game in South Africa /\ _ /\."
76561198036569233,Recommended,324510,35403647,Posted: 1 October,all,AwEsOm_O_3000,"Finally the almost perfect game! Chat is a bit hoaky, but it's an early game. Already ahead of millions of other games and thousands of voxel world survival game. Planet jumping, mmo, little stores, HUGE worlds, and very few bugs. Neat crafting system. Cool alien humanoid and animal designs. Tons of possibilites with the diff tools to create anything.Still being developed and nothing game breaking. Pretty cool feat. You can read the description, so I am just telling the experience. the player base is SUPER helpful and friendly. The chat systemis lame, and they are worlking on it. Jumping planets, hubs, other ppl, portals, already super fun, and I cannot get enough."
,Recommended,324510,35503893,Posted: 5 October,all,llarkin,besides constant connections issues with the server this is a AAA game in my book. Asuming the connection issues will be worked out by the time of release. I will be playing this during launch so if it has the same issues I will change my rating accordingly.
76561198042701643,Recommended,324510,25103993,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Barney Lee,PLEASE NOTE - i previously owned this game (approx 7 months agao) - back then i was dissapointed and asked to be refunded -I have sicne repurchased this game and this is a new review (i have deleted the old negative one)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I am suprised upon how much has changed and the promises that have been kept to from 7 months ago - admittedly back then i should have given this game more of a chane - but this is not about *Back then* this is about *today* and the reason why i now recomend this game -Ok so first off - the dev *Luke* and team have kept to a few things they said they would do (the game now reflects what you see in the trailers  - where as last time i experienced this game it was *no where near* what you se ein the videos) -as i say this has now changed and because of this this is one reason it is possative-Mechanics - It can be very confusing to a *fresh noob* (even thoughas i say i have played before - a LOT has changed) - although once used to it it will be very intuative - (just watch a tutorial - experiment and you will *get it*) - this is a *neutral point*Graphics - although not much has changed graphically it does appear to seem a bit more *polished and stable* - i exxpect this is due to the fact of the updates etc - this is a possative (i have a crappy GTX 460 (725 MB) annd it plays veery smooth on medium (*back then it was a bit more cluncky/laggy) - another possativePlayer/server interaction - *currently due to *current* experience (and maybe time of day on EU) there is *no* player interaction at all (on Therka) - this is neutral (as i say EU and maybe due to time of day)Server (portals etc) - i find this to be a difficult mechanic to get used to - as i say - beyond the *tutorial in space* you are *thrown to the wolves... i mean Spitters* :P - i beleive the dev should add a tutorial (or more) to how the portals work/how to make them ***also once you have chosen your server - you are forever bound to it - unless you craft another portal etc*** - this reason is why i am giving this point a ngeativeMobs -(enimes/spitters etc) - when going through the first portal to leave tutorial - as i say you are thrown to the spitters - quite literally - you are on your own (unless there is server activity) - spitters *SPIT* hard and when all you have is a *totem* to hit them with it can be very hard to survive - this point gives it a negativePrice - (please bare in mine the devs need to make money so they can release this game) - currently even though what i say in the (...) is true i still think it is *slightly* overpriced at £26.99 - i beleive that if you could lower this to £20/have sales more often then maybe more people would like to buy (no offence meant here - personal opinion only) - this is going to be a neutral point (as ststed still in dev mode = needs cash)Overall - Going by what i have written above - what i have experienced (changes etc) since refundinglast time i would rate this game as 7-8.5/10 - the only reason it is low currently is due to the negative points above -PLEASE NOTE - what is written above is my personal opinion only and i AM reccomending this game to be purchased by others :)
76561198091087989,Recommended,324510,30890370,Posted: 1 April,all,davepopp1,"I don't think I can say anything that hasn't already been said about the details of this game so I'll keep it short. I'm a software developer and I'm completely amazed at what the devs have built here. To be able to look into another planet (server) through a portal is astounding. And being cross-play between PC and PS means I can play with my console fan friends.What gets me the most though is that, even though it's pre-alpha, I haven't found a single bug to report that hasn't already been reported. And the reported bugs aren't game breaking. Very minor IMO. This game runs very very smooth on a mediocre machine as well. If this game is this good now I think they will have a big hit on their hands when it releases with all of the outlined upcoming content.The game is amazing. The community is amazing. The frequency of the updates is amazing. I Highly recommend this game."
76561198068976567,Recommended,324510,33398464,Posted: 9 July,all,slywolf2016,7 hours in this game and im reallly enjoying it i really need more people to play with though highly recommend this game
,Recommended,324510,34274480,Posted: 16 August,all,Camo4th,"Boundless is an interesting gameMy first impressions are great.Love the UI and graphics.The tutorial seems fine, however i feel like the UI for the tutorial might need to be more 'obvious'.Sometimes the text is hard(er) to read."
,Recommended,324510,18906686,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Tuudi,"If your looking for a game that is finished or at polishing state, then I recommend to steer clear from Boundless and keep an eye on it, until the release of the version 1.0 and then revalidate if this still is the game for you.Now if your still reading and aren't afraid or in dislike of minor glitches to game crashing bugs, I would recommend buying Boundless to support the development. ""Why?"" you ask, well here is couple things I find worth it:The developer team is working actively together with the community and they also are polite around the table(so everyone is treated equally not just the people with the fat wallets or the most fanatic supporters of the game, very example behavior and showing they care about the community)You get to test and help work bugs out and make suggestions if you think the game needs something or there is something that could be improved onWhat comes to the game at its' current state, the experience is very smooth and stable for a pre-alpha release. As comes for features, there isn't yet much implemented besides most basics(movement, gathering, building, few tools, very basic combat) so in current state there isn't too much to do besides building, hunting couple different monsters and exploring the different planets.What is Boundless aiming to be when it's done? Boundless is aiming to be an open ended community run sandbox role-playing massively multiplayer game.Well that sounded awfully complex, how is Boundless going to achieve this? With very commited developer team that believes in their ability to make it a reality and the great input of the whole community around Boundless.So if you see the same potential this game has that I and everyone else who's bought in on it, I recommend you to go for it, but if you'd like to do a little more research before jumping on the bandwagon you should look more information on their offical web site and forums athttp://playboundless.com/."
76561198039937771,Recommended,324510,35222694,Posted: 26 September,all,Salletan,"I haven't written many reviews but I feel like I have to for this game. I am so impressed by what the developers and the players have accomplished. Granted, there are some issues like people's abandoned beacons taking all the ""good"" locations, but if you're willing to invest a bit of time, this game is totally worth it.The comparisons to minecraft are obvious, but what's really neat is the lore, and how they handle travel. I'm still impressed every time I go through a portal.If you're looking for a perfect game, they don't exist. If you want a fun crafting, building, exploring MMO, this is the game for you. I'm looking forward to seeing what else the developers come up with."
76561198014499163,Recommended,324510,18903330,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Orev,"I really love the art style of the game and the diverse atmosphere and environments of each world. I've made my home in Gortnen and I'm the only person who ever plays there. I don't know if other worlds are more populous, but I wish this game would become more popular.It's a really great start for the type of game that it is and I can't wait to see what happens later down the road."
76561198063425936,Recommended,324510,18969802,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,HoangJH,I think this game is going to be something special to the sandbox genre and I look forward to play the finished game with my guild/group
,Recommended,324510,18992070,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Phantom,"This game is so open that it will blow your mind. It has a very active developer group and they are always asking for player input and implementing changes right away.Seriously, buy this game now."
76561198027296938,Recommended,324510,19020665,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Jeff Vader,"Let's see.The game is beautiful, the servers are empty, it's really lonely.It's in pre-alpha and it's quite stiff.But I think, in time, this game will be briliant.If you want to buy it and play a massive mmo-voxel game and adventure, this is not the time to buy it.However, if you want to back them (which I think you should), you should buy it and have some patience!"
76561198220628859,Recommended,324510,32451443,Posted: 15 June,all,unicronl72l,i'm realy liking this game alot i played alot of sandbox games in the pass 2 weeks and i think i found my new home can't wait to see what they add next .... if any of the dev's see this love to see funiture added if it's otw disregard this . thanks for a fun game
76561198031345165,Recommended,324510,34256917,Posted: 15 August,all,Microbe,"Best game ever.It's a mix of MMORPG, Minecraft, 2nd Life, with Fractals! (Procedural generation)What No Man's Sky promised, Boundless delivers and then some.Get it, it's a no brainer."
,Recommended,324510,35087008,Posted: 20 September,all,Hermitage,Extremely fun game
,Recommended,324510,31896737,Posted: 21 May,all,Xeroxinator,"Spent almost 10 hours building a house. Realized I was playing Minecraft.. meh...If I could give this a meh thumb I would. It's not terrible, just not good.A solid meh.Can't really recommend.Wasn't able to add this as a comment. So Update/edit/response to your comment Luke:Did not expect to get a reply from a developer. That is actually really encouraging.Similarities to Minecraft1) I found myself building a castle on top of a mountain similar to what I would build in Minecraft, but with out some of the features like corner stairs.2) It is an open world sand box games with voxel graphics. Granted, this is a genre of its own now, but Minecraft is likely the most successful of the genre and is inherently a reference point for other games to be compared to.3) (Conditional) I did not encounter any other players in my ten hours playing; however, I did see quite a few abandoned beacons. While I'm sure the longer I played the more likely I would encounter other players, the ten hours I spent playing felt single player. I say this is conditional because, from what I gather, the initial spawn location is randomized. This means I really just pulled a short straw, but a big appeal to this game is the multiplayer aspect.In short, I found myself doing the same activities as minecraft, the game is of a similar genre, and it felt single player.Differences to Minecraft1) The portal aspect of this game looks very interesting and I'll likely come back to explore that in more depth.2) The grapple was fun - especially when dual wielding. Although, it would be nice to have a ""pull yourself up"" function. I spent a lot of time dangling wondering how to fix my situation.3) The crafting was different. Not a big fan of arbitrary wait timers. While those timers do add a since of supply and demand and/or the necessity to expand one's facilities, they also slow the pacing. Which makes a game spent grind materials for crafting even slower. Although, we live in a fast paced world so that might just be my over stimulated bias.Hope this is helpful. Definitely the most time I've spent reviewing a game.Regardless, I'm going to switch my review to a thumbs up. Having an active developement crew is a HUGE plus and worth supporting."
,Recommended,324510,24824020,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rom,"Ive been playing this since early last year and have enjoyed my experience so far. Im currently struggling with connections as  the only servers are located in US and EU, and i'm an AUS panda and im getting really bad ping. I enjoyed playing it in the last major version building pixel are and large structures in the AUS servers, however until AUS servers come out, im gonna step down from the game.But that doesnt mean im stepping down from the game, I really enjoy the concept. I got myself  the Collectors DLC to check out until AUS servers come out, but i'm having problems opening Boundless to test out my world, it doesnt allow the World Builder and the game itself to be open at the same time. Hope it gets fixed!Other than the above comments, im giving this game a thumbs up, great graphics, great things expected to come that sound amazing, I just hope its not another project which will soon be removed from Steam due to not enough funding or the devs move on to another project!"
76561198115735069,Recommended,324510,17063953,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Sinn,"Oort is an amazingly beautiful, but cute little game as far as its come. Keep in mind that things are a bit wonky and not everything is in yet but thats why its early access! I would suggest supporting this game though so it can move up the ladder of development. The time I've spent on it so far was incredibly enjoyable.I had fun gathering and building, and also exploring. Despite the fact that not all of the content is in yet I still found myself having a good time and getting hooked on the game.My main issue was not being able to fight the animals(but i may need to build a bow for that since I've yet to try) and the camera made me feel a bit sick. I myself have sensitive eyes so that could be the reason but its definitely something I would appreciate getting fixed!I suggest being patient with this game, its absolutely amazing so far and it has a good amount of ways to go before its done and it has plenty of potential!Edit: Not much else for me to put here since I've yet to dive back into Boundless and check out what they've done, but I have seen some improvement and things are being added although its progress is rather slow but I still completely support the devs and the game. ^^"
76561197998031197,Recommended,324510,13021243,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,saitama,"It's still in pre-alpha so as you would expect there are a lot of content missing. You only have a ""creative mode"" to work with, but that can give you some good hours of playing just by itself, either with friends or alone.The inspiring thing is the organization, planning, interest, fast updates and all the effort that devs are putting into this early stage of the game. I would advise whoever is interested in this game to check their website and see how well organized they are when it comes to future features development and ideas."
,Recommended,324510,26248918,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GearsArePower,"Great game, frequent updates and a very active community. Forum is great too."
,Recommended,324510,15120480,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jenndragonfly,"Awesome game!!  For being pre-alpha...its already beautiful and emersive....it will only get better! We have a very good community of players already and I know it will grow as more features are added.  I especially enjoy the Zen-like quality of the scenery and the nature and bird sounds as I build.  The characters are wonderful ( I love my Purple Kitty Girl!)As a person who loves nature and gaming, this is a perfect game for me.  For those who think this game is a clone....think again!  It is still early in development and there will be RPG aspects added and many more features to come!  Please join us with an open mind and open heart and we will welcome you with open (virtual) arms :)  Come be Boundless with us, today <3"
,Recommended,324510,25856839,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Dr. Chaos,"From now on the pre-release version of this game is pretty good, if you want an already good voxel game, come and play with us, but remember this isnt the final version yet, and if you want the full-product to play with, wait until release!"
,Recommended,324510,19579762,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,[Dragoonyan] Jesse,Although it does look like minecraft It has A LOT of potentialI absolutely recommend to buy this game. But maybe wait for a Stable release since it IS very PRE-alphaALso The portal aren´t yet implemented which is too bad.All in all 10/10
76561198111018889,Recommended,324510,13137067,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ScarXF,Absolutely Beautiful game.
76561197989916655,Recommended,324510,13279367,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ser Oddgar,"I have to say this game takes me back to minecraft inf-dev. For those of you not savvy of minecraft, that means before any real content was in the game. Just a massive procedurally generated world, and nobody really knew what to expect from it. Oort has the same feel for me, its a massive world, i should say a massive collection of massive worlds. Each one looks distinctly different and im always intrigued to see what formations i might see over the next hill. Player population is sparse so it often times feel like i actually am an explorer, and the few player houses i find are the relics of a long lost age. For me i enjoy the simplicity, though i am eager for the new features to be added. I have faith in the developers, for what its worth, and i trust they will bring this project to fruition. That being said, i can tell this game has a long way to go. If you want to support a group of developers, and provide feedback, then by all means contribute to this project. If you'd rather play Oort online, then give it a while. At the moment, theres just not much to do. But that being said, there was never anyhting to do in minecraft(inf-dev) and it kept many of us hooked."
76561197997833885,Recommended,324510,34327950,Posted: 18 August,all,Kings_Guard,"This game has a lot of content and it has a dedicated dev team who give regular updates and answer a lot of people's questions on the forums :),i am glad that i have purchased this game and as it stands right now there is lots of content to explore and have fun in,and the building system is awesome.I love the way the you can travel to other worlds through warp gates that you build,if there is a planet in the sky you can simply build what is required and look up to the stars/planet and pick an area as you look up and select it,then you create a warp gate with warp stones i think they are called,then you break down the warp stones and there is a dorrway you can travel through it is an awesome way it is done i just love it,peering into the world through a door and the second you walk through you are there.I am so looking forward to this game when it gets even more updates as it has a bright future i think,and i wish the dev team all the best with this game as you deserve to have lots and lots of people playing it :),and you will over time as it progresses and more people discover the beautiful worlds within boundless."
,Recommended,324510,34185193,Posted: 11 August,all,Tibb,"I want to start off by saying this: DON'T LISTEN TO OLD REVIEWS, they are WAY out of date, even the ones that are a month or two old. The devs are very active and constantly listening to feedback, which is what I always look for in a Dev.Now onto my reviewPros:-Adorable characters, and with /wave and other similar commands, they get even more, well, adorable.-Great graphics-Runs very smoothly-AMAZING COMMUNITY, everyone I've met so far is super kind!-A great anti-griefing system-I personally love the crafting, its simple, and unlike a negative review I've read, the tools don't break the moment you get enough resources to build said tool. The tools have quite a good durability and I think they are well done.-Overall a very enjoyable gameCons:It's hard for me to be like this, because I want to point out the faults, but I can't find many. So here are the very few, and easily fixable cons:-wildlife kills you in two hits, way too powerful.-even after killing said wildlife, they continue to fly towards you and hurt you-needs more players!I HIGHLY recommend this game, it's absolutely amazing and I hope the community will grow because of this much needed sale!"
76561197960519444,Recommended,324510,35434857,Posted: 2 October,all,Pickle Rick,Found a great exploit that has made the game a lot of fun!
76561198130775098,Recommended,324510,31615636,Posted: 7 May,all,Bidoo Bidee,"To be honest, I feel like this game has a rating of 6/10 [as of 5/7/2017] because of its state in Early Access.  That and it requires a pretty decent internet connection to play, at least in my experience.  So, if you're looking for something that's ready to play from the get go, I wouldn't recommend this game.However, Boundless is pretty playable in its current state.  A lot of its core features are down, but the devs are still adding more with each update.  There's a wide variety of worlds to explore, gear to craft, materials to sell.  The list goes on and on.  It's also made many innovations, such as the grappling hook, which lets players swing to high places.  Overall, it's not finished, but it's playable and you can have a good amount of fun on it.  In my opinion, it's the adult version of Minecraft, with awesome graphics and everything.Pros:- Music is amazing for immersion.  I can't stop mining ;D- Specialization system lets players advance their craft.  Be a hunter, miner, builder, etc.- Tons of blocks to make your home- Has an in game tool that lets you make your creations less like a block- Graphics and art are amazing; it looks like actual terrain vs Minecraft's blocky look- Exploration is funCons:- Combat isn't fully fleshed out- No natural health regeneration- Can be a bit laggy- Grind"
,Recommended,324510,18191991,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Mr.Boo,"Early Access, this game shows a ton of potential :) The online community they've built up with their Forums is fantastic and the whole team seems hard at work releasing content and showing off details almost on a weekly basis. Lots of feedback from the community gets listened to by the devs.Check back on the game if you're not the Early Access type person."
76561198365750351,Recommended,324510,35092601,Posted: 20 September,all,Zama,"Great game! Exceedingly awesome community! Devs who are active, care, listen to the community, and play their own game!Think Minecraft but with Better graphics, portals, and grappling hooks! ... Only thing we are missing are gliders =/However if you're not a fan of early access / Don't enjoy playing a game that is not fully balanced, feature complete Or if you simply lack a decent broadband connection... Then you may want to wait for full release (or upgrade your Internet =P)"
76561197995693432,Recommended,324510,19027393,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SynapticWildfire,Boundless has to be the best Early Access game I've ever played!  Beautifully made and the Devs are very active with the community.  Seeing this game evolve from its early days to now and onward is truly exciting!
,Recommended,324510,28113838,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sir Noot,Worth the 35 buckaroos? not at the moment. Its fun but it is lacking a lot of stuff and it gets kinda dull after a while.Will I still spend the extra shekels to get the collectors edition? ♥♥♥♥in probably because i'm an idiot lmao
,Recommended,324510,35079028,Posted: 20 September,all,arronhuk,"I have played quite a bit of this and it's what I wanted Minecraft to be at the start, it's still in early access and the devs are working on it and releasing content. It's an MMO with some key features (guilds etc) missing but promised. Not sure if they will get all the good features in it this year but I have the confidence that it will keep working on it.Looking forward to it coming to PS4 so we get a larger community but I hope that it gets more worlds too so it doesn't get too populated outside the large towns.They are also looking to allow for private servers so that will be good if you want a guild world, still don't know how that will interact with the normal worlds and whether you will be able to travel to and from the private servers."
,Recommended,324510,12999577,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TehBatman,"At a glance, Oort Online looks alot like a Minecraft MMO with prettier graphics. But after playing for a good amount of time, I can assure you that it is so much more. Oort combines the simplicity of building and breaking blocks along with beautiful terrain generation (Sloped Blocks, world generation, etc.). At this point its not much unless your creative, but I am very interested in where Wonderstruck takes this game. TLDNR: Games good. Buy it."
,Recommended,324510,28329284,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ｙｅｌｌｏｗ,More unique planets than NoMan's Sky
76561198025378664,Not Recommended,324510,19518976,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AnotherOne,"Not really...I was entraped by the nice screenshots, but its faaaar away from this, there is courently aboslutely nothing, Minecraft doesn't 10 times better, except it's massive mutliplayer. All the hype is based on nothing.I'd like to give neutral, but good it isn't.Only buy this, if you want to supprt the developers and hope its getting good some day..."
,Not Recommended,324510,17321414,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Negro Bunnie,"Oort Online really had a lot of promise and looked really cool! Unfortunately this game is not worth buying, and wont be fore a VERY long time. Bought this game almost a year ago, and the development process is so slow that it really concerns me that the game may just be in development hell/ down right dead. There have only been a hand full of updates in the last year, including hot fixes, bug updates and a few minimal content updates but they are so small it is not even worth noting. All in all the rate this game is being developed, by the time it actually comes out, it will be so far behind the curve it wont be worth playing. All in all save your money and look for another minecraft based game, because this is not the one you are looking for."
,Recommended,324510,13294774,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,BritishGamerNI,"A very promising game, minecraft better look out"
,Recommended,324510,12965771,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,The Devourer Of Cinder,"By far, this game is the most beautiful game that i've ever played. It looks promising in the future because not only beautiful in visual, it also offers you to create everything in the game (it could be an ""Everything Simulator"" game). If you seek for games like M*N*CR*FT, Well, this is the ""ONE"". #KawaiiGame #TheNextTarzanSimulator #TheRealNextGenerationGame.P.s. Before buying, please note that this game still in development, so there'll be few things that you still can't do in this game, such as :- Claim a world- Make a fight/war- Create an Avatar- Realtime Portal to another world- Crafting weapon and other stuffsBut there's few fun things that you can do in this version, such as :- Create a land or ruin everything- Be a Tarzan"
76561198047099327,Recommended,324510,12989530,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,ikki 愛,A new era of minecraft... begins.
,Recommended,324510,22536048,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Veritate,"Its like Minecraft but so much better and it is in pre-alpha. When it is not in beta or alpha, it gone be amazing.If you buy it you help the devolepors to emprove the game."
,Not Recommended,324510,15315201,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kaiser Dragon,"Ok I held off on buying this for a few weeks.,.. I finally gave in having gotten bord with minecraft and needing something diffrent.. After spending the woping 30 bucks on this.. I must say i regret it completly and wish there was a refund option. The game is very stiff feeling and FTB Minecraft with a Texture pack installed beats this game hands down as well as Subnautica... It is missing alot of crafting support and structure design very colorful and rounded off at first takes about 15 mins to start looking thru it. Also when i hoped on it there was no other players all the servers looked empty for every region of the world.... I DO NOT RECOMEND PAYING 30 bucks for the game it is worth about 15 like all the other Sandbox Alphas the others actually have more to do than this one... Asking 30 is just cocky and when i asked why it was worth 30 on the fourms i was attacked by the trolls... im guessing direct friends of the design team. So I stand by a hearty NO i do not reccomend it."
76561198100350288,Recommended,324510,19702580,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,menofthehills,"I am writing this review because I want to give credit where credit is due. Boundless, formerly Oort Online, has shown incredible growth in the time that I have been playing it. It is worth the purchase."
76561197998335822,Recommended,324510,12940605,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Runing fast attack,"been playing only for two hours it looks very promising ,as for now the game does not own alot of fetures at this version of the pre alphaand still i have played for like 2.5 losing track of the time while building a fortress this is really cool and really fun.this game has a really cool idea to it and alot of potential."
76561197970495268,Not Recommended,324510,35092860,Posted: 20 September,all,dvd7401,"Okay, let's get the basics out of the way :Graphics = gorgeousMenu sysytem = well doneControl = if using a joystick, needs a lot of workValue = paid $60.00 two years ago for my daugher and truthfully the joystick controls were much better back thenif you pay $19.99 for this game I have no complaints, but if you paid top dollar like I did two years ago it's a complete ripoff"
,Recommended,324510,15529247,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Lycankind,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes Voxel type games.  In its early stages, the only thing to really do right now is build, but the graphics are beautiful.  You will never go back to Minecraft after seeing this game.After making your account, be sure to check out the forums from the Oort website.  The players are very active in giving suggestions towards the direction of the game development and the developers have been great to listen to us.  So in a way, it feels like you are part of building this game.If you are not convinced at first glance, go to the Oort website and see what is planned for this game, then become a part of it."
76561197979622905,Recommended,324510,13576347,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Saint,"The Game is real good for a pre alpha version and it makes me a lot of fun.If you dont understand the Concept of Early Access. Dont cry if you see that the game not finishPositiv- very good lightning engine (best i see since a long time)- great graphic- big Maps (you can build very high/deep and far in any direction)- the ""Grappling Hook"" makes a lot of fun XD- day and night- Infinite Mode (you have infinitely building blocks )- very good support over the forum- developer`s in forum active, so you can ask them- if they updates the worlds they dont delete buildings (takes a lot off time, but is community friendly)- nice active community- friendly Admin/DeveloperNegativ- nothing ^^update 09.2015:Positiv- new & better block styles- weapons added- new crafting toolsupdate 11.2015:Positiv- more attacking units added with models- first version of character models addedNegativ- sometimes we must wait a bit for the next big update, but the upgrades are mostly greatPicture from Old Block style (new picture coming soon)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=385427831http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=385427690http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=385430295"
,Not Recommended,324510,34940046,Posted: 13 September,all,Shoshin,"I'm surprised I've only played 10 hours, it feels like a lot more.. And in this case, it's not a good thing.I have been following this project for years, since it was Oort Online, and finally pulled the trigger after the last skill update.I'm not going to comment on the graphics, environments, and atmosphere.. these are all gorgeous and there's plenty of reviews that exol how amazing they are.Instead I'm going to review why I don't think you should buy, at least not yet, unless you want to fund the devs to flesh out what's missing.There's dozens and dozens of different trees to invest in, and master, but the progress is incredibly slow and tedious.Any sandbox exploration game like this needs to balance progress along side effort.. And there's way too much time wasted trying to level up so as to progress.The new skills update is great, it means that you can't master everything, you need to focus on a direction.. do you want to craft items for others to use? Do you want to gather raw materials? Do you want to fight and explore? The skills update makes it painfully obvious that they want to make this game into an ecosystem where you have to rely on others to survive.. but since there's not many people playing, you are stuck being mediocre at almost everything, which drastically cuts down on your enjoyment and survivabilityI hope they add more story items to this game, and perhaps slow the intensity of time investment required to progress."
,Recommended,324510,22457441,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Λyk,Its an awesome game I cant wait till it out so i can meet people its so beautiful at the same Time!
,Recommended,324510,33272041,Posted: 5 July,all,dumb,:)
,Recommended,324510,13021222,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,jcm - The Legion is coming,"This game is really beautiful. It has a lot of great features planned and I'm sure that when the game is fully released it will be a great game.Right now I it misses a lot of features, but still you will have a lot of  fun playing this game with you friends. Beautiful scenaries, grappling hooks, slopes, beautiful blocks do choose from. And Crafting is planned to be added in 2 Weeks so yeah! Cool!But for me one of the major things I like about this game at the moment is thecommunity. The developers interact with you all the time in the forums and in the twitter. You really get a sense of inclusion and being a part of the development is something I'm really enjoying.So the veredict is: BUY THIS GAME.Why? Because with buying it you are contributing to new features being added and you have the ability to participate in the development of the game."
76561197964176799,Recommended,324510,31795287,Posted: 16 May,all,RoyalHeavySmoker,it is good ^^ having a nice timeit is also very nice that there is no monthly feeall and all a very good game
,Not Recommended,324510,18726611,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,oof,"Game is trash. Spent a lot on this game hoping it would be updated to be fun and playable. It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and there is nothing to do in the game but build an ugly low definition house with the 5 types of blocks you have. Or you can press a button that changes your player model to look like dog poop, or a cancer tumor.The idiots that made this utter embarassment of a 'pre-alpha' were too busy rolling dice to decide what do to the game than actually considering and planning how it should be developed over time. Don't buy this.i am so SO angry and i am deleting my steam account after leaving this review then i am dismantaling my computer so i never play a game again. 'boundless' has RUINED gaming for me."
76561197982331450,Recommended,324510,34214321,Posted: 13 August,all,Haradim,"The look and feel of this game is stunning, the UI is very nice, the worlds are big and i have been to the planets core.Exploring is fun, not to many creatures at this stage of the game.Meeting other players: yes you will see other players alot, mostly in the big player made cities (which are huge and beautifull)Community is very helpfull and has a strong core players!"
,Recommended,324510,34341594,Posted: 18 August,all,AmberCross,"Pretty neat game, I hope it can grow more popular."
,Recommended,324510,34360634,Posted: 19 August,all,Ezo,A good vision of what a voxel building MMO should be.  It is still in early access and needs some balance and polish.  The devs are eager to hear feedback.  I look forward to what this game will look like in 6 months.
,Recommended,324510,31484067,Posted: 1 May,all,Durzio,"This game is very unique and very fun. somewhat minecraft-esqe but with an amazing art style and many fun and unique mechanics. the first moment I saw the portal in the sanctum i knew i was in love. the portals have no loading screens, and legitamately are windows to other worlds.The devs are extremely active on the forums which is super encouraging for an early access game. they often tell us of the things they have planned and seem open to input.the community is super nice, and im hoping it stays that way as this game blows up :)7/10 as is, very likely 10/10 when out of early access, 12/10 cooked over rice"
,Recommended,324510,31389898,Posted: 27 April,all,VoX,"I ended up refunding it, because in all intents and purposes it WAS just Minecraft, albeit far prettier, and with the MMO portal aspect.I won't downvote it, because for the little time I played it was quite enjoyable, but it's INCREDIBLY drawn out and slow to progress, mainly single stack drops from everything you do. EVERYTHING, even killing animals; if there was some sort of RNG to certain IMPORTANT drops, that'd be fine. The tutorial is vauge on how to actually get a furnace (I found out, but it took me time but mostly because it's not actually called a furnace), mining takes you - even with stone tools - over 6 seconds per block (Block and tool type do not matter. 6 hits for Clay with an axe, 6 hits with a hammer), and you don't get an option for character customization yet, though I did not mind my current appearance.Oh, ya, and combat seems to be a sort of hit-scan system. Doesn't matter your distance or your jank♥♥♥♥♥jive moves, a spitter is still gonna hit ya, and the chargers are still gonna lovetap ya even if you kite them back.No middle review, but no kind of negatives I can see unless you consider the slow progression."
,Recommended,324510,14553848,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Bi Curious,"This game has a HUGE amount of potential. Just from the little time I have already spent on the game, you can invision it. For those who want to wait, its understandable. At the very moment, the game is limited. I do say feel free to support the devs and buy the game right now. I recommended it to all of my friends, so come join us!"
76561198156320983,Recommended,324510,13711052,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bislerau,"If you like Minecraft, or even just voxels, this game is SO for you. This game is fantastic for being in such an early stage. Many say: This is a Minecraft clone. Well, it definately isn't. Oort is Oort. And Oort is amazing. I see potential in this game. When this game grows, (i think it definately will) i think this game is going to be so much better. Not so much you can do right now, but you gotta deal with it. It's definately worth the money. Keep up the good work, Wonderstruck! :D"
,Recommended,324510,14671692,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,GodLikeReaper,"I do recommend this game, I wouldn't recommend it for people that are looking for a game with a lot of content as it is still in development. I notice a lot of peoples reviews that are saying it is bad are saying it is bad because there isn't a lot to do currently but people need to suck it up understand that it does take a bit for to make a game, if you can't deal with a game that is slowly making progression to there goal then this isn't the game for you. I bought it because I like the idea, and I wanted to support the devs so this game can become a thing and possibly be the best voxel game out there.Any ways, the current game is alright I mean it isn't anything super amazing. The graphics are beautiful that is for sure, in it's current state there isn't a whole lot to say, you get torch, pick-axe, axe, etc. You can walk around and build structures with what they give you. I haven't really checked it out since the crafting stuff was added so I couldn't really shed light opon that. But all and all, I have hope that this game will turn out just like they say it will."
76561198091831772,Recommended,324510,15010250,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Eugene H. Krabs,"a very good game even for pre-alpha , can't wait till the release"
76561198058175974,Recommended,324510,14673226,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Renry,"::DISCLAIMER: Review is for the Alpha Version.Oort Online is like your next door neighbor who you grew up with but never thought about until she became hot. I never knew voxels could look so good!Let's Pro/Con!Pros:The game is gorgeous for an Alpha version.Requires you to actually explore to find unique materials. Even visit other worlds!Lighting/water effects are a beauty.If you like exploring or building, this is the game for you.You can use a grappling hook and swing around trees and zoom up the side of mountains like Spiderman/Batman.The server is more or less on 24/7.Cons:The only thing you can do right now is explore and build.You are currently an orange block and so is everything that you gather.The game is in ALPHA testing so expect hiccups to playability.I'm backing Oort Online and Wonderstruck because in it's current state, the game is already a joy for me to play. All the wonderful features they are planning on putting in like the Titans, seamless world portals, procedurally generated monuments (dunegons), etc. will just be icing for me on this cake of a game."
,Recommended,324510,34343992,Posted: 18 August,all,Feign,"Edit: 01/09/17Well, what can I say - the dev team showed their true colours and responded to the community - not by rolling back to an earlier version, but by balancing their update so it pushed the development forward yet responded to conerns of the current player base. I honestly can't think of a better reason to recommend an early access team.The game still has much more mechanics in the pipeline, and balancing the xp rewards for tasks is an ongoing issue which the player community is keen to discuss in a civil manner on the forums. I'm happy to recommend the game once again and encourage people to support this incredible team.Edit: 24/08/17At present I can only recommend this game if you are with a large group. The current version has increased mining time, combat time and difficulty to such an extreme that it is only fun with groups. So buyer aware, if you want to solo the game is not currently for you. If you're happy grouping then go for it as it is a wonderful world to explore.For now, I'm going to have to not recommed and I'm absolutely gutted to do so, however I will be keeping an eye on development as the developers listen well to the community and amend this review for future updates.Original review below._______________________________________Boundless is an open world building game with an emphasis on cooperation and community.SettingThe world is lush and visually appealing. Split into different areas based on location (EU, US-W, US-E, AUS), each area has 3 planets of different difficulty levels. Each area can be travelled too regardless of where you choose to begin your journey, so you can explore every planet. Currently, the major differences are gem types, weather types, water/lava lakes and colours of items within the worlds. I'm sure as the game develops through Early Access more variety will become apparent, making journeys to each world more rewarding. Player character appearance can be changed through a menu setting and there is only one race with no discernable benefits, again this may be subject to change if character creation options are added.MusicWorth a mention in its own right, it's actually a pleasent experience to wander the different planets listening to the gorgeous soundscapes that have been created for the game.GraphicsAgain, very visually appealing - think World of Warcraft mixed with Sphax BDCraft.GameplayIf you like open-world, sandbox games where you gather resources in order to build structures or create items, then this will appeal.Skills are gained through experience and you can tailor your character down several different profession types - Builder, Explorer, Gatherer, Hunter, Merchant. There are objectives for each profession as well as overall daily/weekly objectives. These are a nice addition that reward XP and coins as well as giving you mini-goals to accomplish.The overall aim is that you do not master every skill, this is where the co-operation and community angle comes in. Instead you can focus on a specific path and then team up with other players who have specialised in other areas so you can support each other.As it is Early Access this area is not fully fleshed out and the most rewarding areas are gathering and building, however development is continuing in this area and thankfully, these two are developed well enough to make a current purchase a rewarding experience.CommunityVery supportive, although it was a little while before I met other players, when I did I was shown a lot that the world had to offer. Since then, I've met many more and each has been a friendly sort. There isn't much opportunity for griefing, and the developers have a beacon system that locks your building plot so it can't be trashed.DevelopersFully engaged. They are receptive and welcoming of any raised issues and, from my experience, personally respond to each raised item on their forums. This is definitely a case of Early Access being done right.ConsIt's Early Access, not everything is implemented yet, and some things are a bit unbalanced - e.g. some tools you can make don't seem to offer much improvement and the tiers of tools are a bit tough. The crafting system is intuitive in some ways but a bit baffling in others, e.g. it isn't obvious to know which skill set unlocks which crafting trees (however, there is a great site calledboundlesscrafting.comwhich provides a comprehensive break down of skills). Aside from unlocking landmarks, there isn't much more to exploring other than the wonder of finding interesting building projects of other players, however dungeons and rares are in the pipeline. To be honest, most of the cons I can think of are due to things not being fully developed yet - but that's Early Access for you. If that bothers you, you might be best off waiting until a later, more complete edition is created, however its current state is playable and entertaining.Worth it?In my opinion, very much so. I've whiled away many hours gathering and exploring the worlds. From a cost to play-time point of view, I've had my money's worth so everything on top of this now is bonus - and it looks like a bonus that will increase as the game develops further."
76561198250576478,Recommended,324510,35193465,Posted: 24 September,all,Ojot,"Spent many hours playing this and will carry on! The grind is ridiculous but as soon as you level up things get easier (depending on what you use your skill points on) I’ve started a settlement on vena v if anyone is interested come and build a shop/home, huge cave system underneath our settlement, portals in prosses, trying to connect east to west :)"
,Not Recommended,324510,16812720,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Wulle,"Well, you'd think it's just another MC clone...Nope, you're wrong! Oort Online is a beautiful game with a high potential etc etc bla bla..it has GRAPPLING HOOKS!!! WHAT ELSE YOU NEED BESIDES GRAPPLING HOOKS???10/10 would grapple againEdit on 27.06.2017:i dont know about grappling hooks, maybe theyre removed, maybe theyre locked behind an unbelieveable high skillpoint-wallall content is locked behind skill points, you need 5 skill points to level up ONE skill. and guess what: you gain 5 skill points on level up. wouldnt be bad if there werent like 5 zillion different things to invest skill points in and which require even more than 5 SP. i mean seriously, what is this♥♥♥♥♥♥even more so, game is buggy AF. i unlocked the first skill ""basic crafting recipes"" and when trysing to SMELT ORES (most basic thing in such a game) it says i cant, because ♥♥♥♥ing MISSING SKILL BASIC CRAFTING RECIPES!!!!This game has been out for more than 2 years now, development was really slow and gained pace in the last few months, we can just pray by now"
,Not Recommended,324510,23249400,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Krash,"New review 8/22/2017TLDR: DO NOT BUYgame is empty and mining is so grindy. the levels are awkward like 11 skill points for an upgrade when you get 10 points to level up... the ballance is off and it feels like the systems needs a lot of work. NO ONE is really playing the game and i havent run in to any person in a few days now.Graphics are looking nice now but the game play got worse. i need to grind to get things in the game and the xp to do things is way off.over all the game is not going well and there is no way to interact with players or find a friend.. you need to play for 15 hrs in game just to beable to use the portals the way the game suggests.will be playing updates still to see game improvment and will change this review if the game gets better.still hard has ever to get any progress in the progression update. if the devs want to continue to make this game better they need to talk to me and i will be able to give them a solid direction on what will make the game good and then great from there. I have over 20,000 hrs in mmo experience and steam games. I know what makes them good and what does not.review 3/10*not fun*annoying animal sounds*music plays half the time and cuts out and stutters the game sounds.*grind grind grindminecraft is less grindy then this game. as it takes forever to fight a creature for 1 poor item reward and mining takes forever and you dont know if you are mining in the right direction only to find that you only got stone out of it and nothing good. the way the game is structured is NOT GOOD and needs to be overhauled again."
,Not Recommended,324510,15507003,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mr.Plebsi,"I've had this game since 2013-2014. The reviews are good and positive and have only recently bought the game. bringing up when it was called oort online makes them sound intellegent, i remember when the introduced slopes that you can craft and character models were colored squares and rectangles. But they have been making a lot of small patches like grass rendering and graphic issues and I've only played 11.7 hours because the game was so bad, and think about it creativerse its free, this game is $35 are u willing to pay 35 USD for a game thats not finished and it came out in 2013-2014, there should of been more content than skill progression, The game now has content, back then it was about building blocks. this game needs mods consumer created mods that can be implemented in the game through content patches. Im glad the game has content, but this stuff should of came out before 2016 at least. You can play a game thats not finished and polished or you can wait, and just wait dont buy unless you are willing to give your money that you earned or was given to you in exchange of some people 50 hours of gameplay 50 HOURS !!??! thats it.IT should of had more content.minecraft has more content and is cheaper than this.JUST WAIT for it dont impulsive buy this, just wait."
76561198003278265,Recommended,324510,13793819,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dwight schrute 1942,This is very fun already! even this early! and it can only get better!Buy it and join the stunning world of Oort online!
,Not Recommended,324510,34441236,Posted: 23 August,all,Ki11s0n3,"There is a lot of good ideas here, but unfortunately it fails to meet any of them. There are way too many limitations.- Finding your friends is a nightmare- Once found you can't just simply put down a plot and build together. You each have to have your own land- The start of the game is way too slow- Basically all building and crafting is behind a level wall. Meaning you have to be a certain level to build basic stuff. Even the ability to sprint is behind the level wall.- You move way to slow and monsters 2 shot you if you accidently hit them- The crafting system is way more complicated than it needs to be. Needs to be a lot more streamlined if this game hopes to keep anyones attention.- If you die it either bugs the beginner quest or makes you start all over again.- I played for over 3 hours and didn't find 1 person. The 1 person I did find was my friend and it took us over an hour to follow the coordinates and find each other. Then and only then did the game finally let us send a friend request.Don't be fooled by the screenshots and video. To get to those points, you have to have a bunch of friends playing if you can find each other and you have to play for hours and hours before youo start building anything that good and that's if you can get past all it's bugs and convoluted crafting, building and plot mechanics.I get that it is EA and as of right now I regret spending the money on buying the Adventurers Edition. I may come back to the game later on down the line, but as of right now I would give this game a wide birth until a lot of the issues are fixed."
76561198161755956,Recommended,324510,14332656,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Alexhedrick19,this game is beautiful but there is not much creativity so far. There are only like 15 blocks. I wish there were more blocks like in the videos of the trailer!
76561198080982366,Recommended,324510,13406164,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,jcanepag,"Great game, full of potential. Astonishing landscapes, and the fact that the community chooses the features included makes it more atractive. I fully recommend it for players who like sandbox and voxel games. This game is the big thing."
76561198062635890,Recommended,324510,20672885,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Canyonmanterry,"This game being pre-alpha is well made. I like the pastal colors. peacefull surounding,s. But I bought this game for the MMO aspect. I have wondered all over the differant worlds many capitals. never seen a single soul. I think the minning can be teduois stroke for digging sand is the same for rocks. The glass blocks are ugly. I don,t know how much walking you do to meet a protector? and the proceduals world generation has an end. I have been to the edge?? As other pre-alpha game I will play to the point and pause untell the 01 is up."
76561198152074675,Recommended,324510,13012257,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,totodile241,"Simply put, hold on out buying this unless you feel like supporting the developers. That said, here are a couple reasons you might invest in this game:-Beautiful graphics-MMO building!-Grappling Hook (woo)A short list right now... the only thing I can think of that makes me regret buying the game so soon is the lack of crafting at the moment. Again, this game is in very early development, but take a careful look at the screenshots. The environment looks nothing only remotely similar to minecraft. The exaggerated, theatrical biomes provide more inspiration for building block creation that minecraft ever did.So, there's my two cents."
76561198055458157,Recommended,324510,13397533,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BookBurning,I'm excited to see where the developers take this game. It shows so much promise and I hope it can stand up to mine and everyone else's expectations. If you like exploring worlds with vibrant lush scenery then you can check that off this list for this game. Grappling Hooks make it easy to build and the fact that they are implementing a beacon system is going to make it easy to save your work for other people to enjoy. For what it is worth I think this game is worth picking up and it is most definitley something you should back up if you enjoy games like Terraria and Minecraft. As I said I'm looking forward to seeing this game blossom from the bud it is to the flower it will become.
,Recommended,324510,15942543,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,{GFA}Wikus,Yup buy that game... just let it happen.You want it too... I know you do.The graphics are awesome and won't kill you mid-range PCfor adding some shadow and lighting like previous voxel games.It loads in no time and you can even play it on the go via browser :OSlope placing MC style is annoying when your inv is filled with tons of different slope typesoort uses just one simple tool... these guys know what we want.There are polls for the community on their homepage soyou decide whats going to be implemented next.Wasn't sure about this game at first since minecraft lost it's charm slightyand this looked just like a clone... but this got me the second I spawned in my first world.I will pledge more as soon as possible... so broke... too many games to pledge for atm.And Chris Roberts is their leader he really should share with Wonderstruck :D
76561197985171381,Recommended,324510,24779466,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Baleur,"What is this game i dont even, what? I own it? How?"
,Recommended,324510,15522151,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,LaserChunk,Great regular updates! This game is promising!!! KEEP GOING!!! <3
,Recommended,324510,32077009,Posted: 30 May,all,Rio,"Im gonna be honest, the game is just boring, but I've checked in on this game for a while, and I have to give credit, the devs really seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game and they really seem to want to give us the experience they originally had for the game, it may be a while before they do but I have high hopes for this game, and I think that even if its not exactly how its planned its probably going to be pretty good otherwise.And the gameplay is unique and its voxel blah blah blah."
,Recommended,324510,14605143,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,VEXUSgaming,"~THE FUTURE OF VOXELS~so many reviews, so many opinions, so heres mine, short and simple.Q2 is ALPHA STAGE,  the community has  already backed character models, weapons, crafting, and dungeons which will be showcased right around and into alpha launch , so if your an avid MC player whos seeking something finally different, you will see those things and you can judge for yourself if the game is worth your munnyright now the game is strictly building and exploring, if you are interested in seeing the beautiful and very different worlds that oort has to offer then kinda do so now, because the more this game progresses, most of unihabited worlds are purged of greenery and replaced with castles, builds and whatnot."
,Recommended,324510,14574970,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Claytone,"This is really a great sandbox multiplayer game. As of writing this post, you probably don't find many people in the game by running around the worlds. The forums if where you'll want to go if you're looking for playing with others. The graphics are simply amazing- to say the least, and the art style is one of the best I've seen. The gameplay and features implemented so far are pretty fantastic; the grappling hook is one of the features I find very interesting & fun to use. The developers are also amazing, they stay in touch with their fans and let them vote/know what's coming up. I certainly recommend this."
76561198077374466,Recommended,324510,14067292,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Master_Nero1,"Just got the game to try it out and stuff. As soon as i log into a world all the settings are at the max and it bogs down my computer and i couldnt really move around. I eventually got the settings to the lowest possible and had everything turned off. I would take 2 steps and lag and then be looking a diffrent direction,this happend every time i tried to do anything in game. when i stand still you can see the grass moving and then all of a sudden everythings lags and just stops. I would like to say my computer is decent i can play all my other steam games just fine and my internet is full bars. This game looks really cool sofar and i cant wait to see what the full game looks like with all the updates and new things but i would like to be able to play it without lag for at least 5min."
,Recommended,324510,14703356,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SwampyGamer,"My game won't work. It looks amazing and I REALLY want to play it! But it keeps telling me that the ""game quit responding and Windows has to close it down."" Is this a bug or can my computer not handle the beautiful landscape that is Oort Online?"
76561198027920394,Recommended,324510,13877409,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SteenBok117,"Amazing. Truly... Of course there are bugs and small issues, but what can we expect from an early access. I bought this for the same reason as many I'm sure. Minecraft is a classic. No doubt. But still, they haven't gone to the extent some of us were really hoping for. Oort online has promised a lot. And I've bought early access games before that never delivered. But I supported Minecraft from the very beginning and I'll Support Oort till it dies, lets hope that's not for yeeaaarrrsss to come.After spending hours building huge bounce and slide systems and hours of simply grapple hooking around the beautiful landscape. Oort online has already reeled me in and I can't stop coming back for more. Not to mention the additions to come. Haven't been so excited about game updates since Terraria like 2 years ago and honestly I really hope it can one day start to compare in depth and content to Terraria or Skyrim (favourite games). Not that I should compare. Oort is a new and exciting title to follow and obsess over that will go completely it's own way.But I mean come on. Swinging or bouncing from floating Island to floating Island over water that's reflecting beautiful mountainous landscapes. What's not to love?"
,Not Recommended,324510,17462418,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,MVRIIK,It's been 7 months since I gave this game a positive review. Now It's August of 2015 and it feels abandoned. Cashed out. I hope Minecraft steals the portal/warp idea and adds more content. I'll be back to Minecraft in no time.R.I.P. Oort Online.
76561198031517088,Not Recommended,324510,24986102,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Michael,The amount of time a game can spend in pre-alpha is Boundless.
,Not Recommended,324510,14656517,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,AzureusFlames,theres nothing literally NOTHING WHAT THE FK THESE REVIEWS SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MISS LEADING THERES NOTHING IN THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,324510,17768399,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kristhor,"I had hopes for this game, this seemed promising. it is just a bad example of kickstarters. they milk money with promises of great features IF they reach their funding goals. Right now the game is pretty much unplayable, you can just collect stuff and craft few things and build, but that's almost it. Game has no soul."
,Not Recommended,324510,13951309,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,young metro,At this point you're paying $35 for Minecraft minus the crafting or players with some fancy shades and slopes. There aren't even character models yet.
76561198087706397,Recommended,324510,22929607,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lord Bobster,cant wait till full game hopefully fps will improve
,Not Recommended,324510,14889425,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,†NB BirbLord,"Perhaps I'm ignorant of some fact or some information that just isn't on the cusp of this game. I'll log in occasionally to see whats new - I don't want to burn out on zero content so I just look for updates and new supported features but when does the supported feature get added (no seriously)?I've seen a bunch of things that as a supporter I didn't ask for, and that don't really add to what would make this game less than trivial. Character models got voted in what feels like months ago, where are they? The only shred of news I've seen on them was some elongated blocks in a video that have something like unique features (colors and sizes).I feel as if this game will be the next online solo experience with how often new and good content is added, wandering around looking at beautiful things all by yourself on a dead server, with an amalgamation of polygons as a character and a grappling hook.I'd love to see more come from this, but so far I've been left twiddling my thumbs. I'm adamantly waiting for new and better content hell I check daily for updates..."
,Recommended,324510,13488288,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Eirr,"All I can say for now (because it is still in its ver yearly stages) is that Oort Online is very beautiful and atmospheric. In this game, I feel adventurous and free. The mechanics so far are very fluid. If you want to support a good game, this is a great, solid choice."
,Recommended,324510,13399717,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,AIdiner,"Attack of OORT, swinging around with my grappling hook. 10/10"
76561198002368880,Not Recommended,324510,12991902,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,justino,"dont even try to see this game, very very bad, poor copy or minecraft"
,Recommended,324510,13732383,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,fish,This game is cool.  Portals are very nice.  Good leafs. Would recommend to all leaf lovers.
,Not Recommended,324510,14500380,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,kebcoob,half life 6 will come out by the time these devs add ore
76561198065990834,Recommended,324510,21514197,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,chaosman98,"i have to admit, its prety fun.i understand that this game is early accses and what not, but when i jumped in, i was expecting to see a few more players than i did. last time i played i recall seeing 1 person.anyway, its a grate game, and i will deffinatly be playing it more."
,Not Recommended,324510,16424148,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Chief_Nyanta,"Do not get this game its dead! i paid alot for this game 8months ago and nothing has changed that would make anyone want to play it. Yes it may look graphicly awsome but thats it. Please do not buy this you be making a huge mistake just like i did. Look at the forum for this game and look for ""Ripped off by Developers!!"" Also do not expect a refund of any kind as we all know it takes more than 2 hours to really test games. F.U Steam!"
76561198041703114,Not Recommended,324510,17807976,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,theincrediblemrf0x,"this is soooo not anywhere near done it is a alpha but one of the most under polished ones i have seen you play as an orange cube in a world of empty promises of grander.soo just waiting till thay get more progress right now, not worth it at all :("
,Not Recommended,324510,34437059,Posted: 23 August,all,EmyLights,"So far, I like the idea of the game.The idea, mind you.In practice though, attempting to find a nice spot to put your house down at is an effort in frustration. Everywhere you could potentially find to start working on a house already has the shell of one, or the next spot, or the next.Don't even get me started on waiting for the crafting table to churn out items from the raw materials."
76561198058329110,Not Recommended,324510,16918568,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Oldwargoat,"I thought it was a novel Idea but the servers I was on all the major ore was gone there was nothing right down to the bedrock, maybe the first 10-15 layers where ok it had dirt and stone, but after that there was nothing but water under my house. I looked all over and so many places had beacons where I couldn't dig out anything and if there were ore there the beacons would block me from mining it out. I honest do belive I wasted my money on a game that will not take off. and if that wasn't bad enough I had trolls as soon as I had my house built they were tearing it down.. sorry but this is not a game for people who just want to have fun building and whatnot the dev's have promised."
,Not Recommended,324510,16965986,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ShadeKing,After playing this game i found there to be little to nothing that they have promised and that it has very laggy game play even with 2 titans (graphics cards) it is most likely issues on their side as of now. Would not reccomend this to any one instead look at SkySaga Much more amazing with little to no problems.
76561198146076322,Recommended,324510,13593135,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Thanos,"Game will be AMAZING the innovation of linked servers exclusive and portals that show the other servers it's connected to! Fantastic way to begine a new chapter in gaming.The weather system,ambient sound and everything so far just incredible.Future of gaming = multi-core+linked servers only the leet can do."
76561198091791534,Recommended,324510,16610365,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,UnironicAnimePic,"This game looks decievingly good. It's not it's ♥♥♥♥ing awful. *its early accsess so you can't say its bad* Yes I can. If you wanna support the dev then by all means buy this game, but don't think you are going to get anything of actual value."
,Recommended,324510,18454698,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,axemall,please give more updates
,Recommended,324510,13009037,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SingaCrafta,"As of now if someone were to but this game with out knowing that its a pre-alfa he would dislike it, ik its a pre-alfa stage ,and ik whats about to come so, ik this game is going to be good ,BUT, to be hones, i think you guys should have done a little bit more befor giving it out to the public.The grafics are awesome (aside form the charecters) xD.The things you can do now are very limited (but soon to be changed).The grapeling thing is super fun but hard to use.I do recomed this but not now if you what to play it right-away."
,Not Recommended,324510,17530363,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Noksie.RG,KNock off of skysaga :)
76561197999095362,Not Recommended,324510,20696803,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Happy,"Little to no development, seems like a money grab, dev team has written and voted up their own positive reviews on steam (Don't believe me? Just read them, do they sound like real reviews or just hype and promises?)"
,Not Recommended,324510,14269896,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TheValkian,Grappling Hook is nice. Best $35 bucks I ever spent. I'll recommend this game once everything adverstised is present.
,Not Recommended,324510,34657439,Posted: 1 September,all,DazL.Player.One,"Fun for a few days.... but after that you'll discover it has no content to offer whatsoever. Had the potential to be so much more than just another Minecraft clone... But really it isn't.Very minimalistic RPG elements, boring skill'tree', lacking building tools.Getting kinda sick of all these games that make us pay just to 'play/test' the alpha. If the updates continue at this rate we might have a complete game somewhere in 2020?... If the developers are even interested in finishing the product by that time that is...You're better of just sticking to Minecraft... my 2cp..."
76561198047801387,Not Recommended,324510,16983803,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Spencer,Man this game updates so slowly
,Not Recommended,324510,23687430,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Olgit,"Boundless, to look at the video that goes along with that game, offers an awe inspiring world of worlds, via portals and cute character's, with block's and cities and links to strange new vista's.Sadly, your dumped in the middle of no where, one to eight items, no instruction's, no directions, so you cut a tree, mine a rock, find an underground cavern, check google and find out youcan't make or store items in a chest yet, press escape, transport home, press escape and finally see ""Capital"", so press it expecting something like you witnessed in the video, only to find...... disappointment, a undeveloped area.I was obviously expecting too much as a result of one video, but I hope other's don't make the same mistake I did.Purchase with caution...."
,Not Recommended,324510,15420848,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Xaranos,"Just wasted 30€ on a pile of burning♥♥♥♥♥♥ No idea why they put it on Steam in such an early early EARLY Alpha stage. There is little to nothing to do in this game, all the main features like creatures, boss fights, economy system etc. is missing as well as a survival mode. There are 46 servers but only 3 or 4 of them are ""populated"". Populated like ""there are one or two other players online. No, I am NOT joking. That is just sad. Last months overall population on all servers all together was about 13 players. THIRTEEN. 46 servers... 13 players.If you like Minecraft and are looking for a new game like Minecraft... well... stay with Minecraft and add mods. You save a lot of money.Maybe this game will be worth the bucks in about a year or two. But for now, there is absolutely no reason for being on Steam at all.Edit: One year later and only 2-3 active players online at once. 46 servers... 3 players total. No idea why people push this game with positive reviews when there is obviously no one playing at all. Probably payed reviews."
,Not Recommended,324510,32173009,Posted: 4 June,all,DragynDance,"Incredibly glitchy.  It's possible to break your account at the start if you fall down a hole made of ice, the totem (the only tool you start with) can't break it, so you can't climb out, and if you die, it just warps you back down into ice/lava.  Every time I restart or serve change, I'm back down in the hole, so I can't even actually play the game anymore, and the staff ignore my support tickets.  Garbage game is garbage."
,Recommended,324510,23222810,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ShagNasty.BriskeysGaming,I like you guys been updating this game ...price I think is spendy but what the hell if ya got the money and there updating and stuff to it ...I'd say go for it.
,Not Recommended,324510,18572280,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Neeter Podland,"No one playing, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking structures built EVERYWHERE by kids who have 0 creativity. Navigating is fun, and the game feels nice, but you simply don't make this kind of game without offline mode... Also nothing has changed in the game since last year when I bought it. Would like to recommend, but can't."
,Not Recommended,324510,16048731,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Altergrey,"GGonly RPG element is that i get to say ""This block is my mom""on the bright side though you can spend $35 to save yourself the time of installing Shaders on minecraft."
,Recommended,324510,12978667,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,niggatoe,really decent for a pre alpha
,Not Recommended,324510,14053884,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Lord Dan™,"SUMMARYIn short. I feel the game would be better if it had a single-player mode, or at least LAN or self-hosting of around 16 players. The world looks griefed already on some servers and it lacks a lot of features. I tried to enjoy it, but just couldn't push myself past 30 minutes.Personally would suggest waiting for more progress.CURRENT THOUGHTS (FULL)I'm not really sure why this game has so many positive reviews when there really isn't much to do at all.Thus far, I've put very little time into the game, literally 30 minutes by the time of writing and I'm bored. Very bored. I've taken 30 minutes to walk around and see a massive bunch of monstrosities that people call ""creations"" including the typical Minecraft 1 block wide towers to floating platforms and ugly as hell zigzag leaf platforms/roads from one mountain to another. I do not see the point in beautiful graphics if the world looks griefed already.Building itself is, well, building. There is nothing revolutionary or new when it comes to building, other than a slope, but I don't much care for that. I can add that MC with a mod if I wanted slopes. The block types are also rather limited.The features listed in the features list of the store page appear to currently be non-existent. Sure, the developer has stated below the feature list that ""Many of these features are in development and not yet available in the Early Access version (pre-alpha). Follow updates onoortonline.comto see what's coming next and when."" Whilst this may be acceptable to some, I feel it is not enough. The website itself reveals no information about what is, and isn't in the game thus far and also goes into details about features that appear to not be in-game (judging from the lack of imagery, or rather, the overuse of concept art instead of in-game media.) If the features are not yet in the game, list them as such.The graphics of Oort are great, yes. Very nice, we have shaders for Bloom lighting and Depth of field. The water reflects water too. That's real nice and all, but Minecraft did just fine with 16 pixel textures. The graphics alone should not sell the game. I get the impression this game has focused soley on graphics to date and just put a couple of placeable blocks in for good measure. The game lacks a lot.The multiple servers listed do not tell of how many players are currently in the world, however, every single server today was listed as ""quiet"". I've also never seen a single player in game thus far. Is this dead already? Or has everyone left due to boredom? If so, why so many positive reviews? WHERE ARE THE PEOPLE?! Oh also, some of the servers I tried to join were down.In my humble opinion, these games are far more successful when they're single-player and allow for self-hosting at minimum. I am not convinced that Oort will go far, despite how promising it may look, if it focuses solely on MMO. In my experience, people who truely enjoy building, and are good at it, dislike servers populated with poor quality builds and leaf towers. These groups would rather self-host and build freely without the mess on their horizon.This will be Oort Online in 6-monthshttp://unixpapa.com/zigguide/spawn.png(but with shaders)Would personally suggest waiting for a couple months worth of progress."
,Not Recommended,324510,18193999,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Zuleahbh,"This game had potential but lets be honest the devs bungled their dealings with their players. The devs arent at all responsive, the game has fps issues at even the lowest graphics settings (I have a AMD FX 6350 3.90 GHz six-core processor 32 gigs of ram and an AMD Radeon R9 230 with 4 gigs of dedicated video memory so its not my computer) servers have high latency even though I am the only person online. I don't really think this game is going anywhere other than down the drain. Its sad but true."
,Not Recommended,324510,16236798,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,p0lly,10/10 Minecraft with source engine effects -IGN
,Not Recommended,324510,15630747,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,kgiris2005,I dont recommend it in its current state. Its pretty and interesting but feels a bit empty very few players currently and the main mechanics they are wanting to add a lot are not in yet. but nice to know there will be a lot of updates coming......but just wish i had waited a bit.......not terrible fun to walk around and will like to see what comes but....feels missing.
76561198062637630,Not Recommended,324510,16692415,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,✫Lelouch vi Britannia✫,It is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198054990868,Not Recommended,324510,17623462,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,annya70,game won't launchI want my money back
76561198036223015,Not Recommended,324510,18429397,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,McNole,Would love to play this game. But I can't. It only runs for a min then errors out. It is a damn shame that the programers can't get it lined out.
76561198066954947,Not Recommended,324510,21755925,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Khum Dhan,"Great game if you like games missing their main feature (Portals)-ProsBetter looking minecraftCrafting system is uniqueGrappling hooks make moving quicker and easier-ConsNo tutorial so getting used to crafting and such is a hassle\The main feature isnt even implemented in the slightest (portals)Takes for ever to find untouched land and before you get to it you will probbably die of fall damageNo one is ever onNo guidesBeacons (land protectors) are such a hassle to get its not even worth it because you have to sign up to the fourms, and request one by getting the coordinates and posting them to the devs then you waitSO YEAH! Great game if you like it when the main and most bragged about feature isnt even in yetI really think they should mention on the store page that portals are'nt even in yet so that sucksAnd i understand it is early access but they should have just released a free testing alpha so that way they can still work on this game with the public and get help instead of mooching for so much money, because there is barely any features that are in the trailer that are shown in the game. Oh and mining sucks because there is no point because there are no ores!"
76561198043110374,Not Recommended,324510,16087426,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,pbigdawg30,"Ok so i just got this game today, i played for.... 1 hour or so and i am not impressed at all if you want to play a game like this buy minecraft and get a texture pack add on lol. I will not bore you with a list of whats good or whats bad. I will just tell you this game is not fun at all nor is it even close to being a game. There are  missing blocks in the game, nothing to do but build. I do understand that this is a early access game, but it is missing a lot of things for this to be even close to a fun or interesting game. But i will check on this game in the future and see if it gets any better, Please keep in mind that the devs want people to buy this game to help develop it, i would still say do not buy this game i do not see it being finished anytime soon or it being any better then minecraft."
,Recommended,324510,19923767,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bazoogle,"This game...Try to imagine, if Chuck Norris, and one of thosereally beautiful nature sceneshad a baby.Chuck Norris would provide all the ninja like and super awesome gameplay, while that nature scene adds a crazy amount of beauty to it.But seriously, this game is already crazy good for being such an early access game. They have a crap ton of work ahead of them, and I can't wait for them to get it all done! They continue to add more and more beauty to this game, and I can't beleive how awesome it is. I was gonna wait for it to go on sale, but I caved in and spent $35 on it. Worth every penny. I recently died and lost all of my stuff, but I am already back and starting from scratch, cause I love this game(anyone who has rage quit before knows how much this really means).Considering buying it?Stop itand drop the money; you won't regret it."
,Recommended,324510,32749749,Posted: 24 June,all,mcwoodru,Fantastic game.
76561198060978988,Recommended,324510,12944509,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Grim Revan,So far I have died 20 times playing Bionic Comando and another 10 prepping my underwater lair. That is 30 GOOD deaths in under 3 hours!  I will gladly die again.  If you were a fan of previous Bionic Comando games you will love this one 100x times more!  I do not know why people keep comparing a great 3D Bionic Commando to Minecraft. It's mind boggling!
,Recommended,324510,24963499,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Blank Face,"Right now all I can say about it is that, its not really playing, but, I do know it is in pre-aplha, so, I'm not worried about that. But, withing the hour I played, or tryed to get it to work, the second I died, I had to re-install the game because I wouldn't respawn. So, I'm not sure if thats a part of the game, or there just isn't respawn yet. I love the concept, and I'd love to play this game more"
,Not Recommended,324510,21481201,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,charlesberg,no matter what I do there's a connection issue with this gamethe only time I did get in there was missing on majority of the blocks...
76561198072840279,Not Recommended,324510,25840487,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,123,without going into extreme detail the game severely lacks content and the updates are slow and i mean really slow i wouldnt buy until there is actually gameplay and content available.
,Not Recommended,324510,18291865,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ceb,just a big scam
,Not Recommended,324510,13309454,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"the game is allright, and I had no qualms about it at first... just felt like a reallllly early version of the game. When I checked their website I saw why this game will never be any good. It's all about getting backers who want exclusive backer garbage, and I doubt its factoring in steam sales. So, yeah. It's gunna be trash and forever stalled. It will be eternally early access. As of right now the real things that got me to get it were that you could customize a character rpg like and be a part of a community. There is 2 servers near me and I've only seen one person online once, also, characters are just square blobs. I don't think crafting or leveling is even in the game yet, all you can do is build and swing around. I saw no npcs or anything like that. The randomly generatedness of it all too is pretty awful. You usually cant walk two squares without having to jump to progress, or you are always falling down a cliff till you die. Its just mountain after mountain. I'm sure theres more, Ive seen some flat areas... but they are appalling because of trees. If you want to see a tree youll probably have to dig it out of the ground... thats your random generating. Maybe in about 5 years, when people say enough with the early access and the game is forced to be released because it gets such negative reviews, it will be ok. Even the 155 dollar backer deal gets you a bunch of crap, not much different from the basic backer deal... this seems to be all they want. Like they will make more money with it as an early access with a bunch of buy this features and slowly drop one little update at a time.I could be wrong though... It may be great if they actually progress some of the core features they advertise like the character rpg system, the story, and crafting. So far, no update I've seen has even adressed any of these but there has been plenty of advertisements for their website which takes you right to there backer sales page."
,Not Recommended,324510,30959428,Posted: 5 April,all,Copper Boltwire,"Boring boring and oh yeah, boring. The only detail the got my attention was the weird portals and the creatures.I gave up on this game quickly and had a refund. And i don't regret the refund.I did not in any sense feel engenged when i started out as i did in Minecraft.And this is much like Minecraft in many ways, but also not.Watch reviews and read reviews of others and judge for your self.Personally, i'd avoid this.They did claim, on the forums, that more stuff is coming. But it felt more like an attempt to keep me playing and try and hook me in. Nothing more.Maybe in 1-3 years i'll buy it again and test out what they have done, but i doubt they will have done much by then."
,Not Recommended,324510,22107471,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Draylynn,"Server's connection is lagging severely, still. I did have an inventory full of random things, but lag killed me within 5 mins of gameplay as I was dropped into the middle of pitch black wilderness and now my inventory is completely empty, no idea where the stuff went, can't find it (corpse, lootbox etc?).No single player mode? No tutorial, no information.Wait for release and just avoid it for now, it's a mess.Edit Dec 30th; Still sluggish, floating items, number of other functional and visual bugs.No players to be seen. Got trapped in an ice pit, nothing breaks the ice, stuck down there with no idea how to get out.Going to go play Minecraft and remove this game permanently from my Steam - taking the biscuit now guys, seriously, cba waiting anymore."
76561198017613937,Recommended,324510,20058319,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Snorpit,Love this game!
76561198213044848,Not Recommended,324510,21644342,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,HYPESON,"This game is nothing like minecraft,options are verry slim,its so buggy,the grapic options dont make any differnce to proformance,it looks nothing like the trailer,the servers are bad,DO NOT GET THIS IF YOU THINK ITS ANYTHING LIKE MINECRAFT,its not,just verry buggy.maybe once its at full release it may be different.i have a gtx 980ti and the frames were in the 10-20s even with tweaks,so it was a refund for me,or at least a request.i dont like bashing any game but when i hear people saying minecraft,NO,its not.and there knowone playing it,it just feels empty,i thought at least there would be good building mechanics in there now.but if your interested wait dont let the its like minecraft but better sway you,look at it differntly before you buy."
76561198052533744,Not Recommended,324510,14439833,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,freegantarchist | we are oceans,no
76561197994628044,Recommended,324510,20342575,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Virtulis,:D
76561197974713647,Not Recommended,324510,34774758,Posted: 6 September,all,Devious,Minecraft with a texture pack %10 of the content and the fun replaced with grinding.Unemployed? This is the game for you.Already own Minecraft? Walk away and go get a nice texture pack for it.3/10 wait a year or five
76561198180028170,Recommended,324510,22782538,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,louisside,Best Spiderman simulator 10/10
76561198046157945,Not Recommended,324510,24341251,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mephistopheles,no explanation of how to play and a handful of worlds absolutely ruined by players such as an endless plain of torches and other stupid stuff.
76561197970930056,Not Recommended,324510,21739144,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Zogman1,I had so much lag i couldn't play.
76561198155169603,Not Recommended,324510,34201542,Posted: 12 August,all,Florida,im just confused what im supposed to do
,Recommended,324510,12952002,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,reckhou,Played grapple hook for 20 minutes...Tarzan simulator 2014Would grapple again.
76561198102221232,Not Recommended,324510,13436688,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,redhaze07,nope my internet cant handle this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198116171537,Not Recommended,324510,19673664,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Albus Dumbledore,"Was super excited to try this game. Connects to Tawas, landed in a mountain top with a torch, killed a pink animal and got no loot, connect to capital and found no one. NO tutorial or guide or explanation of movement keys , actions, etc? GG"
76561198071532846,Not Recommended,324510,24035887,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,iSOLATED,was not happy with this purchase ............
76561197971338589,Not Recommended,324510,22885817,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,FuNkY MaNgO,"The video and concept enticed me in but unfortunately playing only a short period made me want to quit.True that this is an early access game but aren't they all? The game at its current state is barely functional in thatit is barebones with little optimisation, placeholder menus and to top it all I wasn't able to configure my keys..I have a GTX980 on an i7 and it was very sluggish, eventually forcing me to start un-ticking graphic options to get aframe rate that did not want to make me puke.I will try again in a few months and update then. For now, I wish them well and hope that they get this game as polishedas the videos that advertise the game.May 2016 - 2/10"
76561198153727091,Not Recommended,324510,28553704,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Olan,this game is a pile of dead puppies
,Not Recommended,324510,29367792,Posted: 19 January,all,Axe-Lotle,"This is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Absolutely nothing to do, it was so bad I couldnt be stuffed to post a review until it showed up in my queue."
,Not Recommended,324510,22580462,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ATLAS,not finished yet
,Recommended,324510,18158202,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MeatBuckler,"I have removed my old negative review and replaced it with a positive one, because you can SEE the volume of work that has been put into Boundless since I bought it.It is now playable, functional and fun.I have barely scratched the surface but at least now I am inclined to dig deeper."
76561198055593926,Recommended,324510,14984617,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,DUW2PAG,"Well it's been over a year now so i went back to this game to see if anything had changed. My first review was writen with a sad heart as with alot of the players that purchased ort online we believed in the dream. So whats changed, first the names been changed and a rebranding of the game (positive move/fresh start).It was nice to see that some work had been undertaking and the game seeming to be moving in the right direction.This game is still very early alpha but things are being added.Also i've had comments and contact from the developers so someone still cares about the game and the community.It is very much an early access game so read the reviews and make your own mind up before you choose to support this game as content is very much early access.Looking forward to see how this game develops"
76561197964809250,Recommended,324510,18229349,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dont get caught,well im here to update the GAME !!!!!!!! its looking better  still no one is playing but at least the game is looking some what like a game now If u wanna support the dev u can but right now its not worth the money
76561197980157613,Recommended,324510,19146671,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,MisterMark72,"UPDATE:  I've played the game a bit more and, having now allowed me the ability to inverse my Y axis, I'm finding it to be quite a bit more fun.OK, so I've been feeling like a broken record lately but this is yet another game that does not grant me the ability to reverse the Y axis on my controls.  As I've said in my other reviews, I understand this is my issue and I'm guessing the majority of players do not need this aid.  Thus, I can say the game is very pretty and I'd bet it's a lot of fun...but I can't really play it yet.  Once they've granted me the ability to reverse my Y axis I will likely play the heck out of this game.  For now, I can't reccomend it."
