user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,324740,32620075,Posted: 21 June,all,William Shakesman,"To describe Warlock of Firetop Mountain needs a history lesson. Fighting Fantasy gamebooks were a series of Choose Your Own Adventure gamebooks decades ago. ""If you take the ladder up, go to page 58."" That sort of thing. These were bare bones, with thin theme, just enough to invoke the imagination of a P&P RPG player but not enough for a fantasy novel. They were also arbitrary, full of silly choices that lock off needed items just for picking the wrong fork in the road. But for all that nonsense they were the best of the time and their earnest charm won them a deserved following.Warlock on Firetop Mountain is one of the first and most well loved of those gamebooks. Tin Man Games has been keeping the CYOA Gamebook format alive digitally with their excellent Gamebook Adventures series (See An Assassin in Orlandes and Curse of the Assassin on Steam.) with modern design and strong writing.But these Gamebook nerds at Tin Man Games love the classics and were absolutely thrilled to get a shot at the original Fighting Fantasy stuff. Warlock on Firetop Mountain is their most ambitious project. It is still the same gamebook, but with overhauls to the combat, additional encounters, different preset characters with unique side quests, and a really cool presentation of your pawn moving through a dungeon that builds itself as you proceed.The text and choices of the original Gamebook are still all intact, with the infamous and terrible maze now randomly generated (and skippable if you play smart) and the combat tweaked into a simple simultaneous move chess game where you try to predict the AI and attack where it will be next turn and avoid getting attacked yourself. Healing and checkpoint opportunities are added to counterbalance the original game's brutality as well and a lot of the arbitrary bad paths are given a bit of foreshadowing to hint there is trouble ahead (while at the same time there remain dangerous rooms worth the risks so of course it's worth exploring every route over multiple plays).In the end, it is still the same Gamebook. It is just one dungeon that always ends the same and has a few branching routes. It might be much to expect you to replay it with nearly a dozen different characters and see all their unique content and what their skills unlock, but the effort added to give you incentive to replay is appreciated. The smart combat system and many other ways the game had it's rough edges smoothed over are welcome too.I still wish for more of Tin Man Games own original series, but if they treat other classic gamebooks as well as they have done this one, I look forward to whatever they do next, old or new."
76561198043746452,Recommended,324740,33039109,Posted: 30 June,all,Rizzelrun,"This game was recommended by a currator so I thought I'd check it out....I am a huge and avid tabletop RPG player and this game gives SUCH a feel from at least the wonder and mechanics of such a game...My son who is 11 and High functioning Autistic struggles in some aspect of learning, reading ect... but things like this and this game in particular are SO INCREDIBLY helpful for him and he loves it... (which is possibly a huge understatement)I cant be happier with the purchase and I hope we see more items come alog like this."
,Recommended,324740,25372641,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,☸ Shōgun ☸,"A very nice game.I had no knowledge of Fighting Fantasy until I saw this game. I wasn't around in the 80's nor the early 90's. I was born in 96, so it's understandable that I had no clue about the Fighting Fantasy gamebooks.What I like about this game is how simple it is. The HUD is simple and easy to understand, the combat isn't hard (but can still be a challenge), and it's just pretty straight foward.There are different characters/miniatures to collect (you start off with 4 and can unlock a futher 8 I believe with another 4 confirmed for future release). Each character reacts to stuff differently and some things you just can't do due to your character choice. For example: You can dodge a patrol and most characters can hide in a crevice, but one character I played didn't have the choice because he just wanted to kill whatever was coming.The music is quite nice as aswell. I really enjoyed a song I heard in a hall that was filled with ... something I won't state. I don't want to spoil stuff. It was a nice musical tune.I can say without a doubt that I am highly interested in Fighting Fantasy gamebooks. I think that on my next payday from work, I am going to buy a bundle of 20 of them (there's 59 main ones, and spin-off ones I believe).I am really looking forward to getting into Fighting Fantasy as well as an future content from Tin Man Games for either this game or future games. I would really love to see future gamebooks made into this video game format either as DLC for this game or they're own games.I would say that the price could be a little lower. Maybe £10 (I'm British) instead of £15.If they make more gamebook adaptations and charged £10 each one with the chance for us to import collected heroes from past games, that'd be great. Or just make new characters for each adaptation.Overall, this is a great game. Thank you Devs for making an enjoyable game (something I have found hard to find recently) and introducing me to Fighting Fantasy.8/10.P.S. - Sorry for any spelling/grammar errors."
,Recommended,324740,25620588,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Gyurci,"Review first-timer here, be gentle:)I usually buy games during the summer or winter  sale, mostly because as I got old I became patient about my PC gaming. There are rare exceptions, when I buy a game full price...that is mostly because of some obscure principles, usually about supporting indie developers to survive in the dev-arena. You can guess, I bought TWoFM for full-price.I was a huge fan of FF back in my heydey, forty-something people still remember fondly of the times, when those books were our _only_ entertainment. Now I have kids of my own, who are exposed to an array of different platforms, impulses bombard them from all directions. Yet, they rush to me everday and say ""Daddy, let's play the labyrinthish game"". And then we all do: I read the text (mild censorship is sometimes necessary), they happily make all the decisions about where to go or what to do, and we all enjoy the simple-but-entertaining fights. Older kid already demands to buy better heroes, and strictly supervises my pool of souls.Frankly, I am tempted to play this alone, too. The changes are subtle, but helping the replayability immensely : the first time I noticed new dialogue options due Keen Eye ability, and realized that some things change during every playthrough, then suddenly the replay became more and more attractive option. Each hero also has an own quest to complete. The rougelike elements of buying new heroes based on stuff grinded in previous playthrough nicely provides the carrot at the end of the stick: we are 5+ hours into the game. We haven't beaten it yet, and we are not even close to getting bored.All-in-all, this is a very-clever adaptation, that is elevated by the improvements of the original formula, while fully retaining the spirit of the original. I want Deathtrap Dungeons,  Scorpion Swamp and every other book to get the Tin Man Games treatment. And I want them now."
76561198052538848,Not Recommended,324740,25383415,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,duncan.richardson,"A fun and close replication of the book with a new set of annoyances.The good first. There are some heros to choose frpm, a currency system that allows new heros to be unlocked, the combat system is basic but fun (more so that rolling dice anyway)The not so good, there is no developement of the original book (which was hard), many unforseeable basically chance based decisions that will kill you or grind you down to the point you die.The down right awful. You will die a lot, the events will grind you down and the combats kill you, and when you do you get a few restarts from when you last rested and thats it. Then you have to start over, rinse and repeat, same rooms, same encounters, same events. Once you get the combat worked out it becomes a grind to remember the right rooms to go to the right choices for the items etc.There was an opportunity here (without much effort) to randomise the dungeon etc but unfortunately it is rather too close a recreation of the original.I was encouraged by the Genre, the reviews and the promise, but disapointed after only a few hours of play, ok for freeware but unrecommendable at the price im afraid."
76561198084382500,Recommended,324740,25260522,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MAKELELE-MAN,"well, I have purchased the game exactly 10 second after It became available on STEAM...let me tell you something:I.. LOVE it, this is exactly as I dreamed about it!graphics: 9/10playability: 9/10Anyhow, $ 20 is a good price for the game, I am looking forward to more Fighting Fantasy games, I ll buy everything which is related to the series. I loved it 20 years ago when I was kid and somebody showed me the series /and I have collected all of them :D /  and I love it now / I am 33/congratulations for the game, great, I can strongly recommend to anybody who is interested towards role playing."
76561198069868172,Recommended,324740,25261610,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,John Daker,"I'm two hours in and it's been a blast so far. It's such a defeat when your character dies and you have to restart but it's not so disheartening that you want to stop playing. There are so many different enemies, rooms, items, etc. This is a nice break from our weekly DnD campaign and I will be putting quite a few hours into this over the next couple of months. In the two hours I've played, the storyline hasn't shown itself to be incredibly deep as of yet but I have no doubt as the game expands to new areas, new characters, etc. we'll see an increase in detail. If you're into tabletop rpg style games, I would strongly look into this. It's a lot of reading so be prepared for that. But it's not advanced reading or difficult to get through."
76561197992339516,Recommended,324740,25358585,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,chipp9,"Loving the return to my childhood where these books were my doorway into another realm. Am enjoying the fact that my young son is having just as much fun as I am as we team up and take on the Orcs, Goblins and myriad of other creature together."
76561198008154994,Not Recommended,324740,29158951,Posted: 10 January,all,p_munn,very enjoyable for the few hours but quickly gets very stale.  The various characters you can play are slightly different but the dungeon is about 80-90% identical each time so you quickly learn what to avoid or what to do and it becomes more a memory test than a fresh playthrough.
76561198064899882,Recommended,324740,26424282,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,𝖂𝖊𝖍𝖗𝖜𝖔𝖑𝖋,"Thank you Ian Livingstone, Russ Nicholson & Steve Jackson for your great presence during my childhood."
76561197965045995,Recommended,324740,25303312,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Grim,"Well isn't this a blast from the past. The Warlock of Firetop Mountain was one of the first Fighting Fantasy books I read when I was a kid, and it served as a gateway for what would be a lifelong love for fantasy.This game is quite simply a love letter to Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's gamebooks, and it's amazing.The combat system is particularly fun and enjoyable. All in all, a must play."
,Not Recommended,324740,28620929,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,STEPPENFOX,"It is too short considering the price tag.  I was done with the game in 2.2 hours (of which the .2 hours is probably distractions and bathroom visits).  There is some replay value, but I didn't last long on the replay when I realized that it was mostly the same dungeon.  The game was definitely entertaining, though most of the non-combat decisions definitely seemed to be coin flips with a penchant for penalizing the player.  The combat is fun, and you can strategize and win by maneuvering around the board.I would say that if the game was cut to 1/3 of its price, I'd be temped to change my review to a positive rating."
76561198048974498,Recommended,324740,28486685,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,rjmacready,"One has to give credit to both this game and inkle Ltd's recent Sorcery! adaptations for at least ATTEMPTING to address the simplistic and rather arbitrary combat systems of the Fighting Fantasy gamebooks released way, way back in the day. Unfortunately, neither developer has managed to inarguably ""improve"" upon those earlier shortcomings, and some part of me still yearns for the unapologetically unforgiving RNG of two dice and little to no tactics whatsoever. 'Cause for all the ""strategy"" these two recent products attempt to add to the combat, it still feels a hullava lot like a crap-shoot to me (or maybe I'm just too daft to understand what strategy to apply).Oh well. That aside, I have to admit to being pretty darned impressed with this latest effort...At least Tin Man Games have followed inkle's example of not just faithfully adapting those ye olde gamebooks to a fault, rendering Warlock easily the most snazzy-looking of all gamebook adaptations released thus far. Of course, whether this actually constitutes an IMPROVEMENT over the original books is a matter of personal opinion. I certainly dug it. Evidently Tin Man has done its best to evoke nerdy memories of not only the books in question, but also the tabletop RPGs which inspired the gamebooks in the first place...making this the most vivid simulation of a maps-n-miniatures scenario I've yet had the pleasure to witness in a video game.That said, a lot of the old-world arbitrary charm of the gamebooks still remains. You decided to go THAT way? Yup, you won't be lasting much longer. You decided to open THAT box? Here's a hard-arsed bonus combat to waste yet another of your limited Resurrections on. The GOOD news is that this time 'round the replayability is much higher, thanks to multiple characters you can choose from, who not only have differing stats but varied abilities which actually change the course of the plot somewhat. So redoing all those bits yet, yet again won't be quite so tiresome, even if it's still gonna take you an absolute shed-load of attempts before you get anywhere CLOSE to completing the game.I do have to compliment Tin Man for substantially raising their own personal bar, and being brave enough to deliver an experience which expands considerably upon the source material while still retaining much of the original, almost indefinable charm of this somewhat dubious aspect of my childhood. I'd even go so far as to say that this is probably the ""best"" gamebook adaptation I've encountered thus far, and can only hope these devs and others will continue to push harder and farther in years to come. No one's yet ""nailed"" the formula and produced a bona fide masterpiece, but the original gamebooks themselves were never quite perfection either, so perhaps it's only fitting that some flaws remain.Verdict: 8.5/10."
76561198134565642,Recommended,324740,26458368,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,velkito,"If tabletop is alluring to you, buy this. If it is at least remotely interesting, buy it at a small to moderate discount. The game might feel repetitive after a dozen runs, the randomly generated parts sure get tedious, but this is as good as tabletop gaming, at least to someone who has not done much of it before.I should just start usingroll20.netalready.."
,Recommended,324740,25473805,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ender424,"Fun game.  At first I had wished gameplay was a little deeper with more traditional RPG stuff but learned that it is based on a series of adventure books so I understand it has to capture spirit of the source material.  I was curious enough to check out the original book and I'm glad I did.The game is essentially a solo D&D session with very basic dice mechanics though the video game adds some simple tactical combat instead of just rolling dice and seeing who rolls highest.The kicker is getting through this maze can take several tries and requires you to take notes, possibly even draw a map, to complete because if you lose all your lives you have to start all over.  There are checkpoints but good luck finding them because there are a lot of branching paths, deadly traps, tough monsters, and other things that can ruin your day.   You can also find valuable loot, helpful items, or vital information.All in all I definitely recommend this game.  $20 seems a bit on the high side for this but I give it a pass I think the visuals and gameplay are fun if you know what youre getting into."
,Recommended,324740,32819938,Posted: 26 June,all,icey rayne,"I would recommend this game to anyone who loves the Fighting Fantasy games. It's a faithful retelling of the adventure game book. I do like the level design, character design, the feel and atmosphere of the game. It's eerie, creepy, delightful.It's the only reason I'm recommending it though. For me, I found it frustrating to be confined to heroes instead of being able to roll our own stamina, luck and skill like you could do with the original book adventure. I don't know... I thought I'd love it, but I really don't like it for myself. I'm not gonna downvote a game for not personally liking it, because this one's a gem. It's well-made. I just really don't like it."
76561197970186150,Recommended,324740,25358537,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Major Konig,"Very great game.  I loved all the tin man games and inkle games.  I hope they expand and make the other books as DLC for this game.  City of Thieves, Forest of Doom, House of Hell, Deathtrap dungeon etc.  I grew up with these choose your own adventure books and this is a perfect game adaptation in my opinion.  I like the fighting method in the game.  It's like taking the book and art and giving it a mapping program which only enhances it.  I like the fact there's a grind element in it as well to unlock characters.  I really wish Tin man and Inkle and anyone else involved with this game would team up and create some more content like this."
76561197983179882,Not Recommended,324740,32749148,Posted: 24 June,all,/RedDwarf,"I also had high hopes for this game, as I've been a fan of Jackson games since the 80's. But what makes this game suck is the the combat system. It's terrible! You have to predict where the enemy will be, and there's no depth beyond that. Why can't we go head to head with AC and weapons and do point damage based on RNG/dice roll? The rest of the game gives a great feeling of a desktop game, but I just can't deal with the combat system."
76561198019023654,Not Recommended,324740,25412302,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CavityCommunion,"The graphics are wonderful. The art is decent. Combat isn't too complicated, but its still interesting.However the replay value is a misnomer. Do one playthrough until you run out of ressurection stones and finally die. Write down what skill checks/combat are at what locations you found. Write down what item you need to get from one person/ocation to do something somewhere else like King's/Police quest games from way back. Find the tortise to give to the clown to get the key to the hidden door sort of thing. Then another play through as you progress further write down what happened. There are no random maps. Its the same set map with the same set events at the same locations. Occasionally there's some randomness at what you find in a chest or box, but that's about it."
,Not Recommended,324740,28030159,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Beeps,"Incredibly bloated pricetag. Maybe the worst price-to-content ratio I have ever seen on steam.If I were to pretend that I spent $0 on this CYOA game, I still wouldn't have much to reccomend it for. Most of the good stuff comes from the usual Fighting Fantasy fare--the imagery, lingustic style, and sense of danger is well-crafted. The issue is that there is barely any of it. The dungeon is five floors long, two of which are pseudo-random mazes which are rather obviously intended to grind the player to meat with no other purpose. I personally do not mind scripted instant-kills in CYOAs, part of the charm of the genre is how difficult it is to get to the end. Procedural generation slamming 5 halls of enemies in a row, however, I do have a problem with.Getting to the Warlock is quite simple even if you have no idea what to do and ridiculously easy if you do know how to do it. Other Fighting Fantasy titles have immense replay value due to their large amount of secrets, this one has almost none, and most of them are instant-kills. The dungeon is structured in such a way that it actively kills whimsy or interest. Basically anything that doesn't involve killing people for loot is guaranteed to be trap. Extra content is split across the different characters you play, but only a few of them can do anything interesting with their extra content. These characters have laughable ""bonuses"" such as the ability to 'perceptively' notice a key lying right out in the open, or being 'educated' enough to know the very obscure fact that dwarves are good at building things.The combat system is basically the Fighting Fantasy system put on a grid and it isn't interesting. It is also incredibly random, because attacking an enemy as they attack you results in a dice roll. 2d6 + modifiers is simply not enough differentiation for characters to meaningfully impact fights with their stats. Especially when the master gladiator character has 8 in his skill attribute and a freaking rat has 6. That's like a 9% higher probability to win the struggle. You might as well be flipping coins at that point. Thankfully the AI is stupidly predictable so you're in no danger of dying at most points."
,Recommended,324740,31002832,Posted: 7 April,all,Alziel,"If you're a fan of the old Fighting Fantasy Gamebooks from the 1980s, a fan of fantasy boardgames , a fan of the sword and sorcery genre in general or better yet, all three, then this game would be right up your street.Anybody who has played the original 1982 Gamebook on which this game is based will enjoy all that is familiar here as they tiptoe past sleeping orc sentries, take on sadistic goblin torturers, barter with the grumpy ferryman at the underground river, face down a fire-breathing dragon and even tackle the infamous Maze of Zagor itself - not to mention the final showdown with the titular Warlock. All of this is accompanied by the original illustrations by Russ Nicholson - which can now be viewed in colour if you wish (just click the picture to switch between monochrome and colour).But - there is a lot that is new here as well. Additional encounters and new areas have been added and existing encounters and areas have sometimes had revamps. The design of the mountain interior along with the back story of the mountain itself, the denizens and the Warlock have also been given more detail and now the whole thing makes much more sense than the book did. Furthermore, there is new artwork by Russ Nicholson that was  designed especially for the game!Replayability comes not only in the guise of the expanded map that can be explored but also in the variety of different characters that are available to play as. You begin with four of these to choose from but you can unlock other heroes by collecting 'souls' as you play and then using these to purchase a hero (if you can afford it). Each hero will have their own, pre-set standard Skill, Stamina and Luck scores that Fighting Fantasy fans will be familiar with - but they also have much more:- A backstory and a personal quest which can be carried out in addition to the main quest- Special Attacks and Traits which will affect the way your hero fights and what experiences they have- An individual personality which will affect flavour text and may even affect the choices you can make!The whole game is presented as a hybrid text based adventure (where you make your choices as they are presented to you) and a 3D graphical representation of the mountain interior, that builds like a growing board game as you progress (with your character presented as a highly detailed figurine - as are the enemies you face).The combat itself is highly tactical. When you fight, you zoom into a min-battle map and you and your opponents take turns to move and attack. Your Skill score will only come into play in battle if you and an opponent happen to attack each other at the same time - so the clash will be resolved with dice. If you are especially careful with your moves during each combat and are familiar with your character's special attacks, you can avoid having to roll the dice during combat at all (so that - unlike the books - any player, no matter how weak on Initial scores, should  be able to make it through to ultimate victory!) Be sure to play the combat tutorial on your first attempt and make sure you know your 'wobbles' and get good at predicting patterns. It'll soon become second nature.Finally, in a final nod from the modern to the old, the 'Rest Ye Here Weary Traveller' bench from the original book has 'reproduced' and now acts as a save point or a check point as well as a place to rest, eat Provisions and heal.All in all, highly recommended. I'm still having a lot of fun unlocking all the different characters and finding different routes through the mountain with different quests and there's a promise of new heroes to come further down the line (and possibly even other Fighting Fantasy titles getting a similar treatment to this?)A splendid little game."
76561198001410500,Recommended,324740,26451631,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,trollberry,Fantastic adaption of the FF Gamebook and the replayability with different unlockable characters makes it even more fun.  Now if only they could do the rest of the books and the Lone Wolf series as well :D
76561197984376314,Recommended,324740,25392499,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Springroll,"Great remake of the classic gamebook by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone. The illustrations by Russ Nicholson are present and have been beautifully colored. It's a loving combination of gamebook, table-top roleplay and tactics game. I cannot recommend it enough, it's well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,324740,33925113,Posted: 31 July,all,majikthise,"This is something of a Choose Your Own Adventure novel, but with a LOT more depth and replayability, and a great ambience. I got it on sale, so the $15 for the game + DLC was a pretty fair deal. If the devs were to add a World Editor and Steam Workshop, this game would probably gain a lot of followers.TL;DR VersionThe game starts with you choosing from one of 4 pre-unlocked characters (you can unlock more later). Each character has hir or her own backstory, unique abilities, and combat options, and as a result, each playthrough with a new character can result in a dramatically different run through the dungeoins. Each room you explore, and many of the objects in the rooms, can interact wtih the player quite differently, based upon which charactter is being played, inventory items, and other factors.Little details in your character's bio actually surface during exploration. Alexandra of Blacksand, for example, is quite famous according to her bio. Her fame precedes her in quite a few places in the dungeon, sometimes in comical ways. Some of the creatures in the dungeon know her face and/or name, and have a number of different reactions, from attacking on sight to hugging your leg while begging for an autograph.Combat is somewhat chess-like, with your character and enemies all having their own unique movement and attack patterns. These can range from simple front-facing melee attacks to long-range arrow volleys with knockback. All units, both player and AI, select their movement or attack options, then everyone moves / attacks simultaneously. This requires you to observe AI movement and attack patterns (each creature type is different), and learn to anticipate their movements in advance. You aim where you think your opponent is moving to, not necessarily where they are standing at the start of the turn. Some creatures have some powerful capabilities, including long-range attacks, debuffs, etc., and managing / fighting larger groups of monsters can get pretty complicated.There is a fair amount of reading in this game, But the game's approach to presenting it doesn't get boring with repeated playthroughs. There are a surprising number of little things that change each playthrough to make the written material stay fairly intriguing, even when you've visiting an area you've seen 10 times already with different playthroughs. There is a luck element thrown into combat and other gameplay scenarios through die-roll ""saving throws."" Meaning, if you roll a certain number or below, you succeed at whatever it is you're rolling for. You get one re-roll if you think the dice might be about to give you a bad number, and there's an element of skill to this die-roll mini-game.Finally, there are a few things in the dungeon that will just kill you instantly. You might fail to see the giant spider lurking behind you, only to wake up in a cocoon with baby spiders eating you alive. These sudden and ignomeous deaths are usually the result of exploring something nasty. There are lots of hidden nooks and crannies in the dungeon, and some of them only show up for certain characters. You will probably have a few ""What the actual **** just happened?"" scenarios that leave you somewhat mind blown.I've won the game only once so far, with Dekion Strom. Unfortunately, I didn't find any keys or finish the individual character quest, but managed to kill the final boss. The actual ending of the game was pretty interesting, as the story continues on a bit after escaping the dungeon.Graphics are great. Story is great. Replayability is great. An instant classic, IMHO."
76561198036277951,Not Recommended,324740,33914355,Posted: 30 July,all,Khelavaster76,"I grew up on these books and was hoping for a nice refreshing trip back through memory lane. Unfortunately not. Just like the book which is basically a maze, there is only 1 way through with little variation coming from which hero you pick. Sometimes you get a different option at a particular section with an opportunity to either avoid combat or spot something different. But the game eventually gets very repetitive. The combat is not like the other books. You have to maneuvre around a small grid and success comes at guessing whether the targets are going to move or attack into which square. There is no reliable way to predicting - even if a piece is facing one way it can still move into the opposite direction. Granted, some creatures have different behaviors and can perform different actions, just like the heroes. If you both swing at each other you have a ""clash"" roll which are 2d6 with skill value modifiers. So its all hex-based guessing and luck, as opposed to just straight up dice luck as in the other FF games. Some creatures are larger than one square and have a slightly more predictable behavior but usually its just tic-tac-toe hit/miss. At least the combat here is better than Sorcery! The game is long and unforgiving which means you eventually develope the habit of quickly skipping over most passages when you have to restart trying to get back to where you were before. Sometimes you have a resurrection option that lets you continue at the last rest point but sometimes you reach a literal dead end and its immediate game over. But usually its the combat that makes the worst bottlenecks. I only noticed one area where the map is randomly generated each time i did it but i only wish the rest of the game had the same replayability. Everyone that read these books knows that the fun wears off after several times of flipping through the same passages and having to memorize the same action sequence until you find the right way through the maze. Because of the different miniature tabletop aspect this game could have been different but unfortunately its not. I could only take a bit over 6 hours before i lost all interest in continueing. The illustrations, however are straight from the gamebook in color or original black and white and are just as charming as i remember them. So yeah i got a little bit of memory lane but i got bored and left."
76561197960560479,Recommended,324740,25263378,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Sapphon,"I read a lot of choose your own adventures, this is prettier than what was happening in my head. More please."
76561198023507159,Recommended,324740,25357192,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,the.grognard,"This game brings back many fond memories of miniature tabletop gaming.  Painted lead, cobbled together terrain, paper maps. stat sheets, a sadistic game-master, cheesy prose, and lots and lots of dice.  This game does not have a lot of tactical depth or sophistication, but it delivers a whole lot of nostalgia.Unless you were born with an Oculus Rift strapped to your noggin, you'll find the game charming and fun too."
76561198005671757,Recommended,324740,25367684,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,=M.D= Lion,"Brilliant, now please do House of Hell! I've just finished my tenth hour, having played each of the starting characters and unlocking the elf Archer in the next set for a new adventure. Various features add enough variables to make it interesting though you will go through some areas multiple times there's always slight differences, such as finding something in an area that previously had nothing, your character traits also contribute to this. The first part of the adventure is almost a separate quest. The map also shows other areas, is that Lizard Island? Fang home of the trial of champions? Port Blacksand? looks promising, I think it's a good price for what it's offering and it's worked glitch free for me so far. As an old fan of the adventure book series I thoroughly recommend this intriguing, fun game."
76561198127436536,Recommended,324740,25511884,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Zedd,"Many heroes were slain in the completing of this game!A fun and addictive game. I like the combat mechanics, and the 'there is no correct path' feel to the story.Having said that, I completed it in 14 hours, and I was by no means rushing. I died and had to restart with four different characters. I could see someone smart and patient completing it in under 6 hours.The end boss was one of the easiest fights in the game. Perhaps it was just the character I was using, but if I stood in a certain place (in relation to Zagor) then he could never hit me back.I still feel that it is worth the money though, if only to support these types of games!"
76561198008597223,Recommended,324740,25295718,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ScottE,"I've been waiting for the release of this game a long time and it was definitely worth the wait!  An amazing upgrade of the adventure book with beautiful artwork and an interesting ""tabletop RPG"" style.  The environments have been painstakingly recreated from the book.Though the dungeon is the same, each adventurer you play has a unique story and ways to move through it.  One adventurer can stealth past sleeping guards.  Another can barter with enemies for information instead of fighting. Your options can change based on who you play.  Each adventurer has a unique combat style which changes up how you fight.The combat system is unusual.  Everything is on a grid and feels almost like a chess game.  Watching your enemy's move/combat positioning is as important as understanding your own.  And trying out another character means learning a different approach to fighting the same monsters.You don't want to get too attached to any adventurer since death is common.  But every delve will teach you more about the mountain dungeon.  Where a cool item is, how tough a certain enemy is, ways around difficult areas, etc.  In one spot I found a disguise to fool the orcs so I could move around more freely.  But I was forced to kill a prisoner since he thought I was the enemy!  On a second run I didn't put on the disguise and got valuable intel.  Lots of choices, not all good or bad.I've played some of the previous digital adventure books like Sorcery and the straight book adaptions.  And none of them had the immersion of this one.  I'm really hoping this is a success so they will convert more adventures using this engine.  The amount of art and design necessary to do this game must have been immense but if more come out I'll definitely pick them up."
76561198017433432,Recommended,324740,25420052,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,robjacobs71,"Very well done.  Very well executed software, not the incomplete feeling games you often get from kickstarters and indy games.  I never read the original gamebook but I did have some other Steve Jackson games as a kid and my kids love his Munchkin game.  I have actually been playing this with my youngest daughter as our reading time.  I read her the story, she chooses what happens.  It's a lot of fun seeing her think about her choices and see the rewards/consequences.  Definitely worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,324740,25485017,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Venomspread3r,"Nostaligia OVERLOAD!!many moons agoI remember watching my dad read these 'strange' books with dice whilst my mum would watch her soaps no doubt - having no intrest in the happenings of eastenders ..i begged and begged my dad to letme read one of course he said ""no you're too young""  i was only 6/7 at the time.i think i was about 9 when he gave in and i came home from school with a copy of deathtrap dungeon & Warlock of firetop mountain (along with a notepad and dice of course)SORRY!! i just wandered off down memory lane - i love what Tinman Games are doing with these old titles and this game is truly amazing.BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!!"
,Recommended,324740,25373801,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sixteen60,"I got my copy of TWoFM signed by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone in a Games Workshop store (as well as Deathtrap Dungeon and Forest of Doom!) in 1984. So, the Fighting Fantasy books are a treasured part of my childhood (even though I'd cheat if a decision or die roll didn't go my way!). This game is a fantastic journey back to those days. It's simple but every bit worthy of being 'the game of the book'. LOVED that they used the original illustrations. Great fun so far and it looks like there's a lot of replayability in there. Very happy with this game."
76561197993122479,Recommended,324740,25388275,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,brotherThurm,"An excellent adaptation and expansion of the classic Fighting Fantasy gamebook with a lot of replayability. I was a big fan of the books and the world in which they were set as a kid and Tin Man Games have really done it justice. There's a lot of detail here that veterans of the series will appreciate, and if you're new to Titan and Allansia you'll be walking into a richly populated and fleshed out IP. What's more, the map at the title screen brings the tantalising prospect of more of the world to be opened up in later titles. A solid start and I'll certainly be keeping an eye out for more from the devs."
76561198035632651,Recommended,324740,25334709,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,deano1234uk,"I have only played a few characters and this game is awesome!!!It is very in depth with the layout, the artwork and the sheer amount of options their is.The best thing is the combat system.Yet simple to learn and use, it still influnces you to use tactics just enough to make this a game that i will keep on playing.4.5/5"
,Recommended,324740,25374074,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Bloodington,"This is the first review I ever felt compelled to write.  I was a huge fan of this line of books when I was a kid and this game captures both the mechanics and the spirit of those books perfectly.  The game play is simple but clever and definitely holds your interest.  Although it may be a bit frustrating to not be able to backtrack the game follows the books in that regard.  Combat is tactical without being complex or time consuming.  The differences in the characters both in stats, special abilites and how they interact with the game environment offers a lot of replayability.  Overall I'm thrilled with this game, although I'll admit that my enthusiam is also due to a bit of nostalgia.  I certainly hope they make more of these and will be happy to fund them if they do."
,Recommended,324740,34915846,Posted: 13 September,all,Darviathar,"The system here for Warlock of Firetop Mountain makes for a more interesting gaming experience than a digitized rehash of the 30 year old books.  I'm old enough to have purchased and read those books many times during the 1980's, but had more fun playing this than I did going through Tin Man's earlier games from this system.  This system is a lot tougher (you can't spend 15 minutes rerolling dice until you get nice stats), but adds to the replay value of the game, particularly with the different characters available.  The combat can be very tough (especially against multiple opponents.  Even a group of 4 bats, which would be a joke in the books, is challenging here).  I failed my first several attempts through the game before finally finishing it.  I look forward to playing the available DLC and hope that they will add more books to this series soon."
,Recommended,324740,25371389,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,☂Mawiois,"What this game is, is a choose your own adventure mixed with a roguelike. If that sounds good to you, then buy it.The normal ""encounter"" is that you open a mystery door, on the other side is something dangerous coupled with something shiny. (Depending on your character) You have the option to try and run, try and talk, try and sneak, fight, use an item, or a combination or something in between. They're like little puzzles.You have a limited amount of respawns, limited amount of food (which you use to heal). Once you run out of respawns, you ""lose"", and have to start over.Writing's good, characters are nice. Combat against normal enemies can be easy to cheese, though."
76561198013914593,Recommended,324740,25373928,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Darknoble,"This game is absolutely wonderful! Its a random generated dungeon rpg quest storyline. Choose one adventurer from characters you have unlocked and fight your way to the stories end. Its kinda like ""King of Dragons Pass"" meets ""Thea the Awakening""...but more simplified into and dungeon crawler. The combat system is clever...trying to figure what skill attack to use and where your opponent will move so that you might land a blow against him. It has a table-top Dungeons and Dragons pen and paper appeal for emmersion.Great replayable because each character has its own story and the random dungeons and dice rolling makes each experience diffrent from the last. The developers will no doubt be adding many DlCs to this game for players who want more...I highly recommend this gem and encourage rpg gammers ""on the fence"" to Youtube this one..."
,Recommended,324740,25374873,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,CJ Soundboi,"If any of you are scottish or are into scottish humour at all, there's a Limmy reference in this game's achievements. It's well worth it mate."
76561198110052201,Recommended,324740,30275138,Posted: 2 March,all,nzguzzi,"Actually really enjoyed this ( once I learnt the monsters attack styles )The graphics are nice, combat is turn based but can be challenging.First few runs you may die alot but the great thing is you get to keep all the "" souls "" of the dead, which are used later to purchase other characters.One is even a Werewolf.The walkthrough guide is also excellent if you run into trouble.I found Lynette was great ( she costs 500 souls ) but she has a life drain /self heal attack, which can be used to great effectiveness against rats and bats ( doesnt work on undead ) to get your Stamina topped up.Gilfane the Archer is also very good, his angled attack is powerful and his 2x long range attacks work well against the end boss. His quest however is difficult ;)If you want to just farm souls, I would suggest getting Hannbella as soon as possible, she is a very powerful melee toon and can bypass most traps and can use all magic items found.Also, every character seems to have different options and some times some very big game changing scenerios, a lot of fun and a fair bit of re playability.Looks like future DLC content will be great for this style of game play.( if they added exp and actual character training it would be totally amazing ) ~ heres hoping for future content."
76561198212605888,Recommended,324740,33325719,Posted: 6 July,all,jessbrooke,"So corny and retro it wraps right back around to being endearing. Buy it, but get it on sale."
,Recommended,324740,25376101,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,nightcrawler0188,"I've been craving a game that has:-Short sessions (between having a 2 year old and a job in TV/Film Post Production, this is a necessity)-Not-to-complex RPG elements (to fill the gap between D&D 5e sessions)-Easy to pick up gameplay (never know when time is available, so don't want to relearn a system or recall 20-40 hours of previous gameplay in order to play.  There's other games for that.)...and this game certainly helped with that.  I have little experience with the original material, so this wasn't nostalgia for me.  Instead, it was a light, fun game that I could dip into the mind of a character for 1-2 hours (lifespan dependent, of course) without also investing heavily into a BG/IWD-style system.  The game really made me think about what to do, from a logical as well as ethical POV (I stared at the last choice for a minute or two before deciding.  Felt like the end of Fable all over again).  It helps when you really take the RP portion to heart and play the character as they were built.  Everyone has their go-to character type (for me, magic casters and archers all the way), but it is fun to dip into other character types and builds to explore options you may not usually embrace.  The short sessions you would have with these characters allows you to do that without investing SO much into them, taking away the fear of creating a character you are now stuck with and don't enjoy.  Pick someone up, run with it, and on your next run through, choose someone else.  Go N instead of S.  Poke that goblin with a dagger instead of chatting him up.  Mix it up: that's the fun of it.  Hey, maybe you'll even find that instead of pew pewing magic missiles, you like smacking orcs around with a two-handed axe.  You never know until you rage.A minor suggestion and bug to note (not game breaking at ALL, just things that came up)-In areas like the mazes, the time spent panning between screens and waiting for the menus to pop up became a little tedious.  I got through them, obviously, but a Quick Skip button (similar to P&C Adventure Games with double-clicking to room warp, essentially) would be a nice touch.  Especially if it is something like your 10th run through, or your third restoration.-Upon beating the game (1st run through, surprisingly, though I'll admit I was sapped of restoration stones and in the single digits for health...keeps you on your toes, that's for sure), I went to buy Krea.  However, clicking the buy button seemed to only reset the text box and that's all.  If anyone else has this issue, exit the game completely and pop back in.  This fixed it as if nothing happened in the first place.NOTE: If you end up doing what I did and BEAT the game in the first run, it'll take you about 1-2 hours.  If that would be it for you, $20 is a bit much.  However, I believe the game can have quite a bit of replayability due to the different characters and their styles of play.  If you consider running each character through the game with NEVER failing the game (excluding coming soon characters), thats's 12-24 hours worth of gameplay.  But you'll probably die, so jack that up and the $20 is all the more worth it.If you read this review and it spoke to you saying ""hey, me, I like the sound of that,"" good luck, have fun, and enjoy some solo D&D between your sessions."
76561198030759143,Recommended,324740,25309165,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,darizzla,"I remember paging through a Fighting Fantasy book when I was a kid.  Can't remember which one but the mechanics of the game really left a positive impression on me.  I was mostly into video games so never ended up getting into the FF books.Upon discovering that this game was based on those books I had to buy it to see what it was like.  After playing 100's of RPG's on consoles and PC I must say this game is absolutely worth your time.  It's so different than anything else out there.  I am also really enjoying the combat system.A couple quibbles that can hopefully be fixed soon:1) Need XBox One controller support2) Need the ability to manipulate the text window.  I would love to slide it to the side of the screen so I can enjoy the simple wonderful graphics.  They are almost completely obscured by the text.  It would add so much more to the game to read along while actually seeing the dungeon.  Especially with the fantastic music and sound effects.If you consider yourself a fan of RPG's I hope you would consider this game.  It's a must-buy 8when it goes on sale.*Edit - After playing as a few characters and dying quite a bit, I can say that there is significant repetition in the game as you play through the same areas over and over again.  I still give the game a positive review, but can't recommend for its full retail price.  Worth buying on sale."
,Recommended,324740,26515719,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,missdem,"I'm currently really enjoying this game. It's a great adaptation of the book (a copy of which I have stashed away!), and the the additional characters that you can unlock keeps replayability high. I love seeing the way the same interactions and situations change between each character, based on their background and skills. If you like story-based games, you'll like this.Combat is simple, and can feel a bit repetittititive once you get a handle on things (the way enemies move, their combat abilities, etc.), but is never out-and-out boring.It's a game that I can play in short bursts, between other activies (and just life in general), without feeling as though I have to relearn a lot of skills again. Perfect for people who are busy with other things."
76561197972445514,Recommended,324740,25773390,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Hellbishop,The Warlock of Firetop Mountain a tabletop roleplaying game translated with masterful perfection of artistic execution into the magical digital realm. In this realm thy character shall explore eerie dungeons echoing with the silence of death and subteranean caves alive with inhuman monstrousities watching..reaching out from the darkness of thee abyss seeking to claim your mortal life and eternal spirit.Choose wisely thy actions as thou manipulateth thy avatar a heroic embodiment of tabletop minitures aided by the fates of godly dice rolls as skill and luck merge to aid thee in  battle or crush you in merciless truth where every heavy decision carries dreadful consequences or a moment of brief victory.Will thou slay the drunken orc before you possilby alerting the treacherous guards or will you leave him be or not even bother entering the room at all deciding instead to take another route unseen? Endless choices and outcomes await you.In blood curdling combat try and survival you will doing thy best to outwit and guess your opponents next move. Can you block with multiple sword thrusts the enemie's path spilling their blood before they spill yours?Pay heed to your instincts beckoning thee to purchase this blessed creation which stands before thee waiting for a mighty hero to wield it and destroy the evil that is THE WARLOCK OF FIRETOP MOUNTAIN!
,Not Recommended,324740,25537690,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Cuchulane,"The game has a nice look and feel that is a fun way to play a game based on this type of book. It's well done in pretty much every way. But I guess it's the nature of this type of game that it's more frustrating than fun since there is really no rationale behing what may be a good choice or a deadly choice. Every time you encounter a new choice to make, you may as well just flip a coin. Should I open that door in front of me? There's nothing to indicate if you should or shouldn't. There will be additional text like "" you hear a loud noise behind the door."" Well, one time it may mean that there is someone inside with a critically important item they will happily give you, then next time it's an overpowering creature that will wipe you out in a heartbeat. So after awhile you start skipping all doors and risks. Then you get to a point and the options say ""use item X"" which of course you don't have.The more I play, the less fun it gets and the more frustrating it becomes."
76561197981124470,Recommended,324740,26531180,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kilroy512,"I currently have about 12 hours in the game and, baring a few odd attempts from time to time for the hell of it I don't think I will be playing much more of it. That being said, it was an extremely enjoyable price tag for anyone who is a fan of pen and paper rpgs or even choose your own adventure books, oddly enough. I wouldn't recommend this game to everyone, but if this game looks even a little interesting to you then it is worth the purchase."
76561198103290668,Recommended,324740,25692161,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,jgjsmith006,"As an 80's child I was a huge fan of the Fighting Fantasy gamebooks (along with others such as Lone Wolf and Way of the Tiger), having collected and played almost all of them, and it has been a shame that has been so few good computer game adaptations.   However, I feel that this game has bucked the trend and is definitely the best Fighting Fantasy computer game I have played so far.The Warlock of Firetop Mountain is very clever in that it combines the original gamebook structure (where you make the relevant choices) with elements of another great childhood favourite, HeroQuest, as your character and the enemies you face are represented by models, and the graphics are of good standard with a good range of locations to traverse.    In terms of keeping to the original gamebook, the creators have added elements of the sequel, Return to Firetop Mountain, with their own additions - which do not feel out of place in the Fighting Fantasy world (although I do not know why Salamonis is missing from the game map).  The battle sections are also cleverly done with the option to use strategy to help narrow the odds against stronger enemies, as well as the obigilatory dice roles (skill is still the most important factor with these games).The game also benefits from the amount of characters you can choose, and later purchase, each with a different backstory.  This gives them game more longevity, although the option to create your own characters would have been nice (maybe this is a hidden option I have not discovered yet).  This option also somewhat nullifies a problem that beset Fighting Fantasy in that there was not the levelling up option of gaining experience that Dungeons and Dragons and similiar RPGs offered (although the mighty Bloodsword gamebooks did implement this).All in all I highly recommend this game, not just for fans of the original gamebooks, but for new players as well.  I would definitely be interested  in future titles  done in this style.  Citadel of Chaos next anyone?"
,Recommended,324740,25363540,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Braxt,"Excellent game! Reminds me of playing ""Advanced Hero Quest"" back in the day. Well done. :)"
76561197992833880,Recommended,324740,25293136,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Danimosity,"This game is really quite fun. replayability really depends on your interest in the game and is difficult to gauge, as you will likely die many times before ever reaching the end. But each time you start over, you will have a better understanding of what to do and where to go. You have access to four heroes to choose from at the start. Each hero influences how you play and what your goal is. Combat is very streamlined and clever, sort of puzzle oriented. There is lots of reading, as this is an adaptation of a book, but doesn't come off as a cheap choose your own adventure knock off at all. Glad I made this purchase. The devs intend to continue to support the game with new characters and stuff. Hopefully it does well enough to get whole new Fighting Fantasy books adapted."
76561198019384586,Recommended,324740,25808643,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zakalwe,"Absolutely brilliant. Very Impressed. I was a kid when the The Warlock of Firetop Mountain game book was first released and it was, for good reason, a big hit. I've still got it today. I must admit I never knew there was a board game version. This implementation of it is superb though, it has kept the look and feel of the book and has also got a board game look and feel as well. I have some of Tim Man's adaptations of the FF books on my iphone and they are very good as well."
76561197971269530,Recommended,324740,25290793,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,deliamic,A really gorgeous and playable adaptation of the game book.
76561198023701012,Recommended,324740,25291116,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Lord Hatley,"Simply brilliant. I was a huge fan of the Steve Jackson books, having the entire collection at one stage. This is a great re-imagining of the one that started it all. Even the figurines look like they have been hand painted. Loving this!"
76561198051316142,Recommended,324740,25342313,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SGZ***71,"Beautiful, fun and simple ( in a good way ).    Expands on the excellent books I remeber so fondly from my childhood."
76561198077343338,Recommended,324740,25815414,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,*benjo*,"Loved the game. Well worth playing.Also, great support. I emailed the developer with a problem I had at 7:00am on a Saturday morning and he answered right away"
,Recommended,324740,25284962,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Lint Wizard,"When my character's token hopped up and down as traversed the road to Firetop Mountain, I smiled because it was adorable to mimic someone moving it by hand across a game board. But later, as I did epic battle with an orc and a goblin, the goblin slid under a table and my jaw dropped. I was not merely amazed that goblins were small enough to fit under tables, no: it was small enough to fit but *it still bumped and jostled the table.*This is the most realistic fantasy RPG I have ever played, and it's fun besides. I grant it full marks, with a gold star on top because I don't have Zagor's key this time but I'm feeling generous."
76561198017599168,Not Recommended,324740,29601421,Posted: 31 January,all,SFF2000,"Unlike other Steve JAckson or Fighting Fantasy (FF) like games I have experienced on Steam (namely Sorcery! parts 1-4), The Warlock of Firetop Moutain does not live up to what I am use to. In about an hour of the game, I was able to beat the final boss off my first run without any prior knowledge of the game or book.There was also, unfortuntately, a lot of context missing for new players to this FF novel that I could never appreciate that long time fans would. I did enjoy how the board appeared as you progressed and there were other interesting mechanics like the combat, but nothing to hold me.The combat, for the hour I experienced, just didn't feel fleshed out and my characters felt limited as what they could actually do. And I did not really understand that luck or skills and how they decrease or increase but without increasing the cap (making your character more powerful or feel more powerful).Also still am unsure what ""Souls"" are used for. On my run to the final boss I acquired over 200 ""souls,"" maybe that is a score for leaderboards? I am not sure.To end, I do believe the challenge of the game is probably really high (considering the final battles, that I felt I was able to manipulate easily) and I just got lucky. However, for a twenty dollar price tag for a game that feels a few years old, I don't believe it is worth it."
76561198022248281,Recommended,324740,26443791,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Barlone,"If you loved gamebooks as a kid or you just like a slow paced games with rich narrative, you should buy this one. It has high replayability walue and its definitely worthy.11/10 Would touch green goo again."
,Recommended,324740,25387977,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Jadeia,This is the game I've been looking for. For 30 years.
76561198053053557,Recommended,324740,27913280,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,McTaggs,"An addictively fun, retro way to waste an evening! It's a 21st Centruy spin on the old Steve Jackson game books. I am thoroughly enjoying it in all it's quirky, 1980s homage glory!  I love the mechanism where your ""kiils"" earn you points towards unlocking new characters to play. Entering the dungeon has a whole new spin with each hero you try. Playing as a huge, illiterate Rhino-Man was a blast - even when I discovered the Warlock's library ... but couldn't read the books."
,Recommended,324740,34097423,Posted: 8 August,all,Vendyn,Top notch tabletop adventure in a digital package.
76561198336277655,Recommended,324740,34134152,Posted: 9 August,all,Sensational TKO,Yup I like this
76561198110891966,Recommended,324740,25632006,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,nemserultnem,"Amazing adaptation of the original book concept - bringing back some of my best childhood memories. With the 5th character I finally managed to overcome Zagor, with the 6th one I am still encountering new scenes. Looking forward to new content & further book adaptations! $20 well spent."
76561198111982115,Recommended,324740,34408976,Posted: 21 August,all,Derpface,"This was a great game, I loved that it has options for people with who are dyslexic. All around it was worth what I paid for it."
,Recommended,324740,25729892,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RuySan,"Being such a big fan of Fighting Fantasy, i had to get hold of this game as soon as possible.As far as these adaptations go, i'm not too demanding. I'm fine with a plain book adaptation as Tin Man Games had been doing until now. This time though, they really upped their game, and it's a very interesting result. The main improvbements are a new fighting system, expanded writing, different characters to choose from and miniature inspired graphics.Well, the first 2 aren't so much as a success as the latter 2, and this is why:The new fighting system is fun for the first few times, and then it gets boring. It takes way too much time for something lacking in depth. I wished there was an option for the old simple dice system.The expanded writing is a bit pedestrian, and it's very evident what's was in the main book and what wasn't.Even still, i like the adaptation. The different characters are a nice addition since everyone whould reroll a 7 skill character anyway, and the graphics are just lovely.I just hope this game is succeful enough for a few more adaptations like City of Thieves and Deathtrap Dungeon."
,Recommended,324740,25295567,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,BlueOrange,"I really like this game. I remember reading Warlock of Firetop Mountain when I was in primary school, and was delighted when I found DiMaggio's scroll in the computer game version.  The animations of my figurine clomping its way along the most beautiful gaming table I've ever seen activate so many other happy memories. I wish my kids were young enough that I could read it to them, and they could sit on my lap and play it with me.If you're a 20-something (perhaps even a 30-something) I fear that you might not 'get it' - nostalgia and 'accessibility to kids' are strong parts of the appeal.Replaying the opening does get a bit repetitive after the first few attempts at the game. I'm seriously thinking about activating the cheat mode that allows me to say ""Yeah, I win this fight"" or ""Yeah, I totally have that item, even though I don't know where to find it."" I'm pretending to myself that I didn't do that when reading the books, but the pretense is wearing thin now....Full disclosure: I've met several members of the dev team in person, and consider them friends."
76561198044763718,Not Recommended,324740,25526723,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kendacity,Big fan of the genre (and the original books) but this is limiting and repetitive. Plus the save feature is erratic.
,Recommended,324740,25373141,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Limey21,Brilliant and worth every penny.
76561197992573404,Not Recommended,324740,29349797,Posted: 18 January,all,It's Johnny!,"I had high hopes for this game but it really should have come with a recommended age, I'm thinking 11-12 years old.  This game plays like a digital Choose Your Own Adventure book, which is fine and I thought would be fun but it got boring quickly.The story begins and unfolds with a simplistic plot, an excuse to get you to the quest, and then hits about every cliché D&D encounter like it was rolled right out of a single-player module.The combat is overly simplistic and annoying.  Not much strategy involved, plays more like a puzzle.  Just not a very challenging nor interesting puzzle.I remember playing games like this as a kid and thought they were fantastic, spurred my imagination, but as an adult I find games like this to be uninteresting.  I'd buy this game for my nephew but would not recommend for an adult.On a positive note, I think the artists did a good job making the graphics visually appealing.  I like the way the map builds as you trek along, and the dice rolling is cool.  Also, thought the figurines was a cute idea.  I'm just bummed that the content was not more mature and the combat challenging.  More free-form and less like solving a puzzle.  Puzzles are better suited for navigating obstacles."
76561198020254037,Recommended,324740,25272784,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mr.Incognito,Brilliant!  I can't wait for them to do City of Thieves.
76561198324856480,Recommended,324740,25516727,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,hawkster91,"Very Enjoyable, Highly Recommended, Just looking forward to future FF game books created this way."
76561198000385268,Recommended,324740,29556726,Posted: 28 January,all,[LINUX]oldrocker99,"A most enjoyable adaptation of the UK Steve Jackson's (there's an American game designer of the same name) classic choose-your-own-adventure. Graphics are nice, and the combat is more of a challenge than one first might think."
76561197987512543,Recommended,324740,27504182,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[T7C] Mr. Grimm,It's tabletop mini-figure come to life. Each adventurer has their own story. Plays like a choose your own adventure book.  The graphics are pleasant and the combat is fun.
76561197964093570,Recommended,324740,29131933,Posted: 8 January,all,Ab,"I owned the book as a kid and i have really enjoyed this game so far. Its probably the first time i have ever played thru honestly. If you know what this is, i think you will enjoy it, but if you have never heard of the books you may find it a little simple. If there are more of these games i am likely to buy them aswell"
,Recommended,324740,33830690,Posted: 27 July,all,Grim Madder,"Very enjoyable dungeon romp. Having a blast so far.Good selection of characters.Atmospheric dungeon.Neat, strategic combat system.Look forward to more releases based on other books!!"
76561198009426399,Recommended,324740,28178875,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,madein1976,"I remember reading Fighting Fantasy novels at school as a kid and this soooooooo does it justice.THE MOST FRUSTRATING GAME IN LIKE FOREVER!!!!  which makes it awesomeYou follow the path you're supposed to, you fail. Try again, fail. Try again, fail. Try something else, fail. Try the original path, pass. WTF?????? WHY DIDN'T THAT HAPPEN THE FIRST TIME!!!!!!!!!Absolutely love it and hope there is more to follow."
76561198030926305,Recommended,324740,25292701,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bossonova911,"Very Very good game i recommend getting it However, there is alot of reading involved....."
76561198009842155,Recommended,324740,25723695,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bishop Of Battle,"Pros:Great game that brings back memories of the book.  Challenging, but didn't take long to win.  Took me about 14 hours to beat it.  Though, I know there is alot more in the game that I haven't checked out so I'll be back to play more.  For $20 seems a fair deal except for the con below.Cons:As someone else mentioned in the reviews the game definitely has a memory leak somewhere.  In either fullscreen or windowed mode the game would almost seem like it was going to crash at some points.  After playing the game off and on for about 4 hours my computer was becoming highly unstable.  When I told my machine to reboot it took about 10 minutes for it to finally let me reboot.  After realizing this I would recommend to reboot your machine after playing a couple of games - before things get really unstable.  I also once had the game completely freeze up on me, and I had to shut the game down using the task manager in windows.  The devs really need to locate and fix the memory leak.  It's not fair to ask $20 for a game with a memory leak."
76561198098062867,Recommended,324740,25306011,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mario333,"The things i like about it:- Great adaption of the Gamebook. The action of the game gives a new perspective to the genre but keeps it original.- There aren't many games out there that combine these elements the game has to offer (Dungeoncrawling, Storytelling, Adventuring, Board etc.) all together, in a way that every one of them has an actual impact on the gameplay and not just a detail.- It seems repeatable and you can spend many hours to explore and discover the secrets of the mountain.- The enviroment and the art of the game has an oldschool taste like HeroQuest and the first editions of DnD.The things to get better:- I would like to see more RPG elements.- More content in the future, exept characters that is already announced on DLC.- A dungeon editor to extend the life of the game even more, giving us the option to create our own deadly dungeons and stories.This is my opinion, have fun and explore!"
76561197978111041,Not Recommended,324740,25816450,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CmdThor,"I would rate this game 6/10. This game has a good, nostalgic ambience to it. However it also inherits the limiting constraints to ones actions from the books. This wouldn't be so bad if it offered slightly more flexibility. For example. I passed the first rest bench, because at that time I didn't need ANY rest. However, after the next two or so encounters, I wanted to use that bench. However, inexplicably, I couldn't simply walk back over to it. Once I passed that space, there is inexplicably no going back to it. However, in other places, you do get the choice to turn around and go back the other way. In a tabletop adventure, you have the freedom to move around. In this it's like a river and you can only go downstream. Another time, before entering the domain of the dead, I came to a visible rest bench there. Yet I was never presented with a choice to rest there, even though I desperately needed to!The first of the four starting characters has a quest that seems nearly impossible to win even when doing everything right. FOUR times I went in to fight the two fire salamanders and defeated them. Then with no way around it whatsoever, you always get knocked unconcious by an amulet, tossed in a river, and if failing your skill check doesnt get you, the extra 3 damage you take automatically is usually enough to finish you off after the really tough salamander fight. Then, the one time I made it through all of that, there are at three more encounters up on the beach with no chance to rest (correct me if Im wrong, but I'm pretty sure). Yet the male fighter's quest I finished first try even though I passed a bench or two.Then there is what the others have said about limited replayability because it's exactly the same dungeon every time. Overall the game is frustrating. It's ok for a ""mindless"" bit of entertainment, but I got 8 hours into it, and I'm already bored with it. (a good game like Planet Explorer's, Ark, Space Engineers, Empyreon etc.. I'm usually into it for 400-600hrs) before Im bored with it. I can see this is something maybe I could play for 8 hours once every few months possibly. But more likely I'll be engaged with something more interesting. I'm off to try Thea now. Decent reviews."
,Recommended,324740,33332210,Posted: 6 July,all,Libertygeek,"Not 100% sold on this yet.   I get the idea and I like Steve Jackson and Fighting Fantasy stuff so right now I am on the border with it.   Maybe it will open up more, pretty sure it will but right now I am just barely giving it a positive for the creative minds behind the effort."
76561197970812613,Recommended,324740,32999052,Posted: 29 June,all,Brain [HUN],Excellent game. I didn't remember that the original book was this deep. I can only recommend it. Several hours of fun.
,Not Recommended,324740,30083968,Posted: 21 February,all,The God Ghetto Holy,"I'm personally not a fan of the gimmicky nature of the combat. Otherwise I like everything else about the game. It has great visuals, great story unfolding, and a lot of other features like unlocking characters going for it.I would have liked to see a more typical fantasy experience for combat. Sorry, since combat is half the game, I can't recommend it."
76561198147134873,Recommended,324740,27324893,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cheese,"I have been waiting for a tabletop rpg computer game like this. Game looks amazing and has solid replayability, the ONLY addition i would really love to see is online coop multiplayer with player created stories!"
,Recommended,324740,33119393,Posted: 2 July,all,Gnarl,"This brought back so many memories from when I played the book, yes I said it played the book. This new format is just wow."
,Recommended,324740,25273752,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,johndraugr,"Excellent, lots of fun so far even though I didn't make it through my first attempt. I'll try again later! :)"
76561198022411663,Recommended,324740,25277722,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jexx,"It's too Kool! get it, you will lov it, if you love miniatures and choose your adventure books, just get this!"
76561198306730953,Recommended,324740,25330465,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DarkFX,9/10 an awesome little RPG game :)
,Recommended,324740,28550350,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Arumwon,This game is just like the book and the PlayStation 3 version! Extremely fun if you enjoy novel type games. This is a must have if you are a fan of Fighting Fantasy!
,Recommended,324740,25539357,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Smelty,"I hear this game is out for sale?  hope so , cause I can't wait to buy it and play it.   My cat is licking the screen so I'm sure she wants the game also. She played this back when is was out on the PC."
76561197996182734,Not Recommended,324740,25497974,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Doombunny,"just a rehash of the old choose your own adventure books with very basic combat system.  Graphics are nice, but not 20 dollars nice."
,Recommended,324740,27767246,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bill Murray,Epic game adapted from an epic book.Beware: lots of reading.
76561198113629729,Recommended,324740,31532344,Posted: 3 May,all,R2D2,Feels like a realy cool single-player table top game. Absolutely enjoyed it!
76561197961031030,Recommended,324740,28726636,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NickelRodent,great game
76561198005667708,Recommended,324740,33888749,Posted: 29 July,all,Hesmah,"The tactical combat is very well made, just enough to make fighting fantasy games catch my interest. Loved it!"
76561198076463707,Recommended,324740,30562103,Posted: 16 March,all,n0_Soup_4_YOU!,That Orc Training song is GREAT!!!!!I need more of that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,324740,32039550,Posted: 29 May,all,milligna,Great to see some innovative ways to bring life to the old fighting fantasy formats.
76561198046085046,Recommended,324740,25274302,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Homen-Digo!,"If you've never played one of the Fighting Fantasy books, this is the time to redeem yourself of this vile deed of yours.10/10 would be proud of having skin conditions again!"
,Not Recommended,324740,29102226,Posted: 7 January,all,andrewsav,"There is obviously quite a bit of love poured into the game. It's beautiful and charming. However, it's a text adventure. Something that people would create to amuse themselves (and sometimes even sell) when there was no computer adventures. In today's world the only value it has is a nostalgic one. It has zero replayability, it's dull compared with modern computer games, and there are no reasons to chose this game over a proper computer game unless you are fond of these old books you might have had as a child.I think for most people this is a no buy recomendation. I would recomemnd it to buy only if you are after exactly this type of experience."
,Recommended,324740,25339490,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Shirakani,8===NOSTALGIA==BONER==HNNNGH==D~~~(not to scale)
76561198068273937,Not Recommended,324740,34702090,Posted: 2 September,all,Dr.FragensteinM.D.,"I don't like the combat, enemies get to move and attack but you can only move or attack, what bs. Not even close to the FF novels"
76561198024427136,Not Recommended,324740,32955176,Posted: 28 June,all,niels-t-andersen,"Too simplistic and with little to no options: The lack of save and posebility to rest combined with the ""not so smart"" combatsystem = This game sucks"
76561197970456109,Not Recommended,324740,28172797,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Godsdemon,Meh not as fun as I thought it would be.. Its really dull. Save your money and buy something you know you'll be entertained by cause this game just isnt it.
76561198038290352,Not Recommended,324740,25781907,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Azg,"Played as the PC with a spear, proceed through Dungeon, fight Fire Salamanders, win with 8 hp, drown in river after failing skill check. Reload. Win against Fire Salamanders with 2 hp, drown in river after passing skill check. The game seems fun, but I'm not going to keep playing the same thing. I frankly don't care if that's how pen+paper worked: it's not fun (and there's no DM to ameliorate the ""cruel hand of the dice gods""). As it is, the game shows promise, but it just isn't fun."
76561197973490554,Not Recommended,324740,25810945,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,xsvenom,"I'm not going to get into too much about this game. I found it too be very slow and boring. Now, that's me and what I feel about it. I do know for a fact that other people will go bonkers for this game. But it's just not my style of gameplay."
76561198009393479,Not Recommended,324740,25281141,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,d0nk3y,"Definitely not worth the cost. Combat is simple but unintuitive, choices seem superficial, and gameplay does not feel rewarding."
76561197980974856,Not Recommended,324740,25278581,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,leonidas480bc,Liked the idea just not the way combat was done
76561198090383257,Not Recommended,324740,25537229,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dr.Smoke,No
76561198057364213,Not Recommended,324740,25404542,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,vampireguppy,"Just wish i hat tune control, best player from start is  girl... just my pref, ...."
,Recommended,324740,25529605,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,GoGoCNE,"A great step back in time. I was a huge fan of the original Fighting Fantasy books when I was a kid. I had a giant collection. If you're anything like me, you'll appreciate this game. It's not terribly sophisticated but therein lies it's charm. It's the 21st century embodiment of everything that was great about those books.The combat is simple and the RNG element of the fights and challenges can be frustrating but that was all part of the original experience. The only difference now is you can't cheat and re-roll bad outcomes.The price is right for the great-looking interpretation of the book experience."
76561198003100025,Recommended,324740,25574691,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Bonsaimancer,"A lot of fun, have been playing several evenings with my wife, laughing my as.s off as she went right into deadly traps, which I already knew about. Sometimes can be frustrating due to those instakills, but usually it happens after some mistake of yours. Every character you play has different reactions and plays differently, so for me it´s a big thumps up and one big please to the authors - more of such games in the near future, pls!!!"
76561198019041913,Recommended,324740,26888752,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tanil05,"Having played some of the original fighting fantasy books, this is a great trip down memory lane.  It rekindled the magic that I remember and it's been a lot of fun to play.  I hope they expand on it and/or add more books!"
,Recommended,324740,26872787,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Joriel,Fun talbe top version of those old choose your own adventure books. well worth a try.
,Recommended,324740,26856297,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheMonstah,Reallyh enjoying it so far!
76561197973080470,Recommended,324740,28962222,Posted: 2 January,all,Sir Dubs Alot,"Hero's quest board game anyone?  If you've played any of those fantasy board games of the 80's and early 90's this will be a refreshing experience.  It also has a choose your own adventure element very reminisnict of novels I had the pleasure of reading when I was a kid.  It's a wonderful throwback game, and though it has but one dungeon, you won't experience all of it in one play through.  There are mulitple unlockable characters all with their specialized quests.  And though the combat is a throw of the dice, there's a lot of strategy to it.This game brings new meaning to a now common phrase ""retro gaming.""  If you're looking for something good and original AND you're over the age of 30 you'll probably enjoy it.  I suspect teeny boppers and those in their twenties won't 'get it'."
,Recommended,324740,29150049,Posted: 9 January,all,Cipher,"Steve Jackson is known for producing some quality games. This one is no different. It is very simplistic in its design, but is quite entertaining, especially if you're just looking for some time to kill. Additionally, it has a good deal of replayability as the more you play, the more points you earn to unlock new characters to begin the quest all over again albeit with different side objectives.I'm glad I got this game. I've been playing for a few weeks and just managed to beat it and I'm about to start again with another character. :)"
76561198042413311,Recommended,324740,29662341,Posted: 2 February,all,Algous,"Another great Steve Jackson game.  If you're unsure about you should try Sorcery! for mobile phones.  It has some of some of that lose stuff just because, but I guess that's how these books are supposed to work."
,Recommended,324740,33935627,Posted: 31 July,all,Cake,"Fighting Fantasy books are my bread and butter. I love them so much and I highly recommend you to buy this game, if you like Jakson's and Livingstone's work. However I must drop this game after 11 hours of play. The absolute worst thing a singleplayer video game can do with its player is a wipe os saved data. My game crashed once I was fighting a vampire and from that point every time i stoped playing and wanted to continue later, I had to start from the vampire fight which was almsot impossible to do. One second I am fighting the Red Dragon next second game crashes. FIGHT THE VAMPIRE.Also you lost your souls. At this point I could start to cry.I closed the game and restarted it hoping it might solve the issue. Complete 100% progression wipe. (0 sould). Even though I love this game and the books and I want to support Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone, I can not recommend a game that requires you to invest maybe houndreds of horus to unlock its content that you can just lose after a crash, without any way to restor your data."
,Recommended,324740,35504607,Posted: 5 October,all,Challak,"This game is excellent. Its only faults are some wonky selection errors when playing with a controller, but the game captures choose-your-own-adventure and the tabletop RPG experience so effectively I barely noticed."
